THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 48.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From December the 13th, 1792,

In the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

TO

December the 10th, 1793,

In the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third.

Re-printed by Order of The House of Commons.

1803

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Jovis, 13° die Decembris;

Anno 33° Georgii IIItii Regis, 1792.

[Message to attend His Majesty.]

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty:

And being returned;

[Writs issued in Recess.]

---

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made " in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of 4‘ His present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of " the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the " Clerk of the Crown, for making out Writs for the " Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the " Manner therein mentioned; and for substituting " other Provisions for the like Purposes," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places; viz. for the County of Monmouth, in the room of John Esquire, deceased; for the Borough of Preston, in the County of Lancaster, in the room of the Right honourable Lieutenant General John deceased;

for the County of Somerset, in the room of Edward Phelips the Younger, Esquire, deceased; for the Borough of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, in the room of the Honourable John Leveson Gotcer, deceased; for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Lieutenant General Richard Burton Phillipson, deceased; for the Borough of

bury, in the County of in the rooin of the

Right honourable George Augustus commonly called Lord North, now Earl of Guildford, called up to the House of Peers; and for the Town and Port of

Winchelsea, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the Right honourable William Henry Vane, commonly called Lord Viscount Barnard, now Earl of Darlington, called up to the House of Peers.

Several Members present, and several Members re- Members turned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and Oaths, subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawry Outlawries, was read the First Time. Bill read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant ta Cambridge the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Cambridge, in the room of the Right honourable William Pitt, who, since his Election for the said University, hath accepted the Office of Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Militia Act Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- read, jesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended Mr. Speak n His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His Ma- reports the jesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech g1"^. from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of p which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

Having judged it necessary to embody a Part of the Militia of this Kingdom, I have, in pursuance of the Provisions of the Law, called you together within the

Time

4

13° Decembris. A. 1792,

Time limited for that Purpose} and it is, on every Account, a great Satisfaction to Me to meet you in Parliament at this Conjuncture.

I should have been happy if I could have announced to you the secure and undisturbed Continuaac* of all the Blessings, which My Subjects have derives! from a State of TranqurFfity ;' but Events have recently occurred, which require Our united Vigilance and Exertion in order to preserve the Advantages which We have hitherto enjoyed.

The seditious Practices which have been, in a great Measure, checked by your firm and explicit Declaration in the last Session, and by the general Concurrence of My People in the same Sentiments, have of late been more openly renewed^ and with increased Activity. A Spirit of Tumult and Disorder (the natural Consequence of such Practices) has shewn itself in Acts of Riot and Insurrection, which required the Interposition of a Military Force in Support of the Civil Magistrate. — The Industry employed to excite Discontent on various Pretexts, and in differents Parts of the Kingdom, has appeared to proceed from a Design to attempt the Destruction of Our happy Constitution, and the Subversion of all Order and Government; and this Design has evidently been pursued in Connection and Concert with Persons in Foreign Countries.

I have carefully observed a strict Neutrality in the present War on the Continent, and have uniformly abstained from any Interference with respect to the internal Affairs of France; but it is impossible for Me to see, without the most serious Uneasiness, the strong and increasing Indications which have appeared there of an Intention to excite Disturbances in other Countries, to disregard the Rights of Neutral Nations, and to pursue Views of Conquest and Aggrandizement, as well as to adopt towards My Allies The States General (who have observed the same Neutrality with Myself) Measures which are neither conformable to the Law of Nations, nor to the positive Stipulations of existing Treaties. Under all these Circumstances I have felt it My indispensable Duty to have Recourse to those Means of Prevention, and internal Defence, with which I am intrusted by Law; and I have also thought it right to take Steps for making some Augmentation of My Naval and Military Force, being persuaded that these Exertions are necessary in the present State of Affairs, and are best calculated both to -maintain internal Tranquillity, and to render a firm and temperate Conduct effectual for preserving the Blessings of Peace.

Nothing will be neglected on My Part that can contribute to that important Object, consistently with the Security of My Kingdoms, and with the faithful Performance of Engagements which We are bound equally by Interest and Honour to fulfil.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Estimates for the ensuing Year to be laid before you; and I have no Doubt that you will be ready to make a due Provision for the several Branches of the Public Service.

You will certainly join with Me in lamenting any Necessity for extraordinary Expences, which may, for a Time, prevent the Application of additional Sums, beyond those which are already Annually appropriated, to the Reduction of the Public Debt, or retard the Relief which My Subjects might have derived from a further Diminution of Taxes: But I am confident you will feel that those great Ends will ultimately be best promoted by such Exertions as are necessary for Our present and future Safety and Tranquillity; and it is a great Consolation to Me to reflect, that you will find ample Resources for effectually defraying the

Expence of vigorous Preparations, from the Excess of the actual Revenue beyond the ordinary Expenditure.

My Lords, and Gentlemen

I hove great Pleasure in acquainting you, that thft brilliant Successes of the British Arms in India, under the able Conduct of the Marquis Cornwallis, have led to the Termination of the War by an advantageous and honourable Peace, the Terms of which are peculiarly satisfactory to Me, from their Tendency to secure the future Tranquillity of the British Dominions in that Part of the World.

Your Attention will now naturally be directed to such Measures for the future Government , of those valuable Posessions, as shall appear, from Experience and faH Consideration, most likely to provide for their internal Prosperity, and to secure the important Advantages which may be derived from thence to the Commerce and Revenue of this Country.

I am persuaded that it will be the Object of your immediate Consideration to adopt such Measures as may be necessary, under the present Circumstances, for enforcing Obedience to the Laws, and for repressing every Attempt to disturb the Peace and Tranquillity of these Kingdoms.

You will be sensible how much depends on the Result of your Deliberations; and your uniform Conduct is the best Pledge that nothing will be wanting on your Part which can contribute to the present Security and permanent Advantage of the Country.

I retain a ideep and unalterable Sense of the repeated Proofs which I have received of your cordial and affectionate Attachment to Me; and I place an entire Reliance on the Continuance of those Sentiments, as well as on your firm Determination to defend and maintain that Constitution, which has so long protected the Liberties, and promoted the Happiness, of every Class of My Subjects.

In endeavouring to preserve, and to transmit to Posterity the inestimable Blessings which, under the Favour of Providence, you have yourselves experienced, you may be assured of My zealous and cordial Co-operation; and Our joint Efforts will, I doubt not, be rendered completely effectual, by the decided Support of a Free and Loyal People.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for posed, That an humble Address l»e presented to His Addws* on Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House, for His most Gracious Speech from the " Throne:

To assure His Majesty, that it would have afforded us the most sincere Satisfaction, if His Majesty could have announced to us the secure and undisturbed Continuance of all the Blessings, which His Majesty's Subjects have derived from a State of Tranquillity; but that we are fully sensible that Events have recently occurred, which must require our united Vigilance' and Exertion to preserve to this Country the Advantages which it has hitherto enjoyed:

That it has been impossible for us not to perceive, from our own Observation in different Parts of the Country, the increased Activity with which seditious Practices have of late been openly renewed:

That we learn with Concern, that not only a Spirit of Tumult and Disorder (the natural Consequence of such Practices) has shewn itself in Acts of Riot and Insurrection, which required the Interposition of a Military Force in Support of the Civil Magistrate, but that the Industry employed to excite Discontent has appeared to proceed from a Design to attempt, in Concert with Persons in Foreign Countries, the Destruction

33 Geo. III.

13° Decemb.

of our happy Constitution, and the Subversion of all Order and Government:

To express our Sense of the Temper and Prudence which have induced His Majesty to observe a strict Neutrality with respect to the War on the Continent, and uniformly to abstain from any Interference with respect to the internal Affairs of France; but, at the same Time, to assure His Majesty, that we cannot but participate in the just Uneasiness' with which His Majesty must observe any Indications of an Intention to excite Disturbances in other Countries, to disregard the Rights of Neutral Nations, and to pursue Views of Conquest and Aggrandizement, and particularly to adopt Measures towards His Majesty's Allies The States General, inconsistent with the Law of Nations, and the positive Stipulations of existing Treaties:

That the Circumstances, which His Majesty has been pleased to communicate to us, appear to have rendered it highly important, for the Safety and Interest of this Country, that His Majesty should have Recourse to those Measures of Prevention, and internal Defence, with which He is entrusted by Law:

That we sincerely hope that these Exertions, and the Steps which His Majesty has taken for augmenting His Naval and Military Eorce, will have the happy Tendency both to maintain internal Tranquillity, and to render a firm and temperate Conduct effectual for preserving the Blessings of Peace:

That His Majesty may, at the same Time, rely on our zealous Concurrence in such Measures as may prove to be necessary for the Security of these Kingdoms, and for the faithful Performance of our Engagements:

That we shall proceed to make such Provision as shall be requisite for the several Branches of the Public Service:

That we must indeed see, with the deepest Regret, any Necessity for extraordinary Expences, which may, for a Time, prevent the Application of additional Sums, beyond those already Annually appropriated to the Reduction of the Public Debt, or retard the Relief which His Majesty's Subjects might derive from a further Diminution of Taxes; but that we are fully aware that those great Ends (to which our Views must anxiously be directed) will themselves ultimately be best promoted by such vigorous and timely Exertions as may be necessary for our present and future Safety and Tranquillity; and that it will, undoubtedly, be a great Consolation to us to find, that the Excess of the actual Revenue, beyond the ordinary Expenditure, is such as to furnish ample Resources fordeiraying the Expence ofvigorous Preparations, if the Circumstances of the Time should render such Preparations requisite:

To offer to His Majesty our cordial Congratulations on the brilliant Successes of the British Arms in India, under the able Conduct of the Marquis Cornwallis, and on the Termination of the War in that Country by an advantageous and honourable Peace, which can, in no respect, be piore satisfactory than in its Tendency to secure the future Tranquillity of the British Dominions in that Part of the World: And to assure His Majesty, that we shall employ our utmost Attention, with a View to such Measures for the future Government of those valuable Possessions, as shall appear, from Experience and full Consideration, most likely to provide for their internal Prosperity, and to secure the important Advantages which may be derived from thence to the Commerce and Revenues of this Country:

To express the Zeal and Readiness with which we shall enter on the Consideration of any Measures which may appear to be necessary, under the present Circumstances, for enforcing Obedience to the Laws, and for repressing every Attempt to disturb the Peace and Tranquillity of these Kingdoms:

Vol. 48.

To beseech His Majesty to believe, that no Endeavours will be wanting, on our Part, which can contribute to the present Security and permanent Advantage of the Country: That we shall, on every Occasion, be anxious to manifest the Continuance of oUr dutiful and affectionate Attachment to His Majesty, as well as our firm Determination to defend and maintain that Constitution, which has so long protected the Liberties, and promoted the Happiness, of every Class of His Majesty's '

Subjects:

That, feeling it to be bur first and most essential Duty to preserve and transmit to Posterity the inestimable Blessings which, under the Favour of Providence, we have ourselves experienced, we receive, with the warmest Emotions of Gratitude, the gracious Assurances of His Majesty's zealous and cordial Co-operation; and we rely with Confidence on the decided Support of a Free ana Loyal People.

And a Member present, having taken the Oaths; Membej and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken takes Oath*; and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes i

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Word " Throne, " at the End of the First Paragraph, to the End of the Question, in order to insert these Words, " To express to His Majesty our most zealous Attachment to the excellent Constitution of this free Country, our Sense of the invaluable Blessings which we derive from it, and our unshaken Determination to maintain and preserve it:

" To assure His Majesty that, uniting with all His Majesty's faithful Subjects in these Sentiments of Loyalty to the Throne, and Attachment to the Constitution, we feel, in common with them, the deepest Anxiety and Concern when we see those Measures adopted by the Executive Government which the Law authorizes only in Cases of Insurrection within this Realm:

" That His Majesty's faithful Commons, assembled in a Manner new and alarming to the Country, think it their first Duty, and will make it their first Business, to inform themselves of the Causes of this Measure, being equally zealous to enforce a due Obedience to the Laws on the one Hand, and a faithful Execution of them on the other,*' instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words, proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for he

(Mr. Lambton, 1

Mr. Michael Angelo > 50.

TaylorJ So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Resolution His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of for Address this House, for His most gracious Speech from the Speech6 Throne:

To assure His Majesty, that it would have afforded us the most sincere Satisfaction, if His Majesty could have announced to us the secure and undisturbed Continuance of all the Blessings, which His Majesty's Subjects have derived from a State of Tranquillity; but that we are fully sensible that Events have recently occurred, which must require our united Vigilance and Exertion to preserve to this Country the Advantages which it has hitherto enjoyed:

That it has been impossible for us not to perceive, from bur own Observation in different Parts of the

C Country,

l3a — 14° Decembris.

A. 1792,

Country, ‘ the increased Activity with which seditious Practices have of late been openly renewed:

That we learn with Concern, that not only a Spirit of Tumult and Disorder (the natural Consequence of such Practices) has shewn itself in Acts of Riot and Insurrection, which required the Interposition of a Military Force in Support of the Civil Magistrate, but that the Industry employed to excite Discontent has appeared to proceed from a Design to attempt, in Concert with Persons in Foreign Countries, the Destruction of our happy Constitution, and the Subversion of all Order and Government:

To express our Sense of the Temper and Prudence which have induced His Majesty to observe a strict Neutrality with respect to the War on the Continent, and uniformly to abstain from any Interference with respect to the internal Affairs of Francebut, at the same Time, to assure His Majesty, that we cannot but participate in the just Uneasiness with which His Majesty must observe any Indications of an Intention to excite Disturbances in other Countries, to disregard the Rights of Neutral Nations, and to pursue Views of Conquest and Aggrandizement, and particularly to adopt Measures towards His Majesty's Allies The States General, inconsistent with the Law of Nations, and the positive Stipulations of existing Treaties:

That the Circumstances, which His Majesty has been pleased to communicate to us, appear to have rendered it highly important, for the Safety and Interest of this Country, that His Majesty should have Recourse to those Measures of Prevention, and internal Defence, with which He is entrusted by Law:

That we sincerely hope that these Exertions, and the Steps which His Majesty has taken for augmenting His Naval and Military Force, will have the happy Tendency both to maintain internal Tranquillity, and to render a firm and temperate Conduct effectual for preserving the Blessings of Peace:

That His Majesty may, at the same Time, rely on our zealous Concurrence in such Measures as may prove to be necessary for the Security of these Kingdoms, and for the faithful Performance of our Engagements:

That we shall proceed to make such Provision as shall be requisite for the several Branches of the Public Service:

That we must indeed see, with the deepest Regret, any Necessity for extraordinary Expences, which may, for a Time, prevent the Application of additional Sums, beyond those already Annually appropriated, to the Reduction of the Public Debt, or retard the Relief which His Majesty's Subjects might derive from a further Diminution of Taxes; but that we are fully aware that those great Ends (to which our Views must anxiously be directed) will themselves ultimately be best promoted by such vigorous and timely Exertions as may be necessary for our present and future Safety and Tranquillity; and that it will, undoubtedly, be a great Consolation to us to find, that the Excess of the actual Revenue, beyond the ordinary Expenditure, is SUch as to furnish ample Resources for defraying the Expence of vigorous Preparations, if the Circumstances of the Time should render such Preparations requisite:

To offer to His Majesty our cordial Congratulations on the brilliant Successes of the British Arms in India, under the able Conduct of the Marquis Cornwallis, and on the Termination of the War in that Country by an advantageous and honourable Peace, which can, in no Respect, be more satisfactory than in its Tendency to secure the future Tranquillity of the British Dominions in that Part of the World: And to assure His Majesty, that we shall employ our utmost Attention with a View to such Measures for the future Government of those valuable Possessions, as shall appear, from E xperience and full Consideration, most likely to

provide for their internal Prosperity, and to secure the important Advantages which may be derived from thence to the Commerce and Revenues of this Country:

To express the Zeal and Readiness with which we shall enter on the Consideration of any Measures which may appear to be necessary, under the present Circum* stances, for enforcing Obedience to the Laws, and for repressing every Attempt to disturb the Peace and Tranquillity of these Kingdoms:

To beseech His Majesty to believe, that no Endeavours will be wanting, on our Part, which can contribute to the present Security and permanent Advantage of the Country: That we shall, on every Occasion, be anxious to manifest the Continuance of our dutiful and affectiohate Attachment to His Majesty, as well as our firm Determination to defend and maintain that Constitution, which has so long protected the Liberties, and promoted the Happiness, of every Class of His Majesty's Subjects:

That, feeling it to be our first and most essential Duty to preserve and transmit to Posterity the inestimable Blessings which, under the Favour of Providence, we have ourselves experienced, we receive, with the warmest Emotions of Gratitude, the gracious Assurances of His Majesty's zealous and cordial Co-operation; and we rely with Confidence on the decided Support of a Free and Loyal People.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw Committee up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution: dre»*.UP

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Wallace , Mr. Secretary Dundas, the Lord Fielding, Mr. William Windham, the Master of the Rolls,

Mr. Attorney General, Lord Frederick Campbell, Captain Berkeley, Mr. Steele, Mr. Burke, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir George Howard, Mr. Rose, Mr. Jenkinson,

Mr. Pybus, the Lord Belgrave, Mr. Alderman Watson,

Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Charles Long, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Hood, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Henry Hobart, Sir George Jackson, Mr. Lygon, Sir Charles Morgan, Mr.

Serjeant Watson; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech King's to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Speech re. Committee.

And then the House, having continued to sit till Half an Hour after Three of the Clock on Friday Morning, adjourned till this Morning,

Eleven of the Clock.

Veneris, 14* die Decembris;

Anno 33° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Guldeford rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a Writ, new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Guldeford, in the County of Surrey, in the room of the Honourable Thomas Onslow, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Out Ranger of His' Majesty's Forest of Windsor.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Netheiton Dudley Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, ;,ul >Sc'ly and read; Setting forth, That in pursuance of the Powers granted by Three Acts of Parliament, made

ferred.

HI

People ton Inclosure Petition.

33 Geo. III. 14° Decembris* 7

in the Sixteenth, Twenty-fifth, and Thirtieth Years Ordered, 'that Leave be giveli to bring in a Bill,

of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

have made and completed a Navigable Canal from Mr. L and Mr. Foley do prepare, -and bring in,

the Stourbridge Canal Navigation to the Birmingham. the same.

and Birmingham and Faxcley Canal Navigation, at

or hear Tipton Green, in the County of Stafford', A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Exe- Ipswich and and that it appears, by Levels an^ Surveys lately cution certain Acts of Parliament, of the Sixth and Cleydon taken, that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Peth Barges, and other Vessels, may be conveniently made Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His pre-and 'extended, from the said Dudley Canal at Nether- sent Majesty, for repairing the Road from to

ton, in the Parish of Dudley, in the County of JVor-Cleydon, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the cester, through the several Parishes of Dudley, Rozcley County of Suffolk, was presented to the Hquse, and Regis, Halesowen, and Northfield, in the Counties of read; Setting forth, That a considerable Sum of Mo-

Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, respectively, *to join the ney hath been borrowed, and is now due, upon the Worcester and Birmingham Canal now making at or Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the near a Place called Selly Oak, in the Parish of North- said Roads, which cannot be paid off, and the said JielO aforesaid, and also Two Collateral Cuts or Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the Branches, to communicate with such intended Canal, said Acts be enlarged, and some further and other the one from or near a Place called Windmill End, in Powers given for those Purposes; and that there are the Parish of Rowley Regis aforesaid, to or near Baptist Two Pieces of Road communicating with the Roads End, in the Parish of Dudley aforesaid, and the othqr comprized in the said Acts, the one leading from the from or near a Place called Cabbage Hall, in the said End of Lanthorn Green through the Parishes of Parish of Dudley, to or near Spout Lane, in the Oakley, and Sturston, to the Place where the Inn Parish of Rowley Regis aforesaid; and that the mak- Road branches off for Palgrave and Botcsdale, and the ing and maintaining the said intended Canal and Col- other from The White Horse, in Hawleigh, to the Bounds lateral Cuts, with proper Railways and Roads to com- of the Parish of where the Road branches

municate therewith, will be of great Advantage to off for the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the said the Petitioners, and to the Country through which County, which are greatly out of Repair, and in some such Canal is intended to pass, by opening a Com- Parts very incommodious for Passengers and Car-munication with very extensive and valuable Mines of riages, and cannot be effectually amended and render-Coal and Iron-stone, which lie upon, or near to, the ed commodious by the ordinary Course of Law: And Line of such intended Canal and Collateral Cuts, and therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring by the Conveyance of Coal, Lime, Limestone, and in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Merchandize thereon, and the same will also be of enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, and for more

Seat Benefit to the City of Worcester, the Town of effectually amending and keeping in Repair the Two irmingham, and the several Towns of Halesowen, Pieces of new or additional Road herein before de-Bromsgroce, and Droitwich, by furnishing the said last scribed, in such Manner as the House shall think mentioned Places, as well as other Parts of the Coun- proper.

ties of Worcester and Warwick, with an additional Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Supply of Coals, and by the Conveyance of Goods Consideration of a Committee; And that they do exa-and Merchandize to and from the same, and other mine the Matter thereof j and report the same, as it Parts of the Kingdom, and will be of general Public shall appear to them, to the House:

Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be And it is referred to Sir John Rous, Sir Charles Bun-given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining bury, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts as aforesaid, ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; with proper Railways and other Roads to communicate and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Re-therewith, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, cords, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do Grand Com-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- sit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. mittees ap-amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it 150111 1

shall appear to them, to the House: OrdThat the Grand, Committee for Grievances And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Edward Foley, do sit every Thursday in the Afternoon in the House;

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and nave Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. Justice do sit every Saturday in the Afternoon* in the

House.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands, Tythes, Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do and Hereditaments, within the Parish of Peopleton« sit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap- Committee of said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Com- pointed. Privileges

mons, and Waste Lands, distinguished by the Names of And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Henry Hobart, ai)poinle Peopleton Fields and The Furzes; and that the Peti- Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Orde, tioners Lands in the said Fields are dispersed and inter- Mr. Minchin, Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Mr,

mixed in small Parcels, and, in their present State, Duncombe, Mr. Howard,' Mr. Grey, Mr. Yorke, Mr; incapable of Improvement, and it would be very ad- Murray, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Secretary at vantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Persons War, Mr. Glover, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solid-interested therein, if the said Fields and Lands were for General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. divided, inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted. Rolle, Mr. Steele, Mr. JFbx, Sir William Daiben, Mr. amongst the several Persons interested therein, in Pro- Secretary Dundas, Mr. Rose, Sir George Howard, Sir portion to their respective Properties: And therefore Charles Morgan, Sir Charles Mr. Serjeant

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Watson, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Windham, Mr/ for that Purpose, subject to such Alterations as to the Ellis, Sir and all the Gentlemen of the House shall seem meet. Long Robe; and all the Merchants in the House:

Vol. 48.. And

Other Orders

made.

8 14 0 DecembfiA. 1792.

And they afe to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to sit every Friday, and

Monday, in the Afternoon; and all who- come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may Come in Question, touching Privileges; and to feport their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Titne; and the Committee are to have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege' of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons, who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, by the Renewal of Petitions, which were depending before this House at the End of the last Session of Parliament, do question the same within the Time limited for the Forfeiture of the Recognizances, in case such Petitions shall not be renewed, as mentioned in an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament;" and that all other Persons, who will question any Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do question the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Return or Election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by. Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

_ Resolved, That, in all Cases of Controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners

do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lists, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lists, on their Part, to the Petitioners or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger, or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while J,he House, or any Committee of the whole House, is sitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speakers Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is sitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do see the same put

in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in „

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed

by

33 Geo. III. 14 0 Decembris.9

by the Post Master General, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays ex-, cepted, constantly attend from Ten of the Clock in the

Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Rising of the House; and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters, and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members sending for the same.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered, and that no 'Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post Master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the same; and acquaint the Hohse, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ot'dered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give. Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the same.

Orders in Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by Council, &c. jjs Majesty's Command,

CornCpre? N® l. Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council presented. hibiting the Exportation of Wheat, and Wheat Flour, until the 1st of March 1793; dated 9th November 1792: And also,

N° 2. Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council prohibiting the Exportation of Barley, Beer, or Bigg, or Meal, Flour, Malt, Bread, or Biscuit made of Barley, Beer, or Bigg, until the 1st of March 1793; dated 5th December 1792: And also,

N° 3. Copy Representation of the Mayor and Ma-

fistrates of the Town and County of Newcastle upon 'ync, respecting the present State of Bread Corn, and 1 particularly of Rye, in that Town and Neighbour-

hood.

I Together with a List of the said Papers.

I And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other i Papers of this Session.

| Resolution Resolved, That whenever several Petitions complain-! un^ue Elections and Returns, shall be renewed

newed Elec- *n ^is Session of Parliament, and shall be delivered in tion Peti- together at the Table, the said Petitions shall be read tions. in the Order in which they were directed to be taken into Consideration in the last Session.

And several Petitions being accordingly delivered in at the Table, the same weVe read, by the Clerk, in the following Order; viz.

Ludgersball A Petition of Nathaniel Newnham, Esquire, was read; — Petition of Setting forth, That, at the late Election for a Mem- Mr. Newn- ber to serve in the present Parliament for the Borough ham. of Ludgershalt, in the County of Wilts, in the room of George Augustus Selwyn, Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner, and Samuel Smith, Esquire, were Candidates; Vol. 48.

and that at the said Election a great Majority of legal Votes were offered in Favour of the Petitioner, but the Reverend John Selwyn, who acted as the Bailiff and Returning Officer of the said Borough at the said Election, shewed great Partiality towards the other Candidate, and not only received the Votes of a great Number of Persons on the Poll, in Favour of the said Samuel Smith, who had no Right to vote at the said Election, but also rejected a great Number of legal Votes which were tendered in Favour of the Petitioner, by which Means a colourable Majority appeared on the Poll in Favour of the said Samuel Smith, and the said John Selwyn accordingly hath returned the said Samuel Smith as duly elected, whereas the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into their Consideration, and grant such Relief to the Petitioner therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 24th Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of Joseph Foster Barham, and George Por- stockbridge ter, Esquires, was read; Setting forth, That, at the Election-last Election of Two Representatives to serve in Par- Petition of liament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County anj p, of Hants, the Petitioners, John Cator, and John Scott, ter. Esquires, were Candidates, and the Bailiff of the said Borough for the Time being, duly elected and qualified, is Returning Officer for the said Borough; and that, at the said Election, one William Newman took upon himself the Office of Bailiff and Returning Officer for the said Borough, without being duly qualified for the Exercise thereof according to Law, and the said William Newman acted with the greatest Partiality in Favour of the said John Cator and John Scott, and against the Petitioners; and that, at and before the Election, the said John Cator and John Scott, by themselves and their Agents, were guilty of various Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and did, by themselves and their Agents, by Gifts, Promises, and Rewards, procure, and endeavour to procure, a great many of the Electors to vote for the said John Cator and John Scott, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioners; and that, by those and other undue and illegal Means, a colourable Majority was procured for the said John Cator and John Scott over the Petitioners, and the said William Newman hath returned the said John Cator and John Scott as duly elected, whereas the Petitioners had a Majority of legal Votes tendered for them, and were duly elected, and ought to have been returned; and that one John Churcher illegally, and without any due Authority for intermeddling in the Return of Members for the said Borough, hath also made a Return of the said John Cator and John Scott, as being duly elected Members for the said Borough: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, thq 29th Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are stockbridge thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and Election — others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Stock- £®tltion of bridge, in the County of Southampton, was also read; ectors-Setting forth, That the Petitioners had a right to vote at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough,

Joseph Foster Barham, George Porter, John Cator, and

D

Address reported.

10 14® Lkcembri, A, 1792.

John Scott, Esquires, were Candidates, and, at such Election, William Newman took upon himself the Office of Bailiff and Returning Officer for the said Borough, without having been sworn into the said Office, and without being duly qualified for the Exercise thereof according to Law, and did return the said John Cator and John Scott as duly' elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; and that one John Churcher likewise illegally assumed to him-

self the Office of Bailiff and Returning Officer of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and did also return the said John Color and John Scott as duly elected Members to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the Petitioner? conceiving the said Willliam Newman and John Churcher to be disqualified to take a Poll, and make a proper Return of Members to serve in Parliament, declined to give their Votes before them; and that the said John Cator and John Scott w ere not duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

' Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

t

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave, to return Your Majesty our hearty Thanks, for Your most Gracious Speech from the Throne.

It would have afforded us the most sincere Satisfaction if Your Majesty could have announced to us the secure and undisturbed Continuance of all the Blessings, which Your Majesty's Subjects have derived from a State of Tranquillity; but we are fully sensible that Events have recently occurred, which must require- our united Vigilance and Exertion to preserve to this Country the Advantages which it has hitherto enjoyed.

It has been impossible for us not to perceive, from our own Observation in different Parts of the Country,

the increased Activity with which seditious Practices have of late been openly renewed; and we learn, with Concern, that not only a Spirit of Tumult and Disorder (the natural Consequence of such Practices) has shewn itself in Acts of Riot and Insurrection, which required the Interposition of a Military Force in Support of the Civil Magistrate, but that the - 8

Industry employed to excite Discontent has appeared to proceed from a Design to attempt, in Concert with Persons in Foreign Countries, the Destruction of our happy Constitution, and the Subversion of all Order and Government.

We entertain a just Sense of the Temper and Prudence which have induced Your Majesty to observe a strict Neutrality with respect to the War on the Continent, and uniformly to abstain from any Interference in the internal Affairs of Fr;but, at the same Time, we cannot but participate in the just Uneasiness with which Your Majesty must observe any Indications of an Intention to excite Disturbances in other Countries, to disregard the Rights of Neutral Nations, and to pursue Views of Conquest and Aggrandize- ( ment, and particularly to adopt Measures towards Your Majesty's Allies The States General, inconsistent with the Law of Nations, and the positive Stipulations of existing Treaties.

The Circumstances, which Your Majesty has been pleased to communicate to us, appear to have rendered it highly important, for the Safety and Interest of this Country, that Your Majesty should have Recourse to those Measures of Prevention, and internal Defence, with which Your Majesty is entrusted by Law.

We sincerely hope that these Exertions, and the Steps which Your Majesty has taken for augmenting Your Naval and Military Force, will have the happy Tendency both to maintain internal Tranquillity, ana to render a firm and temperate Conduct effectual for preserving the Blessings of Peace.

Your Majesty may, at the same Time, rely on our zealous Concurrence in such Measures as may prove to be necessary for the Security of these Kingdoms, and for the faithful Performance of our Engagements.

We shall proceed to make such Provisions as shall be requisite for the several Branches of the Public Service.

We must indeed see, with the deepest Regret, any Necessity for extraordinary Expences, which may prevent the Application of additional Sums, beyond those already Annually appropriated, to the Reduction of the Public Debt, or retard the further Relief which Your Majesty's Subjects might derive from a Diminution of Taxes; but we are fully aware that those great Ends (to which our Views must anxiously be directed) will themselves ultimately be best promoted by such vigorous and timely Exertions ' as may be necessaij for our present and future Safety and Tranquillity; and it will, undoubtedly, be a great Consolation to us to find, that the Excess of the actual Revenue, beyond the ordinary Expenditure, is such as to furnish ample Resources for effectually defraying the Expences of vigorous Preparations, if the Circumstances of the Time should render such Preparations requisite.

We beg Leave to offer to Your Majesty our cordial Congratulations on the brilliant Successes of the British Arms in India, under the able Conduct of the Marquis Cornwallis, and on the Termination of the War in that Country by an. advantageous and honourable Peace, which can, in no Respect, be more satisfactory than in its Tendency to secure the future Tranquillity of the British Dominions in that Part of the World: We shall not foil to employ our utmost Attention, with a View to taking such Measures for the future Government of those valuable Possessions, as shall appear, from Experience and full Consideration, most likely to provide for their internal Prosperity, and to secure the important Advantages which may be derived from thence to the Commerce and Revenue of this Country.

Your Majesty may depend upon the Zeal and Readiness with which we shall enter on the Consideration of any Measures which may appear to be necessary,

under

(louse interrupted:

Address agreed to.

King's Speech to 1 considered.

under the present Circumstances, for enforcing Obedience to the Laws, and for repressing every Attempt to disturb the Peace and Tranquillity of these Kingdoms: And we beseech Your Majesty to believes, that no Endeavours will be wanting, on our Part, which can contribute to the present Security and permanent Advantage of the Country.

We shall, on every Occasion, be anxious to manifest the Continuance of our dutiful and affectionate Attachment to Your Majesty, as well as our firm Determination to defend and maintain that Constitution, which has so long protected the Liberties, and promoted the Happiness, of every Class of Your Majesty's Subjects.. Feeling it to be our first and most essential Duty to preserve and transmit to Posterity the inestimable Blessings which, under the Favor of Providence, we have ourselves experienced.

We receive, with the warmest Emotions of Gratitude, the gracious Assurances of Your Majesty's zealous and cordial Co-operation; and we rely with Confidence on the decided Support of a Free and Loyal People.

The said Address being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, after the Words "existing Treaties," at the End of the Fourth Paragraph, these Words, " trusting " that Your Majesty will employ every Means of " Negociation, consistent with the Honour and " Safety of this Country, to avert the Calamities of " War

And a Member having frequently, and in a loud and disorderly Manner, disturbed the House, and interrupted the Members speaking in the Debate:

Mr. Speaker directed the Standing Order of the House, of the 22d Day of January 1693, "That no " Member of this House do presume to make any " Noise or Disturbance, whilst any Member shall be " orderly debating, or whilst any Bill, Order, or other " Matter, shall be in reading or opening: And, in " case of such Noise or Disturbance, that Mr. Speaker " do call upon the Member, by Name, making such " Disturbance: And that every such Person shall " incur the Displeasure and Censure of the House," to be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the Question being put, That the Words " trusting that Your Majesty will employ every Means " of Negociation, consistent with the Honour and " Safety of this Country, to avert the Calamities of " War," be inserted in the said Address;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Address was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by die whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He will be attended by this Home.

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 48.

Sabbati, 15* die Decembris;

Anno 33° Georgii III*'1 Regis, 1792. Prayers.

THE Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty's Pleasure when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, at Half an Hour after Two of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

A Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, who claims to be an Elector of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, on the 9th Day of March, in the Year 1791, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Charles Mellish and John Amt rut her, Esquires, and also, the Petition of several other Persons, Freeholders of Burgage Tenure, within the said Borough of Pontefract, and, as such, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, reported to this House, that it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the said Petitions did wholly depend upon the Right of Election, and that, therefore, the said Committee had required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements, in Writing, of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended: That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said Petitioners Charles Mellish and John Anstruther, and the said other Persons, delivered in a Statement, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, as follows: — " That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ponttfract, in the County of York, is in Persons having " within the said Borough, a Freehold of Burgage " Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent ;" that the Counsel for the sitting Members John Smyth and William -therm. Esquires, also delivered in a Statement as follows " The Counsel for the sitting Members state " the Right of Election for the Borough of Pontefract " to be in the Inhabitants -Householders, Resiants That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee reported, that they had determined, " That " the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the Borough " of Pontefract, in the County of York'" that, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee reported, that they had determined, " That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is the RigHt " of Election for the said Borough of Pontfract;" and that the Petitioner is advised, and trusts he can maintain, that the Judgment of the said Select Committee reported to the House, touching the different Rights of Election contained in the said Statements, is erroneous,

and

The King appoints to be attended by the House.

King's Speech considered.

Motion for a Supply.

To be considered in a Committee.

Mr. Walsh's Petition respecting the Right of Election for Pontefract.

Electors Petition respecting the Eight of Election for Pontefract.

12 1 5° DecembriA. 1792.

and that the Right of Election which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough: And therefore the Petitioner, to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive, prays, That he may be admitted a Party, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case lately made and provided, to oppose that Right of Election, in Favour of which the said Select Committee hath reported as above set forth; and that the Petitioner may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of his Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 31st Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who claim to be Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, was also delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, on the 9th Day of March, in the Year 1791, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Charles and John

Anstruther, Esquires, and also, the Petition of several of the Petitioners, and other Persons, Freeholders of Burgage Tenure within the said Borough of Pontefract, and, as such. Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, reported to this House, that it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the said Petitions did wholly depend upon the Right of Election, and that, therefore, the said Committee had required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements, in Writing, of the Right of Election for vrhich they respectively contended: That in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said Petitioners, Charles Mellish and,

and the said other Persons, delivered in a Statement, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, as follows — " That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, is in Persons having, " within the said Borough, a Freehold of Burgage " Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent;" that the Counsel for the Sitting Members John Smyth and William ron, Esquires, also delivered in a Statement as follows — "The Counsel for the Sitting Members state " the Right of Election for the Borough of Pontefract, "to be in the Inhabitants Householders, Resiants That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee reported, that they had determined, "That the " Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, " is not the Right of Election for the Borough of " Pontefract, in the County of York;" that, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee reported, that they had determined, " That the Right of Election,

as set forth in the said Statement, is the Right of " Election for the said Borough of Pontefract;" and that the Petitioners are advised, and trust they can maintain, that the Judgment of the said Select Committee reported to the House, touching the different Rights of Election contained in the said Statements, is erroneous, and that the Right of Election which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough: And therefore, to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive, praying, That they may be admitted Parties, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case lately made and provided, to oppose that Right of Election in Favour of which the said Select Committee have reported as above set forth, and that the Peti-

tioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of their Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same Time that the preceding Petition is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petitions, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Pontefract, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Four of the Clock this Afternoon.

Post Meridiem.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty this Day, with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you My warmest Thanks for this loyal and affectionate Address; and I receive, with peculiar Satisfaction, the Assurances of your Attachment to Me, and of your Determination zealously to concur in such Measures as may be necessary for the Security of these Kingdoms, and for the faithful Performance of Our Engagements.

'Your Public Declaration of these Sentiments cannot fail to produce the happiest Effects in the present important Conjuncture.

A Petition of John Seale, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the last General Election for Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, the Right Honourable John Charles Villiers, Edmund Bastard, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates;. and that the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard were, by themselves, their Friends, and Agents, previous to, and during the Time of, the said Election, guilty of several Acts of Bribery, by giving and distributing to many of the Voters, and promising to many others of them, pecuniary and other Gifts and Rewards, in order to induce the said Voters to vote for the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard at the said Election; and that William Hunt, who acted as Mayor and Returning Officer at the said Election, behaved with great Partiality in Favour of the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard, by rejecting a great Number of legal Votes which were tendered for the Petitioner, and admitting a great many illegal Votes in Favour of the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard, whereby, and by other undue Means and Influence, a colourable Majority was procured for the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard who have been returned by the said William Hunt duly elected, whereas the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal Votes over both the said John Charles Villiers and Edmund Bastard, was duly elected, and ought to have been returned as one of the Burgesses to serve in Parliament

for

King's Answer to Address.

Clifton Dartmouth Hardness Election — Petition of Mr. Seale.

Motion for Address for a Minister to be sent to Paris.

House interrupted.

for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 5th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Motion was made, and the Question being: proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions that a Minister may be sent to Paris, to treat with those Persons who exercise provisionally the Functions of Executive Government in France, touching such Points as may be in Discussion between His Majesty and His Allies and the French Nation.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Thomas Whitmoi'e, Esquire, Member for the Member who, Yesterday, disturbed the Proceedings of the House, having again this Day, in a very disorderly Manner, frequently interrupted a Member who was speaking in the Debate: Mr. Speaker stated to the House, how much he was concerned to find himself under the Necessity of putting into Execution the Standing Order of the House, which he had Yesterday directed to be read; but that be was now compelled to Name the Member that had given this Interruption. — Mr. Speaker accordingly called upon Mr. Whitmore by his Name; upon which Mr. Whitmore was directed to withdraw.

And he withdrew accordingly.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Whitmore be called in, and be for his said Offence reprimanded by Mr. Speaker in his Place;

After some Debate, a Member acquainted the House that, having had an Opportunity of speaking with the Member who was withdrawn, the said Member had expressed great Regret for. having transgressed the Orders of the House, and had authorized him to acquaint the House, That he is extremely sorry, for his Offence, and to assure the House, that upon no Occasion his Behaviour should again be such as to incur the Censure of the House.

Whereupon Mr. Speaker submitted to the House, that he trusted they would, at all Times, be extremely careful to pay the strictest Attention to the Observance of their Orders, so necessary for conducting the Business of the Public with Regularity and Effect, and so essential to the Maintenance of their own Honour and Dignity: That he would remind the House of their Orders, whenever he saw Occasion, and enforce them to the utmost of his Power, as the Duty of his Station required; in doing which he had no Doubt of receiving the Support and Approbation of the House: That however, in the present Case, he submitted to the House w'hether they would not be pleased to take into their Consideration the Information which had been given by the Honourable Member who spoke last.

(Upon the Information before mentioned, and the Apology which Mr. Whitmore had autho-Vol. 48.

rized the Member to make, and in consequence of what Mr. Speaker had now said, the House consented that the Motion made for calling in and reprimanding Mr. Whitmore should be withdrawn.)

And the said Motion was accordingly, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And Notice was given to the Member who was withdrawn that he might return to his Place in the House.

Then the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions that a-Minister may be sent to Paris, to treat with those Persons who exercise provisionally the Functions of Executive Government in France, touching such Points as may be in Discussion between His Majesty and His Allies and the French Nation;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lurue, 1T die Decembris;

Anno 33* Georgii III. M Regis, 1792. Prayers.

RDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And. the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Cliair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Cliair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of William Bryant, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shaf 'tston, otherwise Shaftsbury in the County of Dorset, Charles Duncombe, William Grant, Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquires, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, previous to the Poll, the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, by themselves and their Agents, were guilty of many gross and- notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption, whereby many of the Voters were influenced to give their Votes for the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, and by such unlawful means, and by the Threats and Promises, and divers other corrupt and unwarrantable Practices and Proceedings of the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, their Agents and Abettors, they have procured themselves to be unduly returned to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough, and of the Rights of Election; and that the Returning Officer, omitted to give due and

E legal

Motion for Address for a Minister to be sent to Paris.

Neg.

Committee to consider of the Motion for a Supply.

Shaftesbury Election — Petition of Mr. Bryant.

14

17° Decembris.

A. 1792.

legal Notice of the Election, by proclaiming the Writ or Precept at Midnight, when the Inhabitants were chiefly in their Beds, and a great many of them residing near Half a Mile from the Place of Proclamation; and that the said Returning Officer made no subsequent Proclamation of the said Writ or Precept, but, conscious that such his Conduct had been illegal and improper, he had it proclaimed the ensuing Day that such Proclamation had been made the previous Night; and that Waller Whitaker, Esquire, the Recorder of the said Borough, and by virtue of such Office one of the perpetual Magistrates thereof, and the avowed Agent of the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, did, previously to the Dissolution of the late Parliament, openly, with the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, bargain for the Votes of the Electors of the said Borough, and did otherwise, in his said Office of Magistrate, exercise undue Influence in order to obtain the Suffrages of the Electors of the said Borough in Favour of the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, contrary to the just Rights of Election, and to the fundamental Rights of the Constitution; and that the said Returning Officer appeared to be governed by the said Recorder during the Course of such Election, and admitted many Persons to poll for the Sitting Members who were not duly qualified to vote, and rejected the legal Votes of other Persons, who tendered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioner, and the said Returning Officer acted in other Respects with great Partiality; and that the Petitioner conceives he had a Majority of the legal and uncorrupted Votes at the said Election, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant unto the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 12th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Importation and " Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty " on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on " British Corn exported," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrow- Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That the several Papers which were presented to the House, upon Friday last, by Mr. Secretary Dundas, by His Majesty's Command, be referred to the said Committee.

Petition A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount

respecting Midleton, the Honourable William Brodrick, and Charles

Election for* Townshend, Esquire, Electors of Members to serve in

Ludgarshall. Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Wilts, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, by a late Resolution of a

7

Corn Act to be considered.

Select Committee of this House, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of John Drummond and Drummond, Esquires, and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgarshall, in the County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, and which, on the 15th Day of April, 1791, was by them reported to the House, the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough was declared to be " in such Persons who have any Estate of Inheritance, or Freehold,

" or Leasehold, determinable upon life or Lives,

" within the said Borough, not confined to entire " ancient Houses, or the entire Scites of ancient Houses,

" within the said Boroughand that the Petitioners are not satisfied with the said Resolution, and are desirous of being admitted Parties to oppose the said Right of Election, and to have the Benefit of the Statute in that. Behalf made and provided: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 7th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, ort the Hearing the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr.

Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Ludgershall, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Ludgershall Friday last, for taking into Consideration, upon de_

day, the 24th Day of January next, the Petition of ferre<i. Nathaniel Neumham, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 28th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties; with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Warwick thereunto subscribed, all legal Voters of the Borough jpe?tion — of Warwick, in die County of Warwick, on Behalf of votere!* ° themselves, and many other Electors of the said Borough, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners are all legal Voters for the said Borough, and that, at the last Election for the said Borough of Warwick, the Honourable George and Robert Knight, Esquire, were Candidates, and George Cattell was the Returning Officer for the said

Borough; and that the said George Villiers, at and before the said Election, was, by himself and Agents, guilty of various Acts of Bribery and Corruption, and did, by himself and his Agents, bribe and corrupt a great many Electors of the said Borough to vote for him, the said George Villiers, at the said Election, and the said George Cattell was the avowed Agent and Partizan of the said George Villiers at the said

33 Geo. III.

17° — 18° Decembris.

15

said Election, and did, at the said Election, partially, illegally, and unjustly, admit to poll for the said George Villiers a great Number of Persons not qualified, by the Constitution of the said Borough, to vote, and also received to poll for the said George Villiers a great Number of Persons who were otherwise incapacitated by Law from giving their Votes, whereby a colourable Majority was procured on the Poll in Favour of the said George Villiers, to the manifest Prejudice of the said Robert Knight, of the Petitioners, and the other legal Voters who polled for him; and the said Returning Officer did, at the Close of the Poll, declare the stud George Villiers to be duly elected, whereas the said Robert Knight had a Majority of legal Voters at (he said Election, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 34th Day of January next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Coun--sel, or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Complaint of Complaint being made to the House of a printed a printed Pa- paper> intituled, " One Pennyworth of Truth, from **' " Thomas Bull to his Brother John," printed by John

Stockdale, Piccadilly, 1792, as being a scandalous Libel, tending to produce Tumults and Disorders;

Question for And the Question being put. That the said Paper be delivering it delivered in at the Table, and read;

6‘ It passed in the Negative.

in

Shaftesbury

Election — Petition of Mr. Mortimer.

said Returning Officer, during the Course of the Election, admitted many Persons to poll for the Sitting Members, who were not duly qualified to vote, and rejected the legal Votes of other Persons who tendered their Votes in favour of the Petitioner, and the said Returning Officer acted in other Respects with great Partiality; and that the Petitioner conceives he had a Majority of the legal and uncorrupted Votes at the said Election, and was duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant unto the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the x 2th Day of February next, at the same time that the Petition of William Bryant, Esquire, is ordered to be taken into Consideration. Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel or Agents, at the Time on which the said Petition was . ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That at the late Election for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shaston, otherwise Shaftsbury, in the County of DCharles Duncombe,

and William Grant, Esquires, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, previous to the Poll, the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, by themselves and their Agents, were guilty of many gross and notorious Acts of Bribery and Corruption, whereby many of the Voters were influenced to give their Votes for the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, and by such unlawful Means, and by the Threats and Promises, and divers other corrupt and unwarrantable Practices and Proceedings, of the said Charles Duncombe and William Grant, their Agents and Abettors, they have procured themselves to be unduly retimed to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough; and that the Returning Officer omitted to give due and legal Notice of the Election, by proclaiming the Writ at Midnight, when the Inhabitants were in their Beds, and a great part of them Half a Mile from the Place of Proclamation, and the said Returning Officer, conscious that such his Conduct had been illegal and improper, sent the Corporation Crier, or some other Person, round, the next Day, to give Notice that there would be on the Friday following an Election for Members to serve in Parliament; and that (lie Vox. 48,

Martis, 18* die Decembris',

Anno 330 Georgii III,a Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

D E SO LV E D, That this House will receive no Time limited Petitions for Private Bills after the 22d Day of (or receiving February next. PetIt,ous-

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report from from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Committee was referred to consider of the Motion made upon f"r a Supply* Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had reported him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Committee of ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Supply ap-House, to consider jof the Supply granted to His t)01,ted‘ Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Estimates, Navy, for the Year 1793; with an Estimate of the &c- ordered. Half-pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the ^dinar^--Officers of the Marines as were employed in the last y'

War, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what Extra Navy, may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-building?, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty's Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and

Tear

18° Decembris,

16 18° Dece. A. 1792.

Robert were duly elected, and ought to have been returned, as Members to represent the said Borough in this Parliament, but that George Gentleman, the Mayor and Returning Officer of the said Borough, behaved himself with great Partiality in Favour of the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North, by admitting several Persons to poll for them who had been illegally and unduly admitted to the Freedom of the said Borough, and who had therefore no Right to vote at the said Election, and by admitting several other Persons to poll for the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North, who had not been assessed to, and had not paid, the Church and Poor Rates, assessed and levied in the Parish in which the said Borough is situate, and who, therefore, had no Right to vote at the said Election, and by rejecting several Persons who had a Right to vote at the said Election, and who then and there tendered their Votes for the said Wesley Pole and Robert;

and that several of the Persons, who gave their Votes at the said Election for the said John Harrison and of the Year 1792, have been disposed of; distinguished Dudley Long North, received Bribes and Rewards, or

Promises of Bribes and Rewards, or made corrupt and illegal Agreements, to give their Votes for some of the Candidates at the said Election; and that the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North were, by themselves and Agents, guilty of Bribery and other corrupt Practices at the said Election, by Means w hereof the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North were returned as duly elected, to the great Violation of the Rights of the said Petitioners, and of the other Electors Several Petitions, complaining of undue Elections of the said Borough: And therefore praying, That they and Returns, being delivered in at the Table, the same may be heard, by their Counsel, and have such Relief in were read, by the Clerk, in the following Order; the Premises, as the House shall think proper viz. Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

Grimsby A Petition of the Honourable William Wesley Pole, sideration at the same Time that the preceding Petition Election and Robert Wood, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1793, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces for the Year 1793, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1793, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half-pay, for the Year 1793, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1793, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, and ed, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this

provided r ' 1

House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing how the Monies, given for the Service

under their several Heads.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, List, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council. ~

Guards and Garrisons.

Ordnance

Reduced

Officers.

Chelsea Out Pensioners.

Services in curred, and not for. Disposition of Grants.

Mr! Pole°and That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Mr. Wood. Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, the Petitioners, the said William Wesley Pole and Robert TVood, and John Harrison, Esquire, and Dudley Long North, Esquire, were Candidates; and that in the Course of the said Election George Woolmer, Gentleman, Mayor of the said Bo-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

Grimsby Election-Petition of Electors.

A Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, was‘ read; Cricklade rough, who presided as Returning Officer at the said Setting forth, That at the late Election of Members Election-Election, behaved himself with the greatest Partiality to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Cricklade, P*1*1'90 in Favour of the said John Harrison and Dudley Long in the County of TVills, Thomas Estcourt, Esquire, John r" etne' North, by rejecting the Votes of several Persons who JValker Heneage, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were had a Right to vote at the said Election, and who Candidates; and that the Precept for the said Election then and there tendered their Votes for the said having been delivered to the Returning^ Officer for William JVesley Pole and Robert Wwd, and by admitting the said Borough, about Half after One o'Clock in on the Poll for the said John Harrison and Dudley Long the Afternoon of Tuesday, the 15th Day of June, 1790,

North the Votes of several Persons who had no Right the said Returning Officer soon afterwards gave Notice to vote at the said Election, and that by Reason there- that he should proceed to the Election on Wednesday, of the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North the 23d Day of June following, and accordingly he were returned as duly elected for the said Borough, not- did proceed to the said Election on the said Day, be-withstanding the said William Wesley Pole and Robert tween the Hours of Ten and Eleven in the Forenoon;

and that a Poll having been demanded, the same immediately commenced, and the Poll Book was kept open till Four o'Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, and for more than Eight Hours on the Day following, when 304 Freeholders, in the Hundreds of Highroorth,

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- Cricklade, Staple, Kingsbridge, and Malmesbury, who sideration upon Thursday, the 14th Day of February derive a Right, under the Act of the Twenty-second next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. of His present Majesty, to vote at every Election of a

A Petition of Christopher Clayton, the Reverend Burgess, or Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the William Smelle, and William Bell, Electors of Members said Borough of Cricklade, were admitted to vote, and

accordingly voted at the said Election; and that when the Petitioner, his Counsel, and Friends, left the Hustings on the Close of the First Day's Poll, there had been no regular Adjournment of the said Poll by Proclamation, or otherwise, and he has been informed, and believes, that no such Adjournment that Day was afterwards made; and that the

Wood had a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, and have such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think proper;

to serve, in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, on behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth, That, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Great Grimsby, the Honourable William Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood, Esquire, John Harrison,

Esquire, and Dudley Long North, Esquire, were Can- Numbers, upon the Close of the Second Day's Poll, dictates; and that the said William Wesley Pole, and wCre, for the said Thomas Estcourt 246, for the said John

Walker

on

Cricklade Election — Petition of Inhabitants.

Walker Heneage 194, and for the Petitioner 111, which Numbers the Returning Officer having declared, adjourned the Poll till the next Morning at Nine o'Clock, at the same time giving Notice, that the Poll Book would then be again opened to receive the further Suffrages of the Voters; and that on the succeeding Day, tfist, on Friday, the 25th Day of June 1790, the said Returning Officer again declared the Numbers on the Poll to have been the same as on the preceding Evening he had declared they were, and, further declared, that the said Thomas and the said John

Walker Heneage were duly elected, and has since returned them as duly elected, to cerve in the present Parliament foF the said Borough; and that it was expressly stated at the time by the Petitioner, and by his Counsel, and clearly understood by every Person present, that there was neither Agreement nor Compromise between the Parties, but that each Candidate, and every Elector, was at Liberty to act afterwards as Pacts and Circumstances might warrant; and that, previous to and during the Poll at the said Election, the said Thomas Estcourt, and the said John Walker Heneage, by themselves, and by their Agents, were

fulty of many Acts of Bribery, and allowed to the lectors of the said Borough, Money, Meat, Drink, Entertainment, and Provision,. by which Means, by Threats, by Promises, _ and by other corrupt Practices and Proceedings, the said Thomas Estcourt, and the said John Walker' Heneage have procured themselves to be

unduly returned to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough, to the manifest Injury of the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough, and of the Commons of England: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant to him such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 19th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the Inhabitants, possessing Houses within the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, who, by immemorial Custom and Usage, have a Right to vote at all Elections for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was also read; Setting forth, That, at the late Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, which was proceeded to on Wednesday the 23d Day of June 1790, Samuel Petrie, Thomas Estcourt, and John Walker Heneage, Esquires, were Candidates; and that a Poll having been demanded, the Returning Officer adjourned the Proceedings from the Church, where the' Acts of Parliament had been read, and the Candidates nominated, to Hustings, which had been erected under the Market House, where the Poll soon after commenced; and that, only one Poll. Clerk having been appointed, agreeable to the Practice at all former Elections in the said Borough, with Check Clerks for the Candidates, the Returning Officer, to prevent Confusion from the Crowds who attended this Election, all being equally anxious to get to the Books, directed that, of the Two Classes of Voters, the Freeholders in the adjoining Hundreds, who, under the Act of the Twenty-second of His present Majesty, commonly called the Cricklade Act, have a Right to vote at all Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, should ba polled before the Inhabitants, and, in consequence of these Directions of the Returning Officer, only the aforesaid Freeholders were admitted to the Books to vote either on' the First or on the Second Day's Poll; and that, upon the Close of the Second Day's Poll, on Thursday the 24th Day of June 1790, the Returning Officer, having declared the Numbers to have been for the said Samuel Petrie ill, for the said Thomas Estcourt 246, and for the said John Walker Heneage 194, adjourned the Poll to the next Morning at Nine o'Clock, at the same Time Von. 48.

giving Notice, that it would then be again opened to receive the further Suffrages of the Voters; and that the Petitioners believing, from the Number of Freeholders who. had voted, and from the Exertions that had been made on the aforesaid Two Days Poll to bring forward the Friends of the said John Walker Heneage, that the Strength of the Interest of that Gentleman was nearly exhausted, and that no Confusion could have arisen from the Borough Voters being polled on the Third Day, had, with many others the Inhabitants of the said Borough, resolved then to have demanded this Right, but upon appearing before the Hustings for this Purpose on the Morning of the said Third Day, viz.on Friday the 25th Day of June 1790, on the Day, and at the Hour, to which, on the preceding Evening, the Returning Officer had adjourned the Poll, and when he had then given Notice it was again to have been opened to receive the further Suffrages of the Voters, the Petitioners, to their Surprize, were informed by him that the Poll was finally closed, and the said Returning Officer soon afterwards declared the Numbers on the Poll to be the same as on the preceding Evening he had declared them to have been, and further declared, that the said Thomas Estcourt and the said John Walker Heneage were duly elected, and the Petitioners are informed, that he has since returned them as duly elected to serve in the present Parliament for the said Borough, though neither the Petitioners, nor any one of the ancient Voters, according to the Custom and Usage of the said Borough, took Part, or were allowed to take Part, in the said. Election; and that the Petitioners are persuaded, from their Knowledge of the general Disposition of the Voters, as well the Inhabitants of the Borough as those Freeholders who had not voted at the said Election, that, if the Poll Book had been kept open, and each Voter had freely given his Suffrage, that the Numbers in Support of the Election of the said Samuel Petrie would have far exceeded the Numbers that the said John Walker Heneage would have polled; and that the Petitioners conceive that the Act of the Twenty-second of His present Majesty, while it gives to the Freeholders in the Hundreds of Highworth, Cricklade, Staple, Kingsbridge, and Malmesbury, who are qualified to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire for the County of Wilts, a Right also to vote at every Election of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade, at the same Time confirms to the Inhabitants, the ancient Voters, their Hereditary Franchise; and that the Petitioners have been led to believe, from the Second Section of that Statute, which enacts, " That the Right of Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for " the said Borough of Cricklade, shall be, and is " (thereby) declared to be, in such Freeholders as " aforesaid, and in the Persons who, by the Custom " and Usage of the said Borough, then had, or hereafter should have, a Right to vote at such Elections," that, without the Participation of both Classes of Electors, there could, after the passing of the said Act, be no legal Election of Representatives for the said Borough, and in this Opinion the Petitioners have been confirmed by the concluding Part of the same Section, which directs, that, " the proper " Officer for the Time being, to whom the Return of " every Writ or Process does belong, is (thereby) required to return the Person or Persons to serve in " Parliament for the said Borough who shall have " the major Number of Votes of such Freeholders, " and other Persons having a Right to vote at such " Election And therefore, on Behalf of themselves and the other Inhabitants Voters of the said Borough, praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con-

F sideration

Poole Election — Petition of Lord Daer.

Pontefract Election. — Petition of Mr. Walsh.

adoration at the same Time that the last preceding Petition is ordered to bte taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue Ms Warrant, of Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Patties, on the Hearing of the Matters of the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Honourable Basil William Douglas, commonly called Lord Daer, Ohe of the Candidates at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament fin- the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, was read; Setting forth. That, on Saturday the 12th Day of March 1791, an Election of One Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, came on, and Benjamin Lester, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates at the said Election; and that, at the Time of the said Election, the said Benjamin Lester had not such an Estate, in Law or Equity, for his own Use and Benefit, of or in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as qualified him to be elected and returned to serve as a Member for the said Borough, according to the Statute in that Behalf made and provided, and that the said Betyamin Lester was not capable of being elected and returned, and the Votes given for the said Benjamin Lester were thrown away; and that John Strong, Esquire, Sheriff of the said County, and Returning Officer of the stud Borough, presided at the said Election, and shewed great Partiality in Favour of the said Benjamin Lester, by illegally rejecting the Votes of a great many Persons who offered their Votes in Favour of the Petitioner, and who had a Right to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, as well by the General Laws and Customs of the Land, as by the particular Constitution of the said Borough, being Inhabitants and Householders within the same, and also paying Scotland bearing Lot, and by admitting upon the Poll many illegal Votes for the said Benjamin Lester-, mid that, on casting up the Poll, there appeared a colourable Majority of Votes in Favour of the said Benjamin Lester, whereas the Number of legal Votes for the

Petitioner would have far exceeded the Number of those for the said Benjamin Lester at the said Election, if the Votes of the Persons above mentioned had not been rejected, and the Petitioner was, therefore, in Fact duly elected, and ought to have been returned: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant him such Relief as to the 'House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the a 1st Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, was read; Setting forth, That Pontefract is an ancient Borough of Burgage Tenure, and an ancient Corporation, and that the only Persons, legally entitled to vote for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, are such as have, within the said Borough, a Freehold of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent; and that, on the -21st Day of June 1791, an Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough came on, at which Election John Smyth, Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that, in Prejudice of the Right of the real Electors of the said Borough, the Mayor and Returning Officer rejected the Votes of Persons having, within the said Borough, a Freehold of Burgage Tenure, paying a Burgage Rent, who tendered their Votes for the Petitioner, and permitted a Number of Persons to poll for the said John Smyth who had no Right to vote, and returned the said John Smyth, though the Petitioner was duly elected, and

ought to have been rdtutned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief as he shall Appear to merit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 26th Day of February ne*t> at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of William Smith, Esquire, was read: Setting forth. That the Petitioner, John Esquire,

Thomas Crespigny, LL. D. and John Core Hippisley

Esquire, were Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to represent the Borough of Sudbury in Parliament; and that a Poll, having been duly demanded, was accordingly taken, and Joseph Humphreys, the Mayor of the said Borough, presided at the said Election and Poll as Returning Officer, and acted with gross Partiality in Favour of the said John Core Hippisley, both before and during the Poll, and admitted many Persons to vote for the said John Core Hippisley, who had no legal Titles to vote, and rejected many Persons duly qualified to vote, and who actually tendered their Votes for the Petitioner; and that the Majority of legal Votes was in Favour of the Petitioner, but that the said Joseph Humphreys, by the Means aforesaid, and by other corrupt and unwarrantable Practices; gave a colourable Majority on the Poll to the said John Core Hippisley above the Petitioner, and, under Pretence thereof, took upon himself to return the said John Core Hippisley as duly elected one of the Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, whereas the said Joseph Humphreys ought to have returned the Petitioner as duly elected; and that the said John Core Hippisley, by himself, or his Agents, gave, or promised, Money, or other Regards, to many of the Persons claiming to vote at the said Election, and by such Means, and other corrupt Practices, procured himself to be returned to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying. That he may be heard by his Counsel, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 5th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like Notices, as in former Cases, were sent to the several Parties; accompanied with Orders for their Attendance, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, at the Times on which the said several Petitions were ordered to be taken into Consideration.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Newark, in the County of Nottingham, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, upon the 2 2d Day of March 1791, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of William Paxton, Esquire, and also, the Petition of several other Persons, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, reported to the House, that they had determined, " That the Right of voting for Members to

*' " serve

1

Sudbury Election — Petition of Mr. Smith.

Petition respecting the

Right of Election for Newark.

" serve in Parliament for the Borough of " in the County of Nottingham, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and all the Inhabitants paying Scotland " Lot within the said Borough;'* and that the Petitioners are advised, that the said Right of voting, so determined by the said Select Committee, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough: And therefore, to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive, praying, That they may be admitted as Parties, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case lately made and provided, to oppose the said Right of Election^ in Favour of which the said Select Committee have reported as aforesaid, and that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of the Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 7th Day of next,

at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing Of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London , and also sent to the Re-

turning Officer of the Borough of Newark, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

v

A"*wer to Mr. ViUiers reported to the House, that their Ad-a dregt. dress of this Day (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, List, and Accounts, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Estimates, Ac. presented.

Guards and Garrisons.

Forces in the Plantations.

General and Staff Officers.

Chelsea Out-Pensioners.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1793: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1793.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between Distrenec the British and Irish Establishments of Five Regiments between of Foot, serving in Gibraltar and the West Indies, from Es»b-25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both in- lishments. elusive, being 365 Days: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of On* Regiment of Light Troops in Dragoons, and Nine Regiments Of Foot, for Service E»*t India, in East India, for the Year 1793, being 365 Days:

And also,

Estimate of the ment of Light Dr of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th -ber 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Recruiting and Con- Recruiting tingencies of His Majesty's Land Forces, of the Al- ^Contin-' lowance of Bread and Necessaries to the Troops in gencie*"*" Great Britain, and of Poundage to be returned to the ' Infantry, for the Year 1793: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supemume- Full Pay to rary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th De- Superoume-cember 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, rarjr cer*' being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to thte Pay- Allowance* master General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to the ^^t*r^?ene-Secretary at War;, to the Commissary General of the &c. &c." Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1793: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances Half-Pay. to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1793: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Re- D* duoed Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1793: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allow- D® ances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1793: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to Widow* Pcn-the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year sion*.

1793: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia Embodied of several Counties in South Britain, from 25th - Militia. comber 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Contingencies, and Contingen-of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and for Poundage, for the Embodied Militia, for the Year u'

1793: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs Seotch Road* of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, Bridges, for the Year 1793, approved by Lieutenant General Lord Adam Gordon, Commander of His Majesty's

Forces there: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chel- Chelsea Insea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospi- p#Mioner8-tal, for the Year 1793.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Charge of Additional* to the Regi- Additional* igbons, serving in East India, and to D*-

Vol. 48.

ESTIMATE

oo

B 5?

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, , and Jersey, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, 60

both inclusive, being 365 Days.

D

CQ'

r-h

N'

CD

CL

cr.

o

o

FT

CORPS. Numbers. Pay of Commissioned N On-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men. , Charge of Clothing of Non-Commissionet Officers and Private Men. 1 . Agency. 4 Allowances to Captains, Paymasters Surgeons, Riding Masters, and Serjeants. - total.

First Regiment of Life Guards 234 . 4 1 1 1 ‘ s. £. m. t. d. £.s. d. £. 21,347 s. d. 13 3

CO 0 Second Ditto - - - 21,079 6 6

a Royal Regiment of Horse Guards - - - 409 - - - - 30,161 3 4

fine 72,588 3

o/O

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards - - - - 426 - 17,61812 9 2,109 5 7§ 359 11 — 558 20,645 9 4i

Second Ditto - - - 285 - 12,038 — 3 1,406 3 9 242 5 u 372 14,058 9 11

Third Ditto - - - - 285 - - 12,038 — 3 1,406 3 9 242 5 11 372 14,058 9 11

CO f< The Earl of Pembroke's Regiment of Dragoons - - 285 - 12,038 — 3 1,406 3 9 242 5 11 372 14,058 9 i»

sp v* Lieutenant General Johnston's - - - 285 - 12,038 — 3 1,406 3 9 242 5 11 372 — — 14,058 9 11

a Lord Southampton's - - - 2 86 - 12,07410 3 1,412 10 6: 242 13 6{ 372 14,101 14 3i

Lord Howard's - 285 - 12,038 — 3 1,406 3 9 242 5 1* 372 14,058 9 I*

Lieutenant General Johnston's - - - 285 - 12,038 — 3 1,406 3 9 242 5 ii 373 14,058 9 11

CO a Sir Henry Clinton's ... - - - 285 - 12,038 — 3 1,406 3 9 242 5 11 372 14,058 9 *1

1 Lieutenant General Pitt's - - - 285 - 12,038 — 3 1,406 3 9 242 5 11 372 14,058 9 11

General Hodgson's - - - - 285 - - 12,038 — 3 1,406 3 9 242 5 11 372 14,058 9 11

w "WD Lord Dorchester's - - - 285 - - 12,038 — 3 1,406 3 9 242 5 11 372 14,058 9 11

Major General Harcourt's - - - 285 3,847 12,038 — 3 1,406 3 9 242 5 11 373 14,058 9 11 189,390 12

CO 49,133 18 8 9

o< Coldstream Ditto - - - - 1,184 - - - m 31,848 2 10

O £ Third Ditto ----- - - 1,184 4,213 - - - 31,902 17 10 112,884 19

' 4

2-

<0

*0

<1

c

c

00

0

' Lieutenant General Jones's Regiment of Foot - 499 m m 8,666

Lieutenant General Hall's - - - 499 - 8,666

Lieutenant General Grant's ----- 499 - 8,666

Major General Hotham's 499 m 9m 8,666

General Groeme's 499 - 8,666

! Lord George Lennox's - - 499 - 8,666

§ r* Lieutenant General Clarke's - 499 - 8,666

Sir John Dalling's ----- - 499 - 8,666

Sir Hector Munro's - - - 499 8,666,

Lieutenant General Elphinstone's - - - - 499 - 8,666

Lieutenant General Frederick's - 4 99 - 8,666

Lieutenant General Campbell's - 499 - 8,666

-Sir David Lindsay's ----- - 499 - 8,666

6,487

Thirty-six Independent Companies of Invalids - - 1,620 27,077

Garrisons with Fire and Candle - - - - 302 29,664

Total - - 17)344 33',5i5

War Office, l Stli December 1792.

6 4 i,430 4 184 18 2 540 15 — 10,821 19 10

6 4 i,43o - 4 184 18 2 540 15 — 10,821 19 10

6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2 54o 15 — V10,821 19 10

6 4 i,430 — 4 184 18 2 540 15 — 10,821 19 10

6 4 i,430 — 4 184 18 2 540 15 — 10,821 19 10

6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2 540 15 — 10,821 19 IO

6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2 540 15 — 10,821 19 10

6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2 540 15 — 10,821 19 10

6 4 i,430 — 4 184 18 2 54o 15 — 10,821 19 to

6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2 540 15 — 10,821 19 10

6 4 1,430 — 4 . 184 18 2 540 15 — 10,821 19 10

6 4 i,430 — 4 184 18 2 540 15 — 10,821 19 10

6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2 540 15 — . 10,821 19 10

140,685 17 10

8 9 2,299 10 — 866 17 — 2,880 — — . - ' 33,123 15 9

7 3 OO 1^. 2 { - - 55 - - 30,501 9 5 £

4 1 40,661 13 n i 6,538 2 9* 14,986 15 — m -» "i £ 579,174 18 if

CD

CD

00

b

Hi

Geo. Y

to

c n

ffc c

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Walts, from 25th December i 702-

to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

eg

CORPS.

Lieutenant Colonel Sand ford's Corps of Light Dragoons

Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment of Foot, First Battalion

Lieutenant General Morrison's -

Major General Stopford's -

Major General Abercrombie's -

Prince Edward's ——

Lieutenant General Leslie's - -

Sir Robert Murray Keith's -

Major General Ainslie's -

Major General Hyde's -

General Murray's ——

Lieutenant General Tayler's -

Sir William Erskine's ——

Major General Adeane's ——

Major General Williamson's - -

Major General Tonyn's ——

Lieutenant General Maitland's -

Royal American Regiment, Four Battalions -

Lieutenant General Mathew's -

Major General Gunning's ——

Lieutenant General Brown's ——

Colonel Simcoe's Corps ——

GARRISONS, &c.

Quebec, Montreal, tapper Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton, St. John's and Placentia, in Newfoundland, and St. John's Island -

Numbers.

3‘20

Jamaica, Grenada, St. Vincent, and Dominica

Officers ^serving with the Forces in North America and the West Indies ——

499 499 499 4 99 499 499 499 499 499 499 4 99 499 499 499 499 499 C997 4 99 499 499 432

Officers of Hospitals serving in North America and the West Indies - *

11,910

Pay of Commissionec Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. ], Charge of Clothing of Non-Commissione Officers and Private Men. d Agency.

s. d: £.s. d. £. j . d

11,523 1 11 i,555 1 3 193 12 7

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2

8,666 6 4 i,430 — 4 184 18 2

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2

I 8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 184 l8 2

8,803 8 2 1,430 — 4 186 2 6

8,666 6 4 i,43o — 4 184 18 2

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 1,84 18 2

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2

8,666 6 4 i,430 — 4 184 18 2

8,666 6 4 i,43o — 4 184 18 2

8,666 6 4 i,430 — 4 184 18 2

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4: 84 18 2

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2

34,905 3 3 5,720 1 4 74i 15 3

8,666 6 4 i,43o — 4 184 18 2

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2

5,237 4 4 i 1,120 18 8} 76 12 6

Allowances to Captains, Paymasters,

Surgeons, Hiding Masters, A Serjeants,

£. s.

285 4 — 540 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 540 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 —

540 15 —

540 15 — 54o 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 — 2,163 — — 540 15 — 540 15 — 540 15 — 37i 5 —

TOTAL.

£.s. d.

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10 10,960 6

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10 43,529 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10 6,806 — 7

£.s. d.

13,556 19 9

256,092 3 5 6,119 7 11

2,195 10 3 11,098 11 6

6,022 10 —

to

to

18° Decembris. 1792

- /

<J

o

oo

GIBRALTAR;

Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment of Foot, sd Battalion Sir John Sebright's - -

Earl of Ross's -

Sir Thomas Spencer Wilson's - - - .

Lieutenant General Gabbitt's -

General Lambton's ....

Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar, &c.

NEW SOUTH WALES: Major Grose's Corps -

499

499

499

499

499

499

Total -

Deduct,

To be paid by the Island of Jamaica,

For Lieutenant Colonel Sand ford's Corps of Light Dragoons

For the Private Men of Two Regiments of Foot according to the former Establishment -

Remains to be provided

2,994

475

15,699

8,426 8 5 . 1,430 " 4 . 182 15 7 540 15 —

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2 540 15 —

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2 540 15 —

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2 540 15 —

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2 540 15 —

8,666 6 4 1,430 — 4 184 18 2 540 15 —

6,900 10 5 1,318 14 2 130 12 4 542 10 —

275,121 2 2$ 45,465 3 9i 5,764 8 7 16,880 14 —

m »

io,579 19 4

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

10.821 19 10

13,556 19 9 7,280 ——

64,689 18 6 3,554 13 4

8,892 611

372,222 1 7

20,836 19 9

35L385 1 10

to

3*1

il

V

War Office,

18th December 1792.

Geo. Y

33 Geo. III. 18° Decembris.

18° Decembris.

A. 1792.

General and E S TIM A T £ of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the

Staff Officers.

Year 1793.

General and General Staff Officers, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793 both inclusive, being 365 Days - -

£. 6,409 8 —

War Office,

18th December 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

Chelsea Out- ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1793-

Pensioners.

20,163 Out-Pensioners at Five Pence per Diem each, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, deducting for Pensions unclaimed, 3,287/. 7

400 Letter Men, at One Shilling per Diem each ——

31 Serjeants, at Nine Pence per Diem each ——

20,594

£. s. d.

i5,035 8 9

7,3oo — —

424 6 3

157,759 >5 —

To the Collectors of the Excise, for paying the Out-Pensioners - £.1,459 10 —

To Agents Clerks - 52118 —

To the Agent of Out-Pensioners, per Annum - 1,000 ——

For the Rent of a House for examining the Out-Pensioners - 200 ——

From which deduct out of Poundage on the Out-Pensions

3,181 8 —

1,200 ——

i,9Si 8 —

Deduct, already provided on the Estimates of the Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1793 - *

159,741 3 —

5,723 4 8

In all to be made good for 1793

154,017 iS 4

War Office, iSth December 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

33 Geo. lit. i8°

ESTIMATE of the^ Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of Five Regiments of Foot, serving in Gibraltar and the West Indies, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

✓ Numbers. Charge for 365 Days. Difference. i 1

Mafdr General' Hamilton's Regirtient of Foot. £. s. d. 8,666 6 4 £. s. d.

Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissbned Officers, and'Private Men ----- - 499

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men - - _ - I,43o — 4

Agency - mm — 184 18 2

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Serjeants - - - . - -» - - - 540 15 —

Paid by Ireland for this Regiment - . - - - - 10,821 19 10 8,510 — 3 2,311 19 7

Major General Bruce's - - the same - 499 - 2,311 19 7

Sir John Vaughan's - - - the same - 499 - 2,311 19 7

Earl of Eglintpune's - - - the same - 499 - 2,311 19 7

lieutenant General Morris's - the same 499 - 2,311 19 7

Total Difference to be made good - 2,495 £. n,559 17 11

War Office, 18th December 1792.

Geo. Y.

Vol. 48.

II

Difference between British and Irish Establishments.

2 6

18° Decem.

A. 1792.

Troops in East Indies*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1793* being 365 Days.

Sir William Hope's Regiment of Light Dragoons, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive.

Pay -

Clothing ' -

Agency -

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Riding Master -

Lieutenant General St Johns Regiment of Foot.

Pay....

Clothing -

Agency ——

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, and Surgeon ——

Total for this Regiment - -

General Trapauda - - - the same 1,132

Major General Gordon's - the same 1,132

Major General Murray's - the same 1,132

Sir William Meadows's - - the same 1,132

Major General O'Hara's - the same 1,132

Sir Robert Abercromby's - the same 1,132

Major General Musgrave's - the same 1,132

Colonel Marsh's - - - - the same 1,132

Total -

War Office,

18th December 1792.

Numbers.

I,t32

Charge for 365 Days.

512

10,188

10,700

£. s. d.

13,082 4 6

2,768 10 7*

252 12 8*

427 16 —

15,933 9

3,059 18 io if

271 12 5i

843 5 —

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

20,108 5 4

£. s. d.

16,531 3 10

180,974 8 —

197,505 11 10

Geo. Yonge.

Memorandum:

By the Act passed in 1781, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United Company of " Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, &c." the East India Company are required to pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in Proportion to the Number of Troops sent, or to be sent, to the East Indies, on the Requisition of the said Company.

This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in the East Indies only: And, as it will be necessary to provide for the Subsistence of the Additional recruiting for the Regiment of Light Dragoons, and of the Recruiting Companies remaining in Great Britain, there will be wanting at present for this Purpose the Sum of 8,323/. 1 "js. lofd.; which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the above Estimate. '

33 Geo. Ilf.

18° Decembrist

ST

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additional to the Regitae&t of Light Dragoons serving in £ast Indiar, aftd of Traops ki Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th December 1792 indi< to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Numbers. Charge for 365 Days. L yv.

Sir William Howes Regiment of Light Dragoons: / £. s. d. — \ £. s. d.

Pay of Additional - - - 8 368 4 —

Clothing - - - 44 14 4 f

Agency - - 3 8 5i

In all, for the Additional - - 416 6 10 I

lieutenant General St. John's Regiment of Foot, One Company:

Pay of Commissioned and Non-Commissioned Officers - 24 695 4 101

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers - - 128 8 ioi

Agency - - - - 16 13 7

Allowance to the Captain - - - 38 5 —

In all, for One Company - - - 878 12 4

General Trapaud's - - - the same - 24 . 878 12 4

Major General Gordon's - - the same - - - 24 - 878 12 4

Major General Murray's - - the same - 24 - 878 12 4

Sir William Medows's - - the same - 24 - 878 12 4

Major General O'Hara's - - the same - 24 - 878 12 4

Sir Robert Abercromby's - the same - - 24 - 878 12 4

Major General Musgrave's - the same 24 - 878 12 4

Colonel Marsh's - - - - the same - 24 - 878 12 4

2l6 7,907 11 ~

Total - - - 1 224 - - 8,323 17 10

War Office,

18th December 1792.

Geo. Y

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Recruiting and Contingencies of His Majesty's Land Forces, of the Recruiting Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to the Troops in Great Britain, and of Poundage to be returned to the Charge*. Infantry, for the Year 1793. *

For the Recruiting and Contingencies of His Majesty's Land Forces, upon Account *

For the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to the Troops in Great Britain, upon Account ——

Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, upon Account -

Total -

64,500 ——

42.000 ——

11.000 ----- *

117,500 ——

War Office,

18th December 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

18° Decenib

A. 1792;

S«P*r«. ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesety's Forces, from

25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Horse Grenadier > Guards:

2 Majors -

3 Lieutenants and Captains

1 Lieutenant and Captain

2 Guidons and Captains 6 Sub Lieutenants

1 Adjutant

2 Chaplains - -

2 Surgeons -

2 Riding Masters -

£. s. d. each 456. 5. —

- 355- 17- 6.

- 337. 3 2. 6.

- 228. 2. 6.

- 381. 13- 4

- 146. — — 45. 12. 6.

Agent -

Deputy Provost Marshal

Foot: 1 Major and Captain

Invalids

ids: 1

Major and Captain -Captain -Lieutenant

Agency

79-

62.

41st Regiment of , Foot, or Invalids:

1 Lieutenant Colonel as Colonel and Captain- Captains- - - - each 171. 7

8 Lieutenants -

7 Ensigns -Adjutant.

Quarter Master Surgeon -Surgeon's Mate

1.

19* 4-16. 71

Agency

Allowances f 5 Captains each 80/. to \ Surgeon

400 ——

82 2 6

Companies > of Invalids:

13 Captains

14 Lieutenants -11 Ensigns

- each 171. 7.

- 79- >9-

62. 16.

1.

4-

71-

Agency

Allowances to 13 Captains - - each 80/.

Charge for 365 Days.

£. s. d.

912 10 JU,

1,067 12 6

55 2 6

675 5 — *

3,36815 —

173 7 6

243 6 8

292 — —

9* 5 —

4979 4 2

80 — —

25 — —

259 6 3

172 17 6

80 13 6

512 17 3

12 16 5

4U 5

685 8 4

639 34 8

439 16 2f

68 10 10

79 39 4

68 10 10

59 39 51

2,453 4 8)

21 15 5 I

482 2 6

2,227 12 1

1,319 30 8

691 2 7*

4,038 5 44

35 16 91

1,040

Total

- - £.

£. s. d.

5.084 4 2 2 59 6 3

525 13 8

2,957

5,114 2 2

13,940 8 11

War Office,

18th December 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

33 Geo. III.

18° Decembris.

29

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces; to Paymaster the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the General-Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Aimy; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1793.

Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, &c. -Fees at the Exchequer -

Secretary at War, his Deputy, Clerks, &c. Commissary General of the Musters, and Ditto Judge Advocate General -Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army

Total

£. s. d.

18,390

12,000 — —

- 10,700

4.48-2 — 10

2,289 5 9

5,103

£. 52,964 6 7

War Office,

18th December 1792.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's HalfPa^'

Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1793.

£. s.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive - - - ..

Allowance to One Officer of the Reduced Horse - - - - -45 126

Ditto to Five Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards,

at Ten Pounds per Annum each - - - -50 ——

Ditto to Ten Private Gentiemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at

Seven Pence per Diem each - -106 92

Total - - £.

56,797 »8

202 1

j

<5 7.<«>0 —

d.

4

8

War Office,

18th December 1792. Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Ditto.

Service of the States General, for the Year 1793.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive

3,000 ——

War Office,

18th December 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

Vol. 48.

18° Decembris.

A. 1792,

Half Pay.

Widow*

Pension*.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's

American Forces, for the Year 1793.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for 365 Days, from 25th December

1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive ..... ....

Allowances to Officers of Ditto, per Annum - -

55,092 10 — 4,907 10 —

Total

60,000 — —

War Office,

18th December 1792. Geo. Yonge.

Year 1793.

Number*.

36 -

21

19 -

146 -

*55 ?

119* -1

Rank of their late Husbands.

- Widows of Colonels

Lieutenant Colonels Majors Captains Lieutenants Ensigns, &c.

- Physician's Widow

497

The Amount of Twelve Pence in the Pound allowed to the Paymaster of the Pensions above stated -Salary of the Deputy Paymaster, per Annum - -

In all

From which may be deducted the following Sums, already provided: viz.

On the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons, 1793 -On D* for the Marine Corps -

Remains to be provided

f Commissioned Rate of Pensions. Officers, for 4he Charge.

£. s. d. £. t. d.

50 1,800

40 840

30 570

26 3,796

20 3,100

16 1,904

30

12,040

602

100

yuz

- 12,742

2,621 18 9

806 15 — 3,428 13 9

£. 9>313 6 3

War Office,

18th December 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

*N. B. In the 119 Widows above-mentioned are included the Widows of Comets, Second Lieutenants, Chaplains, Adjutants, Quarter Masters, and Surgeons, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of an Ensign's Widow.

35 Geo. III.

18° Decembris.

31

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of several Counties in South Britain, from Mtlitia. 35th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Number of Regiments, Battalions, or Corps. Numbers. Pay, Agency, and Allowances, for 365 Days.

£.s. d.

Berks - 1 666 10,609. 7 2

Bucks - 1 666 16,609 7 2

Cornwall - - - 1 763 11,867 18 5

Cumberland - - - 1 381 5,943 16 6

Devon - - - 3 i,9°5 30,369 10 3

Dorset - - m 1 763 11,867 18 5

Durham - - - 1 474 7.313 17 1

Essex - . ‘ mt - 2 1,146 18,501 11 10

Herts - 1 666 10,609 7 2

Kent - - - 2 1,140 17,811 14 11

Lincoln - 2 i,43o 22,884 3 6

Northumberland - - 1 666 10,609 7 2

Norfolk - - - „ - 2 1,146 18,501 11 10

Southampton Me - 3 1,146 18,65s 1 7.

Suffolk - - - 2 1,146 18,501 11 lO

Surrey - - 1 945 14,382 1 l

Sussex. - 1 945 14,382 1 1

Westmoreland 1 287 4,665 18 4

Yorkj North Riding - 1 847 ' 12,719 11 9

East Riding - - - 1 474 7,313 >7 1

Total - - N* 17,602 £. 273,122 14 2

War Office,

18th December 1792.

G?q. Y

E S TIM A T E of the Charge of the Contingencies, and of the Allowance of Bre#d an^ Necessaries, Ditt0

and Poundage, for the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1793.

For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia, upon Account For the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to Ditto, upon Account For the Allowance of Poundage to Ditto, upon Account - -

Total

War Office,

18th December 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

- £. 14,000

49,000

- 9,000

- - £. 72,000

18° Decembris.

A. 1792.

Scotch Roads ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, and Bridges. for the Year 1793, approved by Lieutenant General Lord Adam Gordon, Commander of His Majesty's Forces there.

Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1793 -....

£. 4,500

War Office,

18th December 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

Chelsea

In-Pcn-

sioueis.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said

Hospital, for the Year 1793.

Pay per Annum of 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers -Clothing for Ditto ——

Salaries of Governor, and other Officers -Board Wages, and Table for Ditto - -

Surgeon and Apothecary ——

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary -

Tradesmen - -

Provisions -

Contingencies and Extraordinaries -

f* s. d. 1,266 2 4

911 7 5

3>796 9 — 483 5 — 1,800 ——

3.000 — - —

4.000 -

8,920 —

4.000 -

28,177 3 9

Deduct out of Poundage on Out-Pensions for 1793 - - - - -. - 4,200 ——

In all to be made good for 1793 - - - £. 23,977 3 9

War Office,

' 18th December 1792.

Geo. Yonge.

Ordered,

t^-

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ou Corn Act. tQ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, u and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn " imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, vefnrted. Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of Council respecting the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto; and also, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread, and Biscuit, and to permit the Importation thereof on the Low Duties.

And Mr. Henry Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Com Indent- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for tty Bill or- indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in deied. advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of Council respecting the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, for preventing Suits in consequence of I the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto; and also, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread, and Biscuit, and to permit the Importation thereof on the Low Duties: And that Mr. Henry , Mr. Se-

cretary Dundas, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Snape, being examined, said, That from a Survey

he has lately taken, it is practicable to make a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels from the Dudley Canal at Netherlon, through the several Parishes of Dudley, Rowley Regis, , and

North field, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford, and Salop, to join the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at or near a place called Oak, in the Parish of Northfield aforesaid; and also Two

Collateral Cuts or Branches to communicate with such intended Canal, the One from or near a Place called Windmill End, in the Parish of Rowley Regis, to or near a Place called. Baptist End, in the Parish of Dudley, and the other from or near a Place called Cabbage Hall, in the said Parish of Dudley, to or near a Lane called Spout Lane, in the Parish of Rowley Regis aforesaid.

That the making and maintaining such Canal and Collateral Cuts, with proper Railways and Roads to communicate therewith, will be of great Advantage to the Dudley Canal Company, and to the Country through which the same is intended to pass, by opening a Communication with very extensive and valuable Mines of Coal and Iron Stone, which lie upon or near to the Line of such intended Canal and Collateral Cuts; and by the Conveyance of Coal, Lime, Lime Stone, and Merchandize thereon; and that it will likewise be of great Benefit to the City of Worcester, the Town of Birmingham, and the several Towns of Halesowen, Bromsgrove, and -wick, by furnishing the said last mentioned Places, as well as other Parts of the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, with an additional Supply of Coals, and by the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize to and from the same, and other Parts of the Kingdom, and will also be of general Public Utility. — Then,

' Mr. Benjamin Thompson being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Snape, with respect to the Advantage and Utility of the proposed Undertaking.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or near, Selly Oak, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith: And that Mr. Lygoh, Mr. Lytlleton, Mr. Edward Foley, Sir Henry Gough Calthorpe, and Mr. Jervoise, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Com Indem- Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, acuity Bill pre- cording to Order, a Bill for indemnifying all Persons esud. who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of Council respecting the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto; and also, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread, and Biscuit, and to permit the Importation thereof on the Low Duties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Netherton and Selly Oak Canal Petition reported.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Vol. 48.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.'

Mercurii, 19" die Decembrist Anno 33* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1792. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Saint Helen's, and Private Trade Warehouse in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1791 to Michaelmas 1792, what delivered out for Exportation during that Period, and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1792: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Leadcnhall, in the Port of London, from

Michaelmas 1791 to Michaelmas 1792, also what ex-

K ported

Accounts

presented.

Prohibited East India Goods.

Prohibited East India Goods.

Naval Stores from Russia.

WhaleShips.

34 19° Decembris. . 1792.

ported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1792: And alSo,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty's Warehouse, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1791, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1792: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Warehouses in the Out Ports at Michaelmas 1791, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1792: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helen's, Leadenhall, Billiter and the Custom

House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1791, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed, what have been returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 1792: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1791 to Michaelmas 1792: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England} commonly called The Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1791 to 1792:

And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis's Streights and the Greenland Seas; distinguishing their Names, Tonnage, Ports from whence , they were fitted out, Ports where discharged, and also the Quantity of Blubber imported in each Ship, in the Year 1792.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. The Lords Montagu: will proceed

Mr. Speaker, bru^onMr

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Hastings'* House, That their Lordships will proceed further in TriaL the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday the 12th Day of February next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messenger withdrew.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in Lancaster Lancaster Castle was presented to the House, and read; Com- Debtor* plaining of their Distress, and praying Relief. Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Cramfurd presented to the House, pursuant to Ordnance their Address to His Majesty, Estimate

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, Present* 4 for the Year 1793 — -Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth,

33 Geo. III. 19° Decmbris. 35

EXPENCE of Servicqs performed by the Office of Ordnance, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders,

and not provided for by Parliament;

On Account of Debt, to 31st December 1783.

Paid Debts incurred previous to 31st December 1783, and which have been settled since that Period ——

320 6 9

On Account of 1791.

ANTIGUA:

Paid on Account of Current Service, and Contingencies -

ST. CHRISTOPHER: Paid on Account of Current Service, and Contingencies

DOMINICA:

Paid on Account of Current Service, and Contingencies

BARBADOES: -Paid on Account of Current Service, and Contingencies

ST. VINCENT:

Paid on Account of Current Service, and Contingencies -

GRENADA:

Paid on Account of Current Service, and Contingencies

£. s. d.

738 4 8

- 5,593 19 1

- 2,518 6 3

- 1,209 3 1

- 1,391 16 6

- 3,644 6 8

15,095 16 3

On Account of 1792.

FOREIGN SERVICE:

Tents sent to Canada for Colonel Simcoe s Corps, £. d. and to Jamaica for Colonel Gardner's Corps - - 268 16 — Ordnance and Stores sent to China as a Present to the Emperor ----- -- 707 18 — 976 14 —

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY, AND CORPS OF ROYAL MILITARY ARTIFICERS:

Allowance for Bread, and Additional Cloathing for Artillery in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - 2,463 5 9 Allowance for Bread, and Additional Cloathing for the Corps of Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain - 788 15 10 3,252 1 7

Camp at B AGSHOT:

Paid on Account of the Hire of Horses, Allowance for Forage to Officers, on their taking the Field.* — Ammunition, and Contingencies - - 2,59719 9

6,826 15 4

For the Purchase of Salt Petre, Ordnance and Stores, and Expences incurred in the several Ports of Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations, on Account of the . Navy, beyond the Allowance for Sea Service, on the Vote for 24,000 Seamen for 1791 -

22,242 18 32,068 15

54,3H 13

4

4

8

Vol. 48.

Ordnance

Estimate.

19° Decetn»

A. 1792;

Ordnance

Estimate.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1793 )

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY.

Salaries and Rents to the Master General, Principal Officers, Clerks, £. s. d. and Attendants employed at the Tower i 15,498 8 —

And at the following Places;

Laboratory at Woolwich, and for proving Powder Inspector of Artillery at D®, and for proving Guns Superintendant of Military Machines at D®

Hampton Court, and St. James's, Windsor, am Greenwich ——

Woolwich ——

Purfleet ——

Gravesend and Tilbury -

Chatham ——

Upnor Castle ——

Sheemess ——

Feversham ——

Waltham Abbey - -

Dover -

Portsmouth ——

Pciddy's Hard....

Plymouth -

Keyham Point ——

(Pendennis, Scilly Island, Chester Castle, and Liverpool,

Berwick, Carlisle, Tinmouth Castle, and Clifford's Fort, Hull, Yarmouth, and Landguard Fort -Guernsey ——

Jersey ——

Isle of Man -

Rent for Use of Land and Houses ----_-.

2,076 5 — 1,377 12 6

310 5 "

226. ——

570 ——

605 2 6

255 — — 663 17 6 144 15 — 380 — -583 17 523 17

120 — -823 17 6 303 17 6 653 17 6 170 ——

43o ——

448 2 6 448 2 6

100 ——

520 17 —

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service

£. 27,233 15 —

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at

North Britain -

Gibraltar ——

Jamaica ——

St. Christopher -

Antigua ——

Dominica - -

St. Vincent -.....-

\ Barbadoes - - -

Grenada ——

Bahama Islands -

Quebec ——

Halifax....

Annapolis ——

New Brunswick ——

St. John's and Placentia, in Newfoundland

Pay of Master Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St James's Park, and the Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals and Candles ——

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garrisons, and Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, Postage of Letters, and

other Contingencies -....

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, making new and repairing old Carriages, in the several small Forts, Castles, Garrisons, and other Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey -Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the same, at the several Barracks, Forts, Castles, and Garrisons in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - -

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and Small Stores for the Common Duty of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey ——

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower ——

13,616 17 6

554 10 — 1,381 7 6 273 15 —

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

5*4 ——

219 -

861 15 — 680 10 — 91 5 —

629 12 6 693 10 —

3,416 17 6

18.000 ——

15.000 ——

4,379 4 7

6.000 ——

2.000 — - — *

Pav

19° Decembris.

Ordnance

Estimate.

33 Geo. III.

3T

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers -

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of 3,730 Men, Officers included.

Pay of an Augmentation of 440 Men, being One Corporal and Ten Gunners to each of the 40 Marching Companies of the said Regiment -

Pay of an Augmentation of a Brigade of Horse Artillery, consisting of 215 Men, Officers included, and 237 Horses -Pay of First Gunners, still remaining on the War Establishment -

£. s. d. 111,069 10 —

8,638 6 S

12,468 12 7

863 16 8

Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich ——

Establishment of Draughtsmen in the Tower of London, for Service in Great Britain, and Foreign Garrisons ——

Pay of Superannuated and disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrants -

Sams to be paid at the Treasury, and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of 502,686/. 13 j. 5 d. being the Amount of this Estimate - -

Ordinary - £

£ d' 10,937 16 8

133»°4° 5 11

2,327 '5 —

2,066 5 —

21,524 *5 3 950 ——

242,149 2 .5

EXTRAORDINARIES.

NEWFOUNDLAND:

Repairs of Fortifications, Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Current £ s. d.

Service, and Contingencies - 2,800 — —

For Fuel for the Troops - -- -- - 1,500----

NOVA SCOTIA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

QUEBEC:

For Current Service, and Contingencies - - - 2,000 — - —

In full, for a Supply of Stores - - - - 7,247 — 7

B E R MUD A:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

BAHAMA ISLANDS:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

JAMAICA:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

ANTIGUA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

ST. CHRISTOPHER:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

DOMINICA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

BARB A DOES:

For Current Service, and Contingencies T 3,000----

Towards completing the Stone Barracks at St. Ann's Castle - - - 2,000-

ST. VINCENT:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Vol. 48. L

£ s. d. 4,300 ——

2,000 ——

9,247 " 7

1,000 ——

1,500 ——

2,000 ——

i,5°° ——

3,50° ——

4,000 —

5.000 -

3.000 -

Ordnance

Estimate.

38

19° Decembi 'is.

GRENADA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

GIBRALTAR:

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers....

Forage for the Cattle employed on the Works -Towards the necessary Repairs and Improvements of the Works For Repairs of Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storehouses, and Magazines Contingencies in the Engineer's Department - .

Contingencies in the Artillery and Storekeeper's Departments For a Supply of Stores ——

JERSEY:

For Repairs and Contingencies ——

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -

GUERNSEY:

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs at other Places in the Island -Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers

SCOTLAND:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks in Scotland, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

- -

£. s. d.

4,369 5 5 '

2,281 5 1

16,743 12 -

2,600 — —

2,027 1 —

1,9/8 16 7

15,733 5 8

2,000 962

— 10

A. 1792.

t. s. 11.

4,000 — — .

45,733 5 8

2,000

962

10

NORTH/ EAST DISTRICT: For Current Service, and Contingencies

LANDGUARDFORT:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies -

CINQUE PORTS:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

CHATHAM:

For Repairs of the Barracks at Chatham, and for Repairs at Gillingham, Upnor Castle, Cockhamwood, and Howness, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

For Repairs of the Lines ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers

SHEERNESS:

For Repairs of the Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies

GRAVESEND AND TILBURY: For Repairs of the Works ——

FEVERSHAM:

For Repairs of Buildings -

2,962 — 10

2,962 — 10

8,000 ——

1,000 ——

500 —

2,000 —

6,365 — 8

7-23 9 9 1,924 i 8

9,012 12 1

2,000 ——

1,000 ——

6,000 ——

PORTSMOUTH:

For Repairs of old Works, and other Buildings, at Portsmouth, and various Places in the Division ——

In further Part of the Charge for necessary Repairs to complete and improve the old Works round the Town -

In further Part of the Charge for completing the Works round the Common

In further Part of the Charge for completing Cumberland Fort -In further Part of the Charge for building an additional Powder Magazine, at Tipner Point, in Portsmouth Harbour, for the Use of the Navy ——

For the Purchase of Lands of Mr. Leeke -Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers

4,153 ~ 11 500 ——

1,817 3 11

3,000 ——

1,500 ——

1,665 ——

1,924 1 8

14,5#9 6 6

33 Geo. III.

19° Decembris.

GOSPORT:

£ s. d. 1,258 19 5

2,000 —

1,924 1

2,000 ——

3.000 ——

2.000 . — . — .

*>924 1 8

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines - -

In further Part of the Charge to continue the Sea Wall erected in Front of Ilaslar Hospital to Fort Monckton, in order to prevent the Sea from breaking into Haslar Lake, and for making the Ground equally solid in all Parts behind the said Wall - -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

PLYMOUTH:

For Repairs of the Barracks, Lines, and Citadel, and for Repairs at St. Nicholas Island, Dartmouth, Pendennis, and St. Maw's Castles, and at Scilly Island, Current Service, and Contingencies -

Towards erecting a Storehouse, and repairing the Redoubts on the Heights of Maker - -

Toward repairing the Lines round the Dock - . -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers

WOOL W I C H:

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks, and Officers Quarters Towards erecting additional Storehouses and Stables -Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -

ROYAL LABORATORY: .

t

Towards the extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers - - . _ _

' WALTHAM ABBEY: ,

For Repairs and additional Buildings -

SHIPPING:

For relieving the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Foreign Garrisons -

ROYAL REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY, AND CORPS OF ROYAL

MILITARY ARTIFICERS:

6,000 -

5,502 5 5

1,768 14 — . 7,686 1,5 —

3.000 -

5.000 -

L924 1 8

For Contingencies of Artillery - . - - - *

Allowance for Bread, and additional Clothing, for Artillery in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - -

Allowance for Bread, and additional Clothing, for the Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain ——

For the Purchase of Horses, Levy Money, Arms, and Accoutrements -for the Brigade of Horse Artillery - -

.REGIMENTS. OF FOOT:

For supplying Worms, Turnscrews, Pickers, and sundry other Articles, to the effective Soldiers of the Foot Guards and Marching Regiments of Infantry in Great Britain -

S M A L L A R M S:

For the Supply of Regiments -

SALTPETRE:

For the Purchase of Two hundred Tons, for Land Service, from the East India Company

Extraordinaries -Ordinary -

Ordinary and Extraordinaries

Unprovided

Debt to 31st December 1783 /Land Service 1 /:91 ~/Sea Service - -

1792 — Land Service -

320 6 9

- 15,095 16 3

- 32,068 15 4

- 6,826 15 4

Office of Ordnance, 19th December 1792.

JV. Howe,

G. Berk,

J. Aldridge,

G. Crawfurd, Tho. Bo

39

d. Hrdnanrti

£s»VitT)Rt6.

5> 183

1 1

8,924 1 8

9,924 1 8

3,oooo ——

L500 ——

2,500 ——

2°,957 H 5

1,260 12 —

10,000 — —

6,200 ——

206,225 17 4 242,149 2 5

448,374 19 9

54,3H 13 8

502,686 13 5

Vol. 48.

Exportation of Naval Stores,&c. to be considered.

Petition from certain Electors of Westminster respecting the Right o! Election.

19° Decembrii.

A. 1792.

Ordered \That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Exportation of Naval Stores, Salt Petre, Arms, and Ammunition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in

" Martin in the Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint " Mary leStrand, as are not within any of the Four

" Wards of the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster —

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Sitting Member, the Committee have determined,

" That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said " Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said " City and Liberty of Westminstand that the Petitioners are advised, and humbly insist, that the Right of Election, 'which hath been deemed valid in the

Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster, Judgment of the said Select Committee, is not the

was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth,

' That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that the Select Committee lately appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Sir Samuel Hood, Baronet, Lord Hood in the Kingdom of Ireland, and also, a Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the City and Liberty of W

paying Scotland Lot, severally complaining of an un- the Case may require.

ancient and true Right of Election for the said City and Liberty: And therefore praying. That they may be admitted as Parties to oppose the Right of Election, which has been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet, and the Nature of

due Election for the said City and Liberty, did, on the 6th Day of July 1789, report to this House,

" That it appeared to the said Select Committee, tlrat " the Merits of the Petitions did, in Part, depend " upon the Right of Election; the Parties were " therefore required to deliver in Statements, in " Writing, of the Right of Election for which they " respectively contended: That, in consequence thereof, the Petitioner, Lord Hood, delivered in a Statement, as follows: — " The Petitioner, Lord Hood, "states the Right of Election for the City and Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying Scotland Lot, within the United " Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John, and the " several Parishes of Saint Paul Covenl Garden, Saint "Ann, Saint James, Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand in the County " of Middlesex, and in so much of the Parishes of Saint " Martin in the Fields, Saint Ckment Danes, and Saint " Mary le Strand, as are not. within any of the Four " Wards of the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lancaster,

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 12th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City and Liberty of Westminster, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Corn Into.

called The Temple Bar JVard, The Royal Ward, The Reading of the Bill for indemnifying all Persons who

" Middle Ward, and Precinct of the Savoy that the

" Electors Petitioners delivered in a Statement, as " follows — " The Electors Petitioners state, That the Right of Election for the City and Liberty of " minster is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying " Scotland Lot, within the United Parishes of Saint " Margaret, and Saint John, in the several Parishes of " Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann, Saint James,

" Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint " Martin le Grand in the County of Middlesex, and " in so much of the Parishes of Saint Martin in the " Fields, Saint Clement Danes, and Saint Mary le Strand,

" as are not within any of the Four Wards of the Liberty of the Dutchy of Lan, called The Temple " Bar Ward, The Royal Ward, The Middle Ward, and

" Precinct of the Savoy;1 that the Sitting Member,

" Lord John Townshend, delivered in a Statement as " follows — " The Right of Election is in the Inhabitants, Householders of the Parishes of Saint garet and Saint John, Saint George Hanover Square,

" Saint James Westminster, Saint Martin in

" Saint Clement Danes, Saint Mary le Strand, Saint " Mary le Sawn/, Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Ann "Soho, and the District of Martin le Grand " That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined, " That the Right of Election for the City and " Liberty of Westminster is in the Inhabitants, Householders paying Scotland Lot, within the United " Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John, and the " several Parishes of Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint " Ann, Saint James, Saint George Hanover Square, in the Liberty of Saint Martin le Grand in the County of

" Middlesex, and in so much of the Parishes of Saint

03

have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Ex ecution, an Order of Council respecting the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto; and also, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread, and Biscuit, and to permit the Importation thereof on the Low Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by Letter from His Majesty's Command, Earl Corn-

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Earl Cornwallis to Mr.

Secretary Dundas; dated Camp in Mysore, 5th April anud^atv 1792: And also, with Tippm

N° 2. Copy of the Definitive Treaty which has been. Sultaun. concluded between the Three Confederate Powers and Presents<*. Tippo Sultaun; accompanied with a Schedule of the Names of the Districts which have been ceded Prince.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The said Papers are as followeth; viz.

COPY

by that

33 6£ o. 11L 19°:

N* ».

COPY of a Letter from Earl Cornwallis to Mr. Secretary Durnlasdated Camp in 5th April 1792.

Camp, in Mysore, April 5th, 1792.

Sir,

I have the Honour to inclose a Copy of the Definitive Treaty which has been concluded between the Three Confederate Powers and Tippoo accom-

panied with a Schedule of the Names of the Districts that have been ceded by that Prince to the Allies respectively, to be laid before His Majesty.

I think it unnecessary to trouble you with a Repetition of the Contents of my Dispatch of this Date tt> the Court of Directors, which will come officially into your Hands. But 1 request that you will be pleased to communicate to His Majesty the Account contained in that Dispatch of the Circumstances that occurred between the Signature of the Preliminary Articles, and the Conclusion of the Definitive Treaty, and the Description that I have given of the Countries that have been ceded to the Company.

The Troops of the Allies will separate from us in a few Days, to return to their respective Countries; and I shall use my utmost Exertions to send all the Regiments of this Army to their Stations, in the Company's Territories, and to reduce both the Native Troops and the different public Departments to the Peace Establishment, with as little Ix>ss of Time as may be possible.

I have the Honour to be,

Sir,

Your most obedient

humble Servant,

(Signed) Cormoallis.

R‘ Hon11* Henry Dundas,

One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, &e. &c. &c.

N° 2.

COPY of the Definitive Treaty which has been concluded between the Three Confederate Powers and Tippoo Sultaun; accompanied with a Schedule of the Names of the Districts that have been ceded by that Prince.

Definitive Treaty of perpetual Friendship for the Adjustment of Affairs between the Honourable English East India Company, the Nawaub Assoph Jah Behauder, and Rmv Pundit

Purdhaun Behauder, and Tippoo Sultaun, in virtue of the Authority of the Right Honourable Charles Earl Cornwallis, Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, Governor General, &c. &c. invested with full Powers to direct and controul all the Affairs of the said Company in the East Indies, dependent on the several Presidencies of Bengal, , and

Bombay, and of the Nawaub Aziem ul Behauder, possessing full Powers on the Part of the Nawaub Assoph Jah Behauder, and Hurry Ram Pundit Tanten Behauder, possessing equal Powers on the Part of Row Pundit Purdhaun Behauder; settled the Seventeenth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two of the Christian ra, answering to the Twenty-third Day of the Month Rejeb, Vol.48.

One thousand Two hundred and Six of the Treaty Hejiree, by Sir John Kennaway, Baronet, on T>PP°° the Part of the Right Honourable Charles Earl u tann' Cormvallis, Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, &c. and Meer Aulum Behauder, on the Pari of the Nawaub Azeem ul Omrah Behauder, and Buchqjee Pundit, on the Part of Hurry Ram Pundit Tanted Behauder, on One Part, and by Golaum Ally Khan Behauder, and Ally Reza Khan, on Behalf of Tippoo Sultaun, according to the under-mentioned Articles* which, by the Blessing of God, shall be binding on their Heirs and Successors, as long as the Sun and Moon endure, and the Conditions of them be invariably observed by the Contracting Parties.

Article I.

The Friendship subsisting between the Honourable Company and the Sircar of Tippoo Sultaun, agreeably to former Treaties, the First with the late Nawaub Hyder Ally Khan, bearing Date 8th August 1770, and the other with Tippoo Sultaun of the 11 th of 1784,

is hereby confirmed and encreased, and the Articles of the Two former Treaties are to remain in full . Force, excepting such of them as by the present Engagement are otherwise adjusted; and the 8th Article of the Second above-mentioned Treaty, dated the 11 th of March 1784, corresponding with the 18th of the Month Rubble Ulsaany 1198 Hejiree, confirming all

the Privileges and Immunities of Trade which the deceased Nawaub Hyder Ally Khan granted to the said Company, by the Treaty entered into in the Year 1770, is also by virtue of the present Treaty renewed and confirmed.

Article II.

In the Fourth Article of the Preliminary Treaty entered into between the Allied Powers and the said Tippoo Sultaun, dated the 22d of Febniary 1792, corresponding with the 28th of the Month Jemadie Ulsaany 1206 Hejiree, it is written " Until the due performance of the Three foregoing Articles" (the First Article stipulating the Cession of Half the Country; the Second the immediate Payment of Half of the Sum of Money agreed to be paid, and the Remainder in Specie only at Three Instalments, not exceeding Four Months each Instalment; and the Third engaging for the Release of Prisoners) " Two " of the Sons of the said Tippoo Sultaun shall be detained as Hostageswhich Articles are confirmed by the present Instrument: Accordingly the said Tippoo Sultaun shall divide the Sum agreed to be paid at Three Instalments above-mentioned, into Three equal Parts, and shall pay to the said Three Powers their respective Shares, at the Exchange affixed for, [the Amount to be paid immediately, at such Places on the Boundaries of the Allies, as shall be determined on by them; and after the Performance of the remaining Two Articles above-mentioned, that is to say, the Cession of One Half of the Country, and the Release of the Prisoners, in case the Amount of the Three Instalments be paid by Tippoo Sultaun to the Three Powers prior to the Expiration of the Period stipulated for it, the said Sons of Tippoo Sultaun shall be immediately dismissed, and all pecuniary Demands between the Contracting Parties shall cease, and be it an End.

Article III.

By the First Article of the Preliminary Treaty, it is agreed, that One Half of the Dominions which were in the Possession of the said Tippoo Sultaun at

M the

Treaty with Tippoo Sultaun.

19° Decembris.

A. 1792.

the Commencement of the War, shall be ceded to of Tippoo Sultaun, to be ceded to the Allies, agreeably the Allies adjacent to their respective Boundaries, and to their respective Shares, is hereunto subjoined; and subject to their Selection: Accordingly, the general the Detail of them is inserted in a separate Schedule, Abstract of Countries composing Half the Dominions bearing the Seal and Signature of Tippoo Sultaun.

DISTRICTS ceded to the Honourable English Company.

Calient, 63 Talooks -Palgautcherry -

Dindigul and Pulnaveerpuckshy, 2 Talooks Selem - - - ,

Koork ——

Namkul ——

Sunkagheery - -

Barrah Mohul, 9 Talooks, vizi.

1

Barrah Mohul Cavereputtum V erbudderdrooy Ray cotta -

Kangoondie -

Darampoory - -

Pennagur -

Tingrecottah - -

Caveripoor -

Ahtoor Anuntgury Purmuttie -Sadmungul -Vamloor

64.000 ~ —

10.000 ——

8.000 ——

8.000 ——

6.000 ——

8.000 ——

10.000 ——

12.000 ——

8.000 ——

8,48,765 5 41 88,600 ——

90.000 ——

24.000 ——

8,000 ——

16.000 ——

40.000 -

1,34,000 — —

18.000 — —

14.000 ——

20.000 ——

16.000 ——

Pagodas

13,16,765 5 41

DISTRICTS ceded to the Naw&ub Aaaoph Jah Behauder.

8,33,649 3 3

2

6 10

Talook Kerr pah, 61 Talooks -

The Do&b, 15 Talooks - - - 16,48,099 3

Deduct as follows:

In the Peshwa's Share, - - 13,06,666 Remains with Tippoo Sultaun,

Anagoomdy - - - 60,101 — —

----- ----- ----- -13,66,767 6 .10

Remains to the Nawaub Assoph Jah

Banganpilly and Chinchinmulla, 2 Talooks Singputtun and Chilevara -Oak - -: -

Hanwantgoond ..... Wimpelly Vemla -

Moaka - -

In Gooty, 4 Talooks, vizi.

Tarputry Tarmurry Velanoor Singunmully -

Beswapoor -

Buthary Koorkoor, &c. 2 Talooks -

Deduct,

Remains with Tippoo Sultaun, 2 Talooks, Koorkoor and D unmoor -

Remains to the Nawaub Assoph Jah In Koorkoor -

- »9>°55 — 4

- 13,072 8 —

- 8,800 — —

- 10,855 ——

35,oooo ——

- 12,000 ——

2,8ir33i 6

41,804 9

,20,000 ——

20.000 -

15.000 — —

12,565 ——

12,162 6 14

5«,782 84

5,000 ——

23,000 -

370 2 5

Pagodas

13,16,666 6 11

33 Geo. III.

19° Decembris.

43

Tre*^ with lippoq Sultaun.

DISTRICTS ceded to Row Pundit Purdhaun Behauder.

The Do4b, 15 Talooks - - - 16,48,099 3 2

Deduct,

Remains with Tippoo Sultaun,

Anagoondy, 1 Talook - - 60,101 — - —

In the Share of the Nawaub Assoph Jah Kopeol, 8 Ta-looks - - 1,06,137 3 9

Kanechgury,

1 D* - - 79»io° ——

In Gujendery-

hur - - 96,094 2 15

----- ----- ---- 2,81,331 6 8

----- ----- ----- ---3,41,432 6 8

Remains to Row Pundit Purdhaun; vis*.

Darwar, 8 Talooks -Hawanoor, 2 D* - -Dummoor -

Bankapoor, 16 Talooks Serhutty, 4 Talooks -Ketore, 11 D* - - -Gudduck, 4 D* - -Jalichal, 5 D# - - -Dummul, 4 D® - -Shanore, 26 D° - -Lalgurry Soudunty

1,38,536

30,604

15,394

2,50,426

64,843

1,43,397

45,297

73,185

49,196

3,40,946

1,48,953

In Gujjendurghur, 8 Talooks . - - 1,01,977 9 6*

Deduct,

In the Share of the Nawaub As-

soph Jah - 96,094 2 15

8 5f

3 2 6 6

6 7

7 10

4 3

1 9

— 14

5 12

7 13

8 —

Remains to Row Pundit

Purdhaun ----- 5,^83 6 7 f

From Gooty Sundoor

---- — 13,06,666 6 10

10,000 — —

Pagodas - - 13,16,666 6 10

Grand Total - - - - 39,50,998 8 91

Article IV.

Whatever Part of Namkeel, Cave-

ripoor, Attoor, and Permutty, which, as above stated,

are comprized within the Division ceded to the aforesaid Company, shall be situated to the Northward and Eastward of the River Caveri, or if there should be any other Talooks, or Villages of Talooks, situated as above described, they shall belong to the said Company, and others of equal Value shall be relinquished by the said Company to Tippoo Sultaun in Exchange for them; and if of the above Districts there shall be any Talooks, or Villages of Taloqks, situated to the Westward and Southward of the said River, they shall be relinquished to Tippoo , in Exchange for

others of equal Value to the said Company.

Article V.

On the Ratification and mutual Exchange of this Definitive Treaty, such Districts and Forts as are to Vox. 48.

be ceded by Tippoo Sultaun, shall be delivered up, without any Cavil or Demand, for outstanding Balances; and such Talooks and Forts as are to be relinquished by the Three Powers to Tippoo Sultaun, shall in the same manner be delivered up, and Orders to this Effect, addressed to the Aumils and Commanders of Forts, shall be immediately prepared and delivered to each respectively of the Contracting Parties; on the Receipt of which Orders, the Discharge of the Money stipulated to be paid immediately, and the Release of Prisoners on aljl Sides, of which the Contracting Parties, considering God as present, and a Witness, shall release without Cavil all that are in existence, mu} shall not detain pi single Person, the Armies of the Allied Power? shall march from Seringapatam; such Forts and Places, nevertheless, as shall be in the Possession of the said Company, and on the Road by which the said Armies are to

inarch

19° Decembris.

A.1792-

Treaty march, shall not be given up until the said Armies Sultaujj1PP°° have removed the Stores, Grain, &c. and the

Sick which are in them, and shall have passed them on their Return. — As far as possible no Delay shall be allowed to occur in the said Stores, &c. being removed.

Article VI.

Whatever Guns and Shot shall be left by Tippoo Sultaun in the Forts which the said Tippoo has

agreed to cede to the Allied Powers, an equal Number of Guns and Shot shall be left in the Forts which the Allied Powers have agreed to restore to Tippoo Sultaun.

Article VII.

The Contracting Parties agree, that Zemindars and Aumildars, being in Balance to either Party, and repairing to the Country of either Party, Protection shall not be given them, and they shall be restored. — If hereafter it should happen that any Disputes arise on the Boundaries of the Allies and the said Tippoo such Disputes shall be adjusted with the Knowledge and Approbation of all Parties.

Article VIII.

The Polygars and Zemindars of this Country, who, in the Course of the present War, have attached themselves and been serviceable to the Allies, shall not, on that Account, in any Shape or Manner, be injured or molested by Tippoo Sultaun.

Whenever Three Copies of this Treaty, consisting of Eight Articles, shall be delivered by Tippoo Sultaun,

bearing his Seal and Signature, accompanied by Three Schedules also under the Seal and Signature of the said Tippoo Sultaun, specifying the Detail of the Countries ceded to the Three Powers, One to the said Company, with the Schedule, One. to the said Nawaub Assoph JahBehauder, with the Schedule, and One to

the said Row Pundit Purdhaun Behauder, with the Schedule, Three Counterparts thereof, and of the Schedule, shall be delivered to the said Tippoo Sultaun by the Allies: That is to say, One Counterpart, with the Schedule, on the Part of the said Company, bearing the Seal and Signature of the said Earl Cornwallis; One, with the Schedule, on the Part of the said Nawaub Assoph Jah Behauder, bearing the Seal and Signature of the said Nawaub and of Aziem ul Omrah Behauder; and One, with the Schedule, on the Part of the said Row Pundit Purdhaun Behauder, bearing the Seal of the said Row Pundit Purdhaun Behauder, and the Signature of the said Hurry Ram Pundit Tanted Behauder.

Signed and sealed in Camp near'j Seringapatam, this Eighteenth I Day of March, One thousand )

Seven hundred and Ninety-two. J

A true Copy.

G. F. Cherny.

Pers" Tran'.

JUMMABUNDY of the Countries which are ceded to the Honourable English East India Company by Tippoo Sultaun, according to the following Detail. Dated the 16th March 1792, corresponding to the 22.Ryel 1206 Hejiree.

Talooks appertaining to Calicut, 63 Talooks; viz.

Talooks Cusba Calicut, 3 Talooks: Cusba -Ramnayr -Purrupnayr

Talook Goorumnayr, 7 Talooks: Cusba -

Holecaut -

Paynayr ... Purmulla -

Kulkumra - -

Wurkumra -

Poelwaye - -

Talook Petudhayr, 10 Talooks: Cusba -

Mylatoor -

Angary poor Kulkundela -

Shurnayr '

Pootnauny -

Kootay -

Wunnayrgar - -

Kaupul -Wycuttycote -

Talook Weerutnayr, 4 Talooks: Cusba -Mullpoer -

Moreyoor -

Wullularycote -

Talook Shaddgar, 11 Talooks: Cusba -

Wunneerykulkyparah Kulkynayr.

38,236 8 .

8,071 7 12

8,863 3 —

12,725 14

12,957 3 5

17,630 5 14

17,015 9 —

12,513 8 3

io,537 7 2

11,564 8 8

14,736 1 14 i

12,192 13,615 4 15

4 5

9,641 3 4i

10,982 9 11

14,073 7 5

8,159 4 5

6,386 2 14

5,48o 1 4

16,701 8 —

13,515 4i

6,608 7 6

11,117 3 2

10,130 —

12,954 8 i

12,466 2 9

12,445 6 6

55,171 8 12

94,943 2 14

1,11,969 7 14

41,371 ~ 12*

Kolekullynayr

33 Geo. III.

19° Decemb.

Kolekullynayr - -

Korungelvor -

Sutwye -

Turrunganayr Hudnalukdeesk Kurrumpoola -

Turtalla -

Kowulparah -

Talook Eeraynayr, 2 Talooks: Cusba -Kublaye -

Talook Cherkul, 5 Talooks: Cusba -Puttoon -

Rundetsera -

Gowaye -

Murraye -

Talook Cote Angria, 3 Talooks Cusba Kudroor Pulchy -

Cootyary - -

Talook Kurupnayr, 3 Talooks: Cusba Kootepoor -Yerguvah -

Kawul - - - .

Talook Caneansor, 1 Talook

Talook Cochy, 14 Talooks: Toorshmerou Mukuntpoor -Cotecherry Aina Magull -Tulpooly Moloorkurra -Chaalkurra -Ailoornunaaary Chittoorlitmupgul -Alunvgaar Parsor -

Koonutnayr -Shaadmungul -Cotecherry

10,549 9 2-

7,1*7 9 14*

7,567 6 14

13,584 2 6

13,916 7 —

6,700 — - —

io,394 5 15

8,328 8 94

ii,430 3 44

4,470 4 34

2i,i73 64

-19,499 3 2*

13,137 8 1

12,176 — lOf

14,486 3 6

14,518 7 24

12,654 — 5

12,828 5 3

18,777 5 94

13,192 3 154

18,139 54

10.000

10.000

7.000

c 1

0,000

7.000

5.000

5.000

10.000

20.000

4.000

4.000

4.000

4.000

4.000

Profits on Black Pepper, Mint, and Duties on Timber, &c.

Farm of the Timber Duties 30,000 — —

Duties on Tobacco - - 2,800 — *

Mint - 30,000 ——

Black Pepper, Cocoa Nuts,

&c.. - - - - 50,000 ——

Talook Palgautcherry -

Talooks Dendigul and Pulnauflrpeeckshy: Dindigul - - . - 80,000

Pulnaieerpuckshy - - 10,000

Selern -Koork -Namkul Sunkagury Anuntgury Parmutty Vamloor Shadmungul -Barrah Mohul, 9 Talooks: Barrah Mohul Caveripoor -Caveriputtun -

Vol. 48.

1,16,025 9 41

i5,9°° 7 7*

80,472 5 10*

40,001 2 io|

50,108 9 14* 30,000 ——

1,00,000 ——

1,12,800 ——

90,000. -

64.000 8,000

10.000

N

45

Treaty

Tippoc

taun.

8,48,765 5 4*

88,00a ——

24.000 -

8,000 ——

16.000 — —

40.000 ——

18.000 -

14.000 -

16.000 -

20.000 — —

Verbudderdroog

with

Sul-

Vote of Thanks to the Marquis Cornwallis, Sir William Medows, &c* &c.

Committee

Supply.

46 - 19° — 20° Lkcembris. A. 1792.

Verbudderdroog

Raycotta -

Koongoondy

Darampoory

Pmnayur

Tingrecottap

- 8,000

- 8,000

- 6,000

- 8,000

- 10,000

- 12,000 1,34,000 — —

CuRterai Pagodas - - - 13,16,765 5 4i

The Villages of the above-mentioned Talooks shall be relinquished and retained on an Investigation on the Spot

A true Copy. O.

Pers" Trans',

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, Nemine Coniradicente, That the Thanks of

this House be given to the most Noble Mar-

quis Cornwallis, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, for his able, gallant, and meritorious Conduct during the late War in India, by which an honourable and advantageous Peace hath been obtained.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this House be given to Major General Sir William Medows, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Rath, to Major General Abercromby, and the several Officers of the Army, both European and Native, under the Command of the Marquis Cornwallis, for their gallant Conduct, and meritorious Exertions, during the late War in India.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House doth highly approve and acknowledge the Services of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Soldiers, both European and Native, in the Army serving under the Command of the Marquis Cornwallis, during the late War in India;and that the same be signified to them

by the Commanders of the several Corps, who are desired to thank them for their gallant Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Resolutions to the most Noble Charles Marquis Cornwallis, Sir William Medows, and Major General Aber-cromby.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned tilt Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 20° die Decembris;

Anno 33* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

THE House being informed that the Sheriffs of London Sew-the City of London attended at the door; they Were and Pav-caHed in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, Juion** P*" A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and 11 Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for-consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual,

" the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament,

" for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing,

" the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers within the City of " London and liberties thereof, and for paying, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets, Lanes, Squares,

" Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and " preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same," by which Act divers Powers and Authorities were given and granted to the Petitioners for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution; and that the Powers so given and granted have been found defective, and insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended: And therefore -praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, and to render the same more effectual.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Watson, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to P*opleton In-Order, a Bill for dividing. and inclosing the Open and closure Bill Common Fields, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, Prcseated-and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the'

Parish of Peopleton, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Braunston Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Mer- and Brentford chants, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are there- Petl* unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; lon‘

Setting forth, That, by a Survey lately made, it appears, that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, and other Vessels, may be made from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton,

3 through,

20° Decembris.

47

Managers appointed to make good the Impeachment against Mr. Hastings.

through, by, or near, the -several Towns of Newport Pagnell, Leighton Tiring, Watford,

and Uxbridge, and several other immediate Parishes and

Places in die Counties of Northampton, Buckingham, Bedford, Hertford, and Middlesex, to unite with the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also, to make a Collateral Cut for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, to branch from the said Canal in the Parish of in the said County of Northampton, to the East End of the Town of Daventry aforesaid, and also, another Colla-

teral Cut, for the like Purpose, to branch from the said Canal, in the Parish of Gayton, in the said County of Northampton, to or near the Town of Northampton, to join the present Navigation of the River Nen there, and also, another Collateral Cut, for the like Purpose, to branch from the said Canal, in the Parish of Cosgrove, in the said County of Northampton, to the Turnpike Road leading to London, at Old Stratford, in the said County of Northampton, and also, another Collateral Cut, for the like Purpose, to branch from the said Canal in the Parish of Rkkmansworth, in the said County of Hertford, to the Town of Watford aforesaid; and that the making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, with such other Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary from the same, and also proper Railways, and other Roads, to communicate with such Canal and Collateral Cuts, will open a certain Communication for the cheap and easy Conveyance of Goods, Wares, Provisions, and Merchandize, and all heavy Commodities, between the Irish and British Channels, and the Ports of Hull and London, and the several intermediate, populous, and . manufacturing Towns and Places, through, and by means of, the several Canals already made in the North, North Eastern, and North Western Parts of this Kingdom, whereby the Intercourse of Trade and Commerce between the Irish and British Channels, the German Ocean, and the Ports of Lynn and London, will be greatly promoted and facilitated, Manufactories encouraged and increased, and the Agriculture' of the Country throughout the Line and Neighbourhood of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts materially assisted, by being supplied with Lime and other Manure at a moderate Expence, and will tend very much to reduce the Price of Coals throughout the whole Line and Neighbourhood of the said Canal, and the said Canal ana Collateral Cuts will be, in other Respects, of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining foe said Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts, with such Railways and other Roads as aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Praed, Sir William Young, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke, Mr. Fox, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Windham, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Grey, Mr. Adam, Mr. Mr. Michael

Angelo Taylor, Mr. Dudley North, Mr. St. John, Mr. Fitzpatrick, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Courtenay, and Sir James St. Clair Erskine, be the Managers to make good foe Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Exporta- a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the

StoreL &cVal Exportation of Naval Stores, Salt Petre, Arms, and ' Ammunition.

Vol. 48.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took foe Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker, resumed foe Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported froto foe Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart acordingly reported from the reported, said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move foe House, that Leave be given to bring id a Bill to enable His Majesty to restrain the Exportation of Naval Stores, and more effectually to prevent the Exportation of Salt Petre, Arms, and Ammunition, when prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council.

And Mr. Henry Hobart moved the House accordingly* ,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill u> reenable His Majesty to restrain foe Exportation of Naval tram the Stores, and more effectually to prevent foe Exportation of Salt Petre, Arms, and Ammunition, when prohibited Stores, &c. by Proclamation or Order in Council: And that Mr. ordered. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Secretary Dundas, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report Sup-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it ply* was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had , directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where foe same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Seamen. That Twenty-five thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, including Five thousand Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. sUm for That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Mm per Seamen. Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Twenty-five thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mora- Committee ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of Ways and to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. p0,n ‘

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address for Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly desiring c°py 1°* His Majesty to direct, that there be laid before fob ^[Gower* House a Copy, or Extract, of the Instructions sent to for his qait-Earl Gower, His Majesty's Ambassador to the Most ting Paris. Christian King, signifying His Majesty's Pleasure that he should quit Paris.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and foe Question was pro- Motion for posed, That an humble Address be presented to Hb Address re- Majesty, humbly to beseech His Majesty to take into aUed Sea- His Royal Consideration the Situation of all poor, men, with-worn out, and disabled Seamen of His Majesty's Navy, drawn, who have been or maybe approved by the Commissioners of foe Admiralty as fit Objects to be received into the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, and cannot thereupon be admitted into the said Hospital for

Committee on Corn Indemnity Bill

Answer to Address.

Alasham

Inclosure

Petition.

48 20° — 21°

for Want of Room; and that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions that such certain Provision uiaybe made for their Relief and Support, until they can be admitted into the said Hospital, as His Majesty in His great Wisdom shall think proper; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good such sixpence as shall be incurred on that Account.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Decembris. , 1792.

but would also be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Moors and Commons, (except as aforesaid) in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer, of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. W do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for indemnifying tdl Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of Couocil respecting the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, for preventing Suits in Consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto; and also, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread, and Biscuit, and to permit the Importation thereof on the Low Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry, Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vetter is, 21° die Decembris',

Anno 33# Georgi 111'" Regis, 1792. Praters.

THE Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (humbly desiring His Majesty to direct, that there be laid before this House a Copy, or Extract, of the Instructions sent to Earl Gower, His Majesty's Ambassador to the Most Christian. King, signifying His Majesty's Pleasure that he should quit Paris) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the Several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor of Masham and in the North

Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor, open uninclosed Moors and Commons, of very large Extent; and that some Part thereof is capable of i Improvement, by Inclosure and Cultivation, and the Petitioners are desirous that the said Moors and Commons (except that Part thereof known by the Name or Names of Rawmoor, otherwise Roomer, and Notwith, and such Part of the High Moors as shall be deemed.more proper to remain uninclosed) should be divided among them in Proportion to their respective Rights and Interests therein, which Division and Inclosure would not only be very advantageous to all Persons interested in the Premises, and tend to the Improvement of their respective Estates and Interests within the said Manor of Masham and Mashamshire,

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom Braonston the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the hum- and Brent-ble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergymen, f»rd Canal Merchants, Tradesmen,' and others, whose Names PeJ^u re* are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Com- ** mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Jessop, being examined, said, That a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, and other Vessels, may be made from the Oxford Canal Navigation, at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, through, by, or near the several Towns of Daventry, Newport Leighton Buzzard, Tring, Watford, and Uxbridge, and several other intermediate Parishes and Places in the Counties of Northampton, Buckingham, Bedford, Hertford, and Middlesex, to unite with the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex; and also, a Collateral Cut, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, to branch from the said Canal in the said Parish of Daventry, in the said County of Northampton, to the East End of the Town of Daventry aforesaid; and also, another Collateral Cut for the like Purpose, to branch from the said Canal, in the Parish of Gauton, in the said County of Northampton, to or near the Town of Northampton, to join the present Navigation of the River Nen there; and also, another Collateral Cut for the like Purpose, to branch from the said Canal, in the Parish of Cosgrove, in the said County of Northampton, to the Turnpike Road leading from London, at Old Stratford, in the said County of Northampton-, and also, another Collateral Cut, for the like Purpose, to branch from the said Canal, in the Parish of Rickmansworth, in the said County of Hertford, to the Town of Watford aforesaid.

And being further examined, he said, That the making and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, with such other Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary from the same, and also proper Railways, and other Roads, to communicate with such Canal and Collateral Cuts, will open a certain Communication for the cheap and easy Conveyance of Goods, Wares, Provisions, and Merchandize, and all heavy Commodities, between the Irish and British Channels, and the Ports of Hull and London, and the several intermediate populous, and manufacturing Towns and Places, through and by means of the several . Canals already made in the North, North Eastern, and North Western Parts of this Kingdom, whereby the Intercourse of Trade and Commerce between the Irish and British Channels, the German Ocean, and the Ports of Lynn and will be

greatly promoted and facilitated, Manufactories encouraged and increased, and the Agriculture of the Country throughout the Line and Neighbourhood of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, materially assisted, by being supplied with Lime and other Manure at a moderate Expence, and will tend very much to re-

duce

duce the Price of Coals throughout the whole Line and Neighbourhood of the said Canal; and the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, will be, in other Respects, of great Public Utility.

And the Witness added, That he believes the making the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, will be of more general Public Benefit, than any Canal hitherto projected in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a' Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal: And that Mr. Praed, Sir William Young, and Mr. Mills, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the against the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navi-and Seu" S^ons, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Osk Canal forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, Bill. that a Petition hath been presented by the Company

of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation,- for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said Dudley Canal at in

the Parish of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, to join the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making, at or near a Place called Selly Oak, in the Parish of Northfield, in the said County of Worcester, with Two Collateral Cuts in the said Petition mentioned; and Alledging, that the Petitioners many Years ago made a Canal from the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to- communicate with the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal at Autherley, near Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, which has been completed at the Expence of upwards of 112,000, besides a Rent Charge payable by the Company of

£.550 a Year, and the Petitioners have since made considerable Improvements, in the said Canal, by removing several Locks and other Impediments, at an Expence of near £. 40,000, without laying any additional Charge on the Public; and that the Petitioners have also, by virtue of an Act passed in the Year 1783, made a Navigable Canal from a Place near Riders Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and several Collateral Cuts from the same to several Coal Mines, and also a Navigable Canal from or near the said Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal, at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tajnworth, in -the said Coilnty of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part Of the said Town of Birmingham, which last mentioned Canals have been completed at the Expence of upwards of £. 110,000, and an additional Rent Charge of £. 1,200, a Year, so that the Money, already expended by the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, in completing the said several Canals and Collateral Cuts, amounts to upwards of £.262,000, besides the Rent Charges of £.550 and £. 1,200 a Year, and the Proprietors now owe upwards of £. 97,000 upon the Credit of the said Canal; and that the Stock of the Company consists of Five Hundred Shares, of which only One Hundred and Thirty-two are now held by Original Subscribers or their Families, that the Remainder of the Shares have been purchased by the Holders of them at large Premiums, thfe Dividends on some of the Shares that have been purchased do not pay the Holders Three per Cent. Interest, and a considerable Number of the Shares are held by, or in Trust for, Widows and Children, or are in the Hands of Mortgagees, as Securities for Money advanced on them; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the proposed Canal from or near to Netherton, to join the Worcester and Birmingham Canal at or near Oak, must be considered

as a parallel Canal to the present Birmingham and

Vol. 48.

Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, and must eventually be very injurious to the Petitioners as the Proprietors thereof; and that the Petitioners are advised, that the Proprietors of the Dudley Canal, by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, are already possessed of Powers to make a Railway to Mines within One Thousand Yards from the End of their present Canal to communicate to the Coal Mines at or near Netherton, and, by another Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the Company of Proprietors of the Dudley Canal have Powers to make any Cut or Cuts, from any Part or Parts of the said Dudley Canal between the Southern End of the Dudley Tunnel Extension and a Place called Black Delph, for any Distance not exceeding Two Thousand Yards, with the Consent of the Landholders, by which they may extend their present Canal to the Coal Mines at and near to Netherton, at a small Expence, and will not only be enabled to carry Coals to Birmingham, but also to Stourport, and from thence down the Severn to Worcester, which is Three Miles nearer than by the Birmingham and Worcester Canals; and that Application is intended to be made to Parliament for a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Oldbury, through the Townships of Oldbury and Wyrley Wigorn, in the Parish of Halesowen, and Counties of Salop and Worcester, and through the Parish of Row-ley Regis, in the County of Stafford, to or near Netherton aforesaid, and the making such last mentioned Canal will, as the Petitioners apprehend, be equally, if not more beneficial to the Public than the other proposed Canal, and will not be attended with any Injury to the Interests of the Petitioners; and that the said Canal from Netherton to Selly Oak will pass, for the Length of Ten Miles and an Half, or thereabouts, through a valuable Tract of Country, whereby a very considerable Quantity of Land must be destroyed, whereas the proposed Canal from Oldbury to Netherton will only be of the Extent of Four Miles and an Half, or thereabouts, and will open a shorter Communication to the same Mines from the Town of Birmingham than that which will be opened by the other intended Canal:

And therefore praying, That the said first-mentioned Bill may not pass into , a Law, and that they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to die Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or near, Selly Oak, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, be.brought in.

Mr. Speaker informed the House, That the Petition Mr. Speaker of Percival Lewis, Esquire, and others, whose Names informs the are thereunto subscribed, who are Freeholders of the ^Petition County of Radnor, presented to this House upon the complaining 14th Day of December 1790, and renewed in the last of Radnor Session of Parliament, complaining of the undue Elec- Election bad tion and Return of Thomas Johries, Esquire, for the newed^dtc*" said County of Radnor (which Petition was depending ' before the House at the End of the last Session) had not been renewed in the present Session of Parliament; and that, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials " of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to " serve in Parliament," Mr. Speaker had certified into the Court of Exchequer the Recognizance entered into before him, on the 17th Day of December 1790, by the said Percival Lewis and Humphry Stephens, of Park Street, Grosvenor Square, in the County of Mid-

dlesex, a Major General in His Majesty's Service, and Edwin Francis Stanhope, of Queen Street, May Fair, in

O the

Mr. Speaker informs the House, that the Petition complaining of Stirling, Inverkeithing, &c. Burghs Election had not been renewed, dec.

Sowerby Bridge and Cornbrook Canal Petition.

21° Decembris.

A. 1792.

the same County, Esquire, in respect of the said Petition, and had also certified the Default which had been made in the Performance of the Condition of the said Recognizance.

Mr. Speaker also informed the House, That the Petition of James Francis Erskine, Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, presented to

and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, Mr.

this House upon the 16th Day of May 1791, and re- force, c.: And they are to meet upon Monday

newed in the last Session of Parliament, complaining 141 — XT:"- — c *u~ rM — ' *u~ c — 1 — '-

of the undue Election and Return of the Honourable Andrew Cochrane, for the District of Boroughs of Stirling, Inverkeithing, Dunfermline, Culross, and Queensferry, (which Petition was depending before the House at the End of the last Session) had not been renewed in the present Session of Parliament; and that, in

Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in live Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, accord- Bill to re-ing to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to restrain 8tr®n the the Exportation of Naval Stores, and more effectually

Copy of1"

SffOCUO"*1

[arlGo*

tfilbesbo afllt Pdf15' presented-

pursuance of an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of to prevent the Exportation of Salt Petre, Arms, and store*, &c. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act 1 T'

" for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Membere to serve in Parliament," Mr. Speaker had certified into the Court of Exchequer the Recognizance entered into before him, on the 24th Day of May 1.791, by the said James Francis Erskine, and Edward Addison, of Surrey Street, in the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and James Henry

Ammunition, when prohibited by Proclamation or presented. Order in Council: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next -

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Corn Indent-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom nity Bill re-Casemajor, of Upper Harley Street, in the Parish of the Bill for indemnifying all Persons who have been P°r,ed>#n(1 Saint Mary-le-Bone, in the said County, Esquire, in concerned in advising, or carrying into execution, an recommitu

respect of the said Petition, and had also certified the Order of Council respecting the Exportation of Wheat Default which had been made in the Performance of and Wheat Flour, for preventing Suits in Conse-the Condition of the said Recognizance. quence of the same, and for making further Provi-

sions relative thereto; and also, for authorizing His A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, Land Owners, Flour, Bread, and Biscuit, and to permit the Impor-and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, tation thereof on the Low Duties, was committed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, the Amendments which the Committee had made to That, by Surveys lately taken, it appears practicable the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to make a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and other Vessels, from the Colder Navigation, at or and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-

near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, by way of Todmorden, through the Parishes of Rochdale, Middleton, and Prestwick cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to join and communicate with the Canal of the Duke of Bridgewater, at or near a Place called Cornbrook, in the Parish of Manchester, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and that certain Navigable Branches may be made, one from such intended Canal, in the Township of CastleUm, in the said Parish of Rochdale, to or near a Place called The School Lane, in the said Township, and the other from such intended Canal in the said Parish of Manchester, into the said Parish of Prestwick cum Oldham; and that the making and maintaining such Canal and Branches, together with such other Navigable Branches or Cuts as may be found necessary, and also proper Towing Paths, Railways, and other Roads to the said Canal and Branches, will be the

ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That severed other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the stud considered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

Means of opening a certain Communication for the That they had made several other Amendments to the

Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Coal, Stone, and Slate, between the East and West Seas, whereby the Trade and Manufactures of many very considerable Towns and Places will be greatly promoted and facilitated, and the Agriculture of a very

Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the reported, said Committee, the Amendments which the Commit-

populous Country materially assisted, by being sup- tee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed plied with Lime, and other Manure, at a moderate ' ' ' ‘ ' *' IT ' '

Expence, and also, that such Canal, by Means of its Junction with the Canal of the Duke of Bridgewater, will open a Navigable Communication with the several Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Leicester, as well as with the Port of Bristol, and the Towns upon the River Severn, and will be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Canal, and Navigable Branches and Cuts, with proper Reservoirs, Towing Paths, Railways, and other Roads to communicate therewith, in such Manner,

8

him to report to the Hoqse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr.

w,]

fern

Hti

38 Geo. III.

21*^04? Decembris.

51

Copy of In- Mr. Secretary Dunim presented to the Houm, pur-stractions to suant to their Address to His Majesty,

Lari Gower Copy of the Instructions sent to Earl Gower, His

ZheThgouldMA^^iA"^d?' to the Most Christian King, signifying His Majesty s Pleasure that he should quit Paris.

quit Paris, (resented.

And the Title of the said Paper was read. And the said Paper was also read.

The said Paper is as followeth; via.

Copy of the Instructions sent to Earl Gower, His Majesty's Ambassador to the Most Chris- — King, signifying His Majesty's Pleasure he should quit Par,

tian that he

My Lord, Whitehall, August 17th, 1792.

In the absence of Lord Grenville, I have received and laid before the King your Excellency's Dispatch, N* 40.

His Majesty'learns, with the deepest Concern, the Height to which the Distractions in Paris have been carried, and the deplorable Consequences to which they have led, which are doubly affecting to His Majesty, from the Regard which His Majesty invariably feels for the Persons of their Most Christian Majesties, and His Interest in their Welfare, as well as from the Wishes which He forms for the Tranquillity and Prosperity of a Kingdom with which He is in Amity.

Under the present Circumstances, as it appears that the Exercise of the Executive Power has been withdrawn from his Most Christian Majesty, the Credential, under which your Excellency has hitherto acted, can be no longer available. And His Majesty judges it proper on this Account, as well as most conformable to the Principles of Neutrality, which His Majesty has hitherto observed, that you should no longer remain at Paris. It is therefore His Majesty's Pleasure that you should quit it, and repair to England, as soon as you conveniently can, after procuring the neeessory Passports.

In any Conversation which you may have Occasion to hold, previous to your Departure, you will take Care to make your Language conformable to the Sentiments which are now conveyed to you; and you will particularly take every Opportunity of expressing that, while His Majesty intends strictly to adhere to the Principles of Neutrality, in respect to die Settlement of the Internal Government of France, He, at the same Time, considers it as no Deviation from those Principles, to manifest, by all the Means in His Power, His Solicitude for the personal Situation of their Most Christian Majesties, and their Royal Family; and He earnestly and anxiously hopes that they will, at least, be secure from any Acts of Violence, which could not fail to produce one universal Sentiment of Indignation through every Country of Europe.

Luna, S4* die Decembris;

Anno 33* Georgii III*" Regis, 179a,

Praters.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had Answer of 8h received, from Major General Sir William Me-daws, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, Thanbi. ° the following Letter, In Return to the Thanks of this House, signified to him by Mr. Speaker, in Obedience to their Commands, of Wednesday last;

Mr. Speaker,

I am this Moment favoured with your Letter of the a 1st Instant, and, as I have ever-thought the Approbation of my County, not only the highest Honour, but the greatest possible Reward, I feel most sensibly this flattering Mark of it; to which if any Thing could add, it would be the very obliging Manner in which you appear to take such Pleasure in the Communication.

I have the Honour to be. Sir,

With the most grateful Respect,

My Country's devoted, and your Obliged, and obedient,

Will" Medows.

London, December and, 1793.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt be added to the Gen- Member demen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a *Med to Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Merton"and" the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Seliy Oai* Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or Canal Bill, near, Seliy Oak, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according Matham Into Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing. Part of the closure Bill Moors and Wastes within the Manor of Masham and presented. Mashamshire, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prohibit the Circulation of Promissory or other Notes, Orders, Undertakings, or Obligations, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, created and issued under, or in the Name of, aay Public Authority in France: And that Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill to pro. hibit the Circulation of Notes issued, by Public Authority in France, ordered.

(Signed)

Henry Dundas.

Ordered, That tile said Paper do Me upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The-other Orders of the Day being read;

1 Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mora-

ferml. " ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Rtsohod, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-Means de- ing neat, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred. House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then tile House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 48.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Corn Indem. Reading of the Bdi (aow ingroesed) for indemnifying "uy Bill de. all Persons who have been concerned in adviaiag, or terr? ' carrying into Execution, an Order of Council respecting the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Floor, for prevoQthw Suits-in Consequence of the same, and for raebiag further Provisions relative thereto; and also, for authorkoag His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread and Biscuit, and to permit the Importation thereof on the Low Duties, be non read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bid be read the Third Time-upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to restrain the Expor- ®,n.to £e* tation of Naval Stores, and more effectually to pre- portion 0*" vent the Exportation of Soil Petre, Arms, and Am- Naval stom, munition, when prohibited by Proclamation or Order &c. cotn-

W

24° Decembris.

A. 1792.

Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces, for the Year 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Of-Resotved, That this House will, upon Wednesday fleers, for the Year 1793, be referred to the said Com-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the mittee.

in Council, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved \That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Committee of Supply.

Army Estimates — and Ordnance

whole House, upon the said Bill.

' The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of several Counties in South Britain, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Contingencies, and of the Allowance of Bread and Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces, in Necessaries, and Poundage, for the Embodied Militia, ~ ' ' ~ for the Year 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1793, approved by Lieutenant General Lord Adam Gordon, Commander in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot In New of His Majesty's Forces there, be referred to the said South Wales, from 25th December 1792 to 24th Decern- Committee.

ber 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In-the said Committee. Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the the said Hospital, for the Year 1793, be referred to the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, said Committee.

Estimate re- Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey, from 25th De-

fined* ' cember 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those

for the Year 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Difference between the British and Irish Establishments of Five Regiments of Foot, serving in Gibraltar and the West Indies, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1793, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Ad-ditionals to the Regiment of light Dragoons, serving in East India, and of Nine Recruiting Companies belonging to Regiments of Foot on the like Service, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Recruiting and - Contingencies of His Majesty's Land Forces, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to the Troops in Great Britain, and of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to-Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Johnstone s

Name Petition.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1793 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Petition of the unfortunate Debtors confined in Liverpool the Borough Gaol of Liveroopl, was presented to the ® House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and on* praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Neihertou Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Naviga- and SellvOak Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the ble Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Canal Bill Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, Presented-Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Com- now making at, or near, Selly Oak, in the said County, missary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advo- and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

cate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1793,. be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Peopleton Common Fields, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, inclosureBitt and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the comnutte ' Parish of Peopleton, in the County of Worcester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Lygon, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition

Johnstone's a Petition of Richard Johnstone Vanden Bempdi, lioo?* Pet*" Esquire (lately called Richard Johnstone) was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That John Vanden Bempdi, late of the Parish of Saint James, in the Liberty of Wes, and County of Middlesex, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament in Writing bearing date the 8th day of March 1725, gave and devised all and every his Manors, and other Hereditaments and Real Estate in England, to certain Trustees, and their Heirs, Tipon the several Trusts thereinafter declared, and in Part herein after mentioned (that is to say) That his said Trustees should, by such Ways and Means as Counsel should advise, settle and assure his said Estates (except a certain Part thereof, subject. as in his said Will is mentioned) to and upon his Grandson George Johnstone, therein mentioned to be one of the Sons of his Daughter the Marchioness Dowager of Annandale, for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, Remainder to Trustees to support Contingent Uses, and after his Decease, to the First and other of the Sons of his Body, severally and successively in Tail Male, and for Want of such Issue to John Johnstone, therein mentioned to be the other Son of the said Marchioness of Annandale, during the Term of his Natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with like Remainders to Trustees to support Contingent Uses, and after. his Decease to the First and other Sons of the said John Johnstone, severally and successively in Tail Male, and for Default of such Issue, to any of the Sons of his Daughter that should be nominated by any Husband whom she should marry, with Remainders over; and the said Testator did by his said Will further direct, that all Persons who should enjoy the said Estates in their own Right, by virtue of his said Will, should take upon them and use.his Surname, and the Coat of Arms of the Vanden and

that in case either of his said Grandchildren, or any Husband or Issue Male of his said Daughter, or any of her Daughters, or their Husbands, should not, within Six Calendar Months next after he or she should be entitled to take his Real Estates in Possession, by or according to the Limitations aforesaid, being then of the full Age of Twenty-three Years, or else within Six Calendar Months next after he or she should attain such Age, take upon himself and herself the Surnames of Vanden Bempdi, and likewise endeavour to obtain and use the Coat of Arms belonging to the Family of the Vanden Bempdi's, and should Dot, before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, or the next Session after that, continuing to sit Two Months, endeavour to obtain an Act of Parliament for taking such Name and Coat of Arms, then the Estates and Trusts thereinbefore intended for the Benefit of such Person guilty of such Neglect should cease and be void, and his said Estates respectively should go over to the next in Remainder, as if such Person so neglecting was naturally dead without Issue; and that the Testator died in or about the Year 1725, leaving the said Marchioness Dowager of Annandale his only Child, and the said John Johnstone, the Grandson, departed this Life, without Issue, in the Life Time of the said Marchioness, who died in or about the Year 1762, leaving the said George. Johnstone (afterwards Marquis of Annandale)and Three other Children, of whom

the Petitioner is the elder, and the said Marquis of Annandale departed this Life sometime in the Month of April last, unmarried, whereupon the Petitioner is become entitled to take in Possession the said Estates of the said John Vanden Bempdi the Testator, and the Petitioner hath taken upon himself, and used the Surname of Vanden Bempdi, and no other Surname, and doth bear the Coat of Arms of the said Testator's Name and Family pursuant to the said Will, and is willing and desirous that he and the Heirs Male of his Body may be enabled to take and use the Surname of Vanden Bempdi, and bear the Arms of Vanden Bempdi Vol, 48.

only, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable him and the Heirs Male of his Body to take the Surname and bear the Arms of Vanden Bempdi, pursuant to the said Will of the said John Vanden Bempdi the Testator.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Strutt, Sir James Murray, and Mr. Cochrane, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, to Sowerby whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, ! an* Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, Land Owners, canal Peti-and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was tionreported. referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House,* relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Crosley, an Engineer, being examined, said,

That, from a Survey he has taken, it is practicable to make a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the Colder Navigation at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, by Way of Todmorden, through the Parishes of Rochdale, Middleton, and Prestwick cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to join and communicate with the Duke of Bridgewater's Cana) at or near a Place called Cornbrook, in' the Parish of Manchester; and that certain Navigable Branches may be made, as stated in the Petition. — -Then,

Mr. John Royds being examined, said, That the making and maintaining such Canal and Branches, together with such other Navigable Branches or Cuts as may be found necessary, with proper Towing Paths, Railways, and Roads, will be the Means of opening a certain Communication for the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Coal, Stone, and Slate, between the East and West Seas, whereby the Trade and Manufactures of many very considerable Towns and Places will be greatly promoted and facilitated, and the Agriculture of a very populous Country materially assisted, by being supplied with Lime and other Manure at a moderate Expence; and that such Canal, by Means of its Junction with the Duke of Bridgewater's Canal, will open a Navigable Communication with the several Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Leicester, as well as with the Port of Bristol, and the Towns upon the River and will also be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal: And that Mr. Blackbume and Colonel Egerton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the de* whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising rre the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next,- Ten of the Clock.

P

54 26° Decpflbm> . 1792.

Mercyrii, 2,6* Qfccmbris;

Anna 33' - Georgii III*1 Regis. 179a. PETERS.

Ipswich and Tk /FR. Crespigay reported team the Committee, to Cieydon IVA whom the Petition of several Trustees for put-Road Peti- ting in Execution certain Acts of Parliament, of the 1 nrepor . ^th and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ipswich to Cieydon, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to- Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Hare, Surveyor of the Roads, being examined, said, That a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which Money cannot be paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, and some further Powers given: And he added, that there are two Pieces of Road communicating with the Roads comprized in the stud Acts, the onp leading from Lanthorn Green, through Brome,

Oalcley, and Sturstoy, to the Place where the Scole Inn Road bra, nche$ off for Palgrave and Botesdale, and the other from The White Horse in Hawleigh to the Bounds of the Parish of Hawkigh, where the Road branches off

for the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, which are greatly out of Repair, and m some Parts very incommodious for Passengers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended and repdered commodious by the ordinary Couse of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads from Ipswich to the Scale Inn Road, and from Cieydon to the Bury Saint Edmunds Road, at the End of the Bounds of the Parish of Hflxvlpigh, and from Yaxley Bull to Eye, and from

Eye to lanthornGreen, in the County of Suffolk: And that Mr. Crespigny and Mr. RandyU Burch do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Lord Arden, from the Commissioners for exe- Estimate* curing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Ordinary presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to a"*!, Extra His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1793: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for toe Year 1793.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth; viz.

ABSTRACT

33 Geo. III.

26° Decembris.

55

ABSTRACT of the Okdinaby Estimate of the NAVY, for the Year 1793.

Navy

Estimate*.

N*

1. To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating thereto ——

2. Superannuated Sea Officers

3. Pensions, and other Allowances

32,595

10,938

17 61 19 5J

4*> / Chatham - - 4,200 5 — \

5- - Deptford - T - - - 3,585 l8 —

6. Yards ( Woolwich - 4,057 l6 —

7- Portsmouth - - -

8. - Sheerness - - - - 2,434 8 6

- Plymouth - - - - 4,946 7 8J

10. Muster Master, and other Officers of the Out Ports ——

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings, and of Harbour Rigging -

14. Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, 1

Buildings, &c. ----.....- -J

15. Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers - -

16. Bounty to Chaplains ——

17. Ordinary Charge of the V ictualling Establishment

18. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen - -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the'Year 1793 - £.

To the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital at for the'

Support and Relief of Seamen worn out and become decrepid in the Service of their Country, who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital, for the Year 1793, Ten thousand Pounds -

£ s. d.

58,442 17 1 43,534 16 11

25,351 5 2

4,508 6 ii 80,445 14 7 33,838 10 lo

40,420 --

171,580 ——

166,000 — — 1,231 17 6

37,690 19 10 6,160 17 —

669,205 5 10

10,000 ——

679,205 5 10

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1793, amounts to Six hundred and seventy-nine Thousand Two hundred and Five Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence.

Henry Martin. J. Henslow. Geo. Marsh.

Geo. Rogers. IV. Bellingham. E. Le Cras. Sam! Wallis.

Vol. 48.

Man*.

fc.

g

H-

1 n' CD Q.

cr

w

I as

£<3

Mem'.

The Piers of the Double Dock at Portsmouth being discovered to have great Weakness, and to require immediate Attention, and that Dock being to be made new; and some Defects being also perceived in the Bason Gates; — It is absolutely necessary that the New South Doek; now in Hand, should be forwarded with all possible Dispatch: — For these Reasons we have thought it proper to insert a specific Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds for the said New Dock, which will enable us nearly to complete it in the ensuing Year. — And as the Sides of the Inner Mast Pond have lately given way, and require immediate Attention, this, together with the forming a Dam for carrying on the Works, of the Double Dock, and the other Works necessary to be brought forward in Portsmouth Yard, will require the Sums, as inserted, against each respectively, in the following Account.

NAVY OFFICE, 22d December 1792.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and otlief Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be-done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year . 1793. — Prepared pursuant to a Precept of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 18th Instant.

PLACE WHERE. GUNS. SHIPS NAMES. BUILDING, or Nature of their REPAIR.

Taken in Hand.

Deptford - 74 Mars - Building - In Hand -

50 Firm - - Building - - - In Hand -

Sloop Hawke - Building - - - - In Hand -

32 Southampton - Great Repair - - In Hand -

Quebec - Middling Repair - - Uncertain -

— Thames - Small Repair ' - - - Uncertain -

28 Carysfort - Middling Repair - Uncertain -

Sloop Inspector Middling Repair - Uncertain -

Woolwich 98 Ocean - Building - . - In Hand -

74 Minotaur - Building - - - In Hand -

Centaur - Building - - In Hand -

32 Pallas - - Building - - - In Hand -

50 Isis - Great Repair - - In Hand -

32 Ambuscade - - Middling Repair - - July 1793 -

28 Dido - - Small Repair - - In Hand -

— Vestal - - Small Repair - - February 1793

Sloop Zebra - - Between Small and Middling Repair Uncertain -

Chatham - 98 Temeraire „ Ordered to be built - -

74 Arrogant - Middling Repair - - In Hand -

74 Bellona - Middling Repair - - In Hand -

Thunderer - Middling Repair - - In Hand -

— Venerable - Small Repair - - February 1793

— Resolution - - Small Repair - - April 1793

— Defiance - Middling Repair - - May 1793

Time when may be > Charge of the TOTAL.

Completed. Hulls, Masts, and Yards. Rigging and Stores.

Uncertain - - £ 11,200 £ . £ 11,200

- Uncertain - . - 3,260 . 3,260

- Uncertain - - - 3,700 - 3,700

- February 1793 - - - 2,000 1,130 3,130

- Uncertain - - 3,200 1,640 4,840

- Uncertain - - - 2,800 2,160 4,960

- Uncertain - - - 5,780 1,190 6,970

- Uncertain - - - 3,200 1,390 4,590

Uncertain - 5,000 ... 5,000

- Complete except Launching - - 1,200 1,200

- Uncertain - - - 7,100 . 7,100

- Uncertain - - - 770 1,770 2,540

- June 1793 - . - 9,000 5,030 14,030

- Uncertain - - - 3,300 . 3,300

Japuary 1793 . - 500 390 890

- Uncertain - . - 1,200 3,180 4,380

- Uncertain - - i,73 1,030 2,760

- Uncertain - . 9)4io - 9,410

March 1793 - - 3,500 220 3,720

- February 1793 _ - - 3,79° 730 4,520

- May 1793 - - - 9,600 - 9,600

- June 1793 - - - 4,500 - 4,500

- Uncertain - . - 2,700 - - - 2,700

- Uncertain - - 6,600 - 6,600

a

L.

26° Decembris. . 1792.

o

ot

Sheerness

Portsmouth - -

Plymouth

D

CO'

r — H

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

FT

50

32

28

74

44

32

50

28

Sloop

98

50

Sloop

.98

74

76

74

38

28

Ho

80

98

74

3®

20

44

Zealous -Grampus Blonde -Rose -Robust

Bellerophon -Roebuck Magicienne -

Antelope Jupiter Maidstone Thorn - *

Prince of Wales Dreadnought Tiger -Swift -Barfleur Triumph Canada Elizabeth Arethusa Aurora -

Hibernia Caesar -Formidable Bombay Castle Carnatic Amazon Camilla Adventure Severn

Smalt Repair - - - - f July ] 793 -

Middling Repair - May 1793

Small Repair - - - October 1793

Small Repair - August 1793

For completing her Furniture and Stores -For completing her Furniture and Stores -For completing her Furniture and Stores -For completing her Hull -

Building - - .

Between Middling and Great Repair Middling Repair

Middling Repair.

Building - -

Building -

Building - - —

Building -

Between Small and Midling Repair Great Repair -

Small Repair -

Between Small and Middling Repair Great Repair ..... Great Repair -

.Building Middling Repair Middling Repair , Middling Repair Great Repair - - .

Small Repair

For completing her Furniture and for completing her Furniture and

In Hand -In Hand -Uncertain > In Hand -

In Hand -In Hand In Hand -In Hand -In Hand -In Hand -January 1793 May 1793-In Hand In Hand -

In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand In Hand Uncertain Uncertain Stores -Stores -

Uncertain -Uncertain -Uncertain -Uncertain -

Uncertain -Uncertain - T

Uncertain - - _

June 1793 - . ' .

April 1793 -Uncertain -Uncertain -June 1793 -Uncertain -Uncertain -

April 1793- _ .

Uncertain *

February 1793 _

February 1793 -

Uncertain - .

Complete except Launching Uncertain -Uncertain ... Uncertain - .

Uncertain - _

Uncertain -

Total for the Ships in the King's Yards

MERCHANTS YARDS

River Thames - 32 Dedalus Great Repair - In Hand -

Andromache - - . Great Repair - . - r . - In Hand -

Frinsbury - - — . Concord^ Great Repair - - In Hand -

Bucklershard - 36, 5" Margarita Great Repair - - In Hand -

January 1793 January 1793

March 1793

February 1793 -

Total

Grand Total for the Ships

- 2,600 " " " 1 2,600

- 7,000 2,780 9,780

- 560 1,200 1,760

- 1,100 1,250 2,350

240 240

- - - - 160 160

- - - - 740 740

80 - -. - 80

1,200 6,500 _ . 1,200

- 3,000 9,500

- 1,900 2,180 2,050 3,950

- 1,170 3,350

5,810 3,990 9,800

mm 11,100 mm m m 11,100

- 2,100 - - -- 2F, I<WJ

3,200 1,830 5,030

- 4,9°° - 4>9oo

-s l8,6do 760 19,360

- 8,660 - - - 8,660

- - 11,300 - b39° 12,690

- 2,000 - ... - 2,000

2,000 r - - - 2,000

- 4,900 - -- 4,900

- m . 3,450 3,450

- i4,3°o- f -r mm mm 14,300

- - 11,740 " 1 IS 740

- 11,300 3,000 i4,3®o

- 6,500 3,000 8,500

- 2,200 1,760 3,96o

150 150

- 450 4.»o

- 247^70 52,430 3001,000

1,580 720 2,300

Or m m »*Spo>

- 2,080 - - - 2,080 ,

- - *,830 -

rnm \ 1 i *,9$* n 7,710

- 254,56o $3,150 307,710

3

s?

m . %

III oaa 66

D

cq'

rt

n'

CD

CL

cr

Woolwich

Chatham

POETSMOUTH

Plymouth

?J

On Works of the Yards.

To complete the Wharf Wall to the Inner Mast Pond, Four Bays of Mast Houses, Wharf Wall, and Mast House Slip in Front of the said Mast Houses . - - - _ " _

To complete the New Mould Loft ——

C*

GO

To building Part of the New Rigging House? dig out the Foundation, work up the Walls, and put on the Lower Rigging Floor -

To complete the New Smith's Shop - - - _ - _ .

To 215 Feet running of Stone Wharf to the Inner Mast Pond,' to be done with Purbeck Ashler -

To carrying on the New South Dock - -

To 400 Feet running of Dwarf Stone Wharf to the Mast House Slip - - ----- l-

To 80 Feet limning of Stone Wharf to the West Front of the New Ground - -

To making a Dam for carrying on the Works of the Double Dock, in the Manner proposed - - - . - .

i*

To blowing and levelling the Rock of White House Hill ——

To completing the Timber Work of the North Middle Jetty Head, and Wharf Wall under - - - ... _ -

Towards building the West Cross New Storehouse - - - _

Towards building the Wharf Wall of the Large South Jetty Head. - - - _

Towards digging away the Rock which the Old House Carpenter's Shop stood on - - - - _ - -

Towards building a Wall, digging and blowing away the Rock, &c\ at the East End of the Plank Houses that stand over the Mast Locks, in order to form the Roads between the Plank and Rope Houses - - - - r -

To completing the East Cross New Store House - - - .

To completing the New Armourer's and Plumber's Shops, &c\ - - - .

Towards digging away the Rock at the North Part of the Yard, and clearing the Ground for building the Bricklayer's and Mason's Pounds -Towards building the New Bricklayer's and Mason's Pounds, &c\ - - - - - .

Towards building a New Working Shed between the Docks, on the Ground whereon the Old Pitch House stood - -

Total

Grand Total for the Ships brought forward - - - 1; Grand Total

For die Ships in His Majesty's Yards

For the Ships in Merchants Yards Towards the Improvements in the Yards -

ABSTRACT:

IfHulls - -

(Rigging and Stores

! f Hulls

' \Rigging and Stores

- 247,570'!

- 52,430/

- 6,9901

720/

300,000

7,710 80,000

Grand Total - - 387,710

Viz'.

X

12,500

380

2.760

5,340

2,420

30,000

4.000

3,36o

6.890

700

570

3.890

1.760

2.000

310

39°

1,050

300

1,170

210

80,000

307,710

387,710

The Sum of Three hundred and Eighty-seven thousand Seven hundred and Ten Pounds.

Henry Martin. Geo. Roge.

J. Henslm.

W. Bellingh.

Geo. M*

E. Le Cras.

Sam! JV

Off Decembris. 1792.

33 Geo. III. 26° Decem 59

Ordered, That the said Estimates do- lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

Bill to probi- Mr. Attorney General ' presented to the House* ac-bit the Cir- cording to Order, a Bill to prohibit the Circulation of Notes^wued i>rom*8Sory or other Notes, Orders, Undertakings, or by France, Obligations; for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of

presented. Money, created and' issued under, or in the Name of,

any Public Authority in France: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved,'That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Johnstone's Mr. Cochrane presented to the House, according to Name Bill Older, a Bill to enable Richard Johnstone Vanden presented. Bempde, Esquire, lately called Richard John-

stone, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Suriname, and bear the Arms of Vanden Bempde only, pursuant to the Will of John Vanden Bempde, Esquire, deceased: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resotoed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Corn Indvm- The ingrossed Bill for indemnifying all Persons who

nity Bill have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Exe-passed. cution, an Order of Council respecting the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto; and also, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread, and Biscuit,-and to permit the Importation thereof, on the Low Duties, was (according to Order) read the Third Time.

.An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for permitting Potatoes to be carried Coastwise, or to or as Ships Stores.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of Council respecting the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto; and also, for authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn, Meal, or Flour, on the Low Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Long, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. have passed Pepys;

Mr. Speaker,

Debtors Bill. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates, for their Creditors Benefit; to which the' Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Debtors Bill And the said Bill was read the First Time. read* Resoloed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Momir>g.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a on Bill to re- Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable Exportation ^*1S Majesty to restrain the Exportation of Naval of Naval Stores, and more effectually to prevent the Exportation Stores,&c. Vol. 48.

of Salt Petre, Arms, and Ammunition, when prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee. That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received;

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the BUI, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from Report the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Supply, referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed!; m_

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Guards and That a Number of Land Forces, including Oqe thou- Garrisons, sand Six hundred and Twenty Invalids, amounting to Seventeen thousand Three hundred and Forty-four effective Men, Commissioned and Non-Commissioned Officers included, be employed for the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Charge of That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Seventy- G*. nine Thousand One hundred Seventy-four Pounds Eighteen Shillings and One Penny Half Penny, be

franted to His Majesty, fqr defraying the Charge of eventeen thousand Three hundred and Forty-four effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains,

Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and for Serjeants, for the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Forces in the That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Fifty-one Plantations, thousand Three hundred Eighty-five Pounds One Shilling and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, those in Garrison at , and

a Corps of Foot in New South including the

Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Noncommissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the; Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters,

Riding Masters, Surgeons, and Serjeants, for the Year >793* ....

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Differeoc# That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Five between hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Seventeen Shillings Brit^hand and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for de- £Staij. fraying the Difference between the Charge of the lishnoents. British and Irish Establishments of Five Regiments of Foot, serving in Gibraltar and the West Indies, for the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Troops in That a Sum not exceeding Eight thousand Three ^ast

hundred

60

26® Decembris.

A. 1792.

Recruiting and Contingencies of Land Forces.

General and StaffOflicers,

Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers.

Allowances to the Paymaster General, &c.

Reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines.

Reduced

Horse

Guards.

Officers late in the Service of the States General.

Reduced Officers of British American Forces.

Allowances ttf several Reduced Officers of D®.

Widows

Pensions.

hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence One Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Nine Battalions of Foot for Service in East for the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Seventeen thousand and Five Hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Recruiting and Contingencies of His Majesty's Land Forces, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to the Troops in Great Britain, and on Account of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1793-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Four hundred and Nine Pounds and Eight Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year ,793- ,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Nine hundred and Forty Pounds Eight Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-two thousand Nine hundred and Sixty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the Contingent Expences of their respective Offices; and for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, for the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty-six thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers, of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year

1793-;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Two Pounds One Shilling and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Ye&r 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be

§ anted to His Majesty, on Account of the several fficers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand and Ninety-two Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year ' 793-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Nine hundred and Seven Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Three hundred and Thirteen Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the 6

Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the same, for the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-seven thousand Nine hundred and Ninety-five Pounds Two Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge «f the In and Out-Penstonere of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Expences of the New Roads of Communication and building Bridges in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Seventy-eight thousand One hundred and Twenty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of several Counties in for the Year

1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, upon Account, not exceeding Seventy-two Thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Contingencies, and of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of Poundage, for the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1793-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Twenty Pounds Six Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by foe Office of Ordnance for Land Service, previous to the 31st Day of December 1783, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That is is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand, and Ninety-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, ftt '791-

Resolved, That it is toe Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-six Pounds Fisheten Shillings and Fout Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by toe Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, in 1792.

Resolved, That it is toe Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-two Thousand and Sixty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Sea Service, and not provided for by Parliament^ in

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Forty-eight thousand Three hundred and Seventy-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of toe Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1793.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Sir George Howard, and Sir Charles Morgan, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore: And that Mr. John Thomas

the

Chelsea

Pensioner*.

Scotch Roads and Bridges.

Embodied

Militia.

Contingencies, Ac. for D°.

Ordnance, previous to 1783, not provided for*

Ordnance, Land Service, not provided for in 1791*

D°, not provided for in 1792-

Ordnance, Sea Service, not provided for in 1791.

Ordnance for 1793-

Mutiny Bill ordered.

Marine Mu* tiny Bill ordered.

J_by

Supply deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Petition re* ipecting the Right of Election for Carlisle.

26° — 27° DeCembris*

61

the Lord Hood, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 27* dieDecembris; Anno 33* Georgii III. U Regis, 1793.

Praters.

A PETITION of Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward John

Richardson, Robert Yarker, Thomas Wyley, John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph Y Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlisle, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That by a late Resolution of a Select Committee of this House, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson Esquires, complaining of an undue Election and Return of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and which, on the 3d Day of March 1791, was by them reported to the House, that the Right of Election for the City of in the County of

Cumberland, is declared to be in the Freemen of the said' City, duly admitted and sworn Freemen of the said City, having been previously admitted Brethren of One of the Eight Guilds or Occupations of the stud City, and deriving their Title to such Freedom by being Sons of Freemen, or by Service of Seven Years Apprenticeship to a Freeman, resident during such Apprenticeship within the said'City, and in no others; and that the Petitioners are not satisfied with the said Resolution, and are desirous of being admitted Parties to oppose such Right of Election, and to have the Benefit of the Statute in that Case made and provided: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be aken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 14th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum i

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City of Carlisle, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Counselor. Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham, and Bir- dered on Se-mingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, which was ^"Netherton presented to the House upon Friday last, and then or- °nd ge||*r dered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making Oak Canal and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Bill.

Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or near, Selty Oak, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, be brought in, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill* upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Lords have passed

Bill respecting Aliens.

Aliens Bill read.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed,

Mr. Randyll Burch presented to the House, according Ipswich and to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing the Cleydon Roads from Ipswich to the Scole Inn Road, and from Road Rl'1 Cleydon to the Bury Saint Edmunds Road at the End preM!n e of the Bounds of the Parish of Hawleigh, and from Yaxley Bull to Eye, and from Eye to Lanihorn , in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to prohibit the Circulation of Promissory or other Notes, Orders, Undertakings, or Obligations, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, created and issued under, or in the name of, any Public Authority in France, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rosolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they, had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the R Amendments

Bill to prohibit the Circulation of Notes issued by Public Authority in Francs, committed.

considered.

reported.

ie

Bill to restrain the Exportation of Naval Stores, &c. passed.

Debtors Bill committed.

Grantham

Writ.

Blackburn and Burs-cough Bridge lioad Petition.

62

27° — 28° Decembris.

A. 1792.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the . House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to restrain the Exportation of Naval Stores, and more effectually to prevent the Exportation of Salt Petre, Arms, and Ammunition, when prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty to restrain the Exportation of Naval Stores, and more effectually to prevent the Exportation of Salt Petre, Arms, and Ammunition, when prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council.

Ordered, That Air. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Debtors with respect to Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates, for their Creditors Benefit, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 28* die Decembris;

Anno 33° Georgii III. U Regis, 1792.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of Philip Yorke, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hundred, in the County of Berks.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution Two Acts of Parliament of the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Twenty-first Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the repairing and widening the Road from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Road, and are under the indispensable Necessity of borrowing a further considerable Sum in order to enable them to make some very necessary Alterations and Improvements in the said lload, which Money so already bor-

Bill to prohibit the Circulation of Notes, issued by Public Authority in France, passed.

rowed cannot be paid off, or the said further Sum now wanted for the Improvements aforesaid so easily obtained, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, some of the Tolls increased, and some further and other Powers given for those Purposes:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, so far as relates to the said Road, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. -burne, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to prohibit the Circulation of Promissory or other Notes, Orders, Undertakings, or Obligations, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, created and issued under, or in the Name of, any Public Authority in France, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prohibit the Circulation of Promissory or other Notes, Orders, Undertakings, or Obligations, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or for any other Consideration, created and issued under, or in the Name of, any Public Authority in France.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying stowmarket into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Thirtieth and Ipswich Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Navigation and maintaining a Navigable Communication between retltion* Stmomarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in order to make and complete the said Navigation, the Petitioners were, by the said Act, authorized and impowered to borrow any Sum, not exceeding 20,300 /. on the Credit of the Rates thereby granted, which Sum they have borrowed, and the Whole hath been already nearly expended in carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution; and that the said Navigable Communication is not yet completed, and it ' will require a further Sum of Money to finish and complete the same, so as to afford the Country the several Benefits and Advantages intended to be given to them by the said Act:- And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the Petitioners to raise and borrow such further Sum as to the House shall appear necessary to be laid out and expended for finishing and completing the said Navigable Communication.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Langston, Sir Charles -bury, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committw to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Debtor* upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for the further Relief of Debtors with respect

to

reported.

List of Office* in the East Indies presented.

28° — 31° becembris.

63

to the Imprisonment of their persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery oh and deliver upon Oath, their Estates, for their Creditors Benefit, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.-

Mr. Serjeant Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to repent, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Serjeant Watson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. i. 1. 14. After " neglected," insert " or shall neglect."

1. 15. After " same," insert " within the " Time limited in the said Act."

Pr. 2. 1. 2. After u Pounds," insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) "And be it further Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That every " Person now in Execution for any " Sum or Sums of Money, exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred " Pounds, shall be entitled to such " Relief, notwithstanding the Time " limited by the said Act for such " Person to apply, is or may be " expired, provided such Person " shall make such Application at " any Time before the End of - " Easter Term n6xt."

Pr. 3. 1. 30. After " neglected," insert, " or shall " neglect."

1. 31. After " Act," insert " or of this Act."

1. 32. After " Act," insert or this Act."

L 37. After " Act," insert " or of this Act"

1. 39. After " Act," insert M or this Act" *

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Ramsay, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A List of all the Offices, Places, and Employments, in the Civil and Military Establishments of the United East India Company, in the East Indies, with the Salaries, or Pay, and Emoluments belonging thereto, or allowed or paid by the said Company in respect thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said List is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 48.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Horn* to House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. "J" 10

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred; to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to -de* consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply er granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next; resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read; .

The ingrossed BiH from the Lords, intituled, An Act Aiiens Bill for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in committed, this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

jLurne, 31* die Decembrist

Anno 33* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1792.

PkATERs;

SIR William Young presented to the House; accord- Braunston ing to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation gjj at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the ed.

River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also for making, and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackbume presented to the House, according Sowerby to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- Bridge and gable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near £01r,r^H Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Hal fax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of F his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing Part of the Moors Masham in-and Wastes within the Manor of Masham and Masham- closure Bill shire, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Duncombe, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr.

64

31° Decembris.

A. 1792.

Marine Mutiny Bill presented.

Mr. John Thomas Townshend presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received: and read the First Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Galley Hill A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering, the Road from

Road Petition.

Johnstone's Name Bill committed.

Ipswich and C ley don Road Bill committed.

Debtors Bill passed.

Accounts

presented.

Produce of Customs, Excise, die.

the Bottom of Galley Hill, near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clanfield', in the County of Oxford, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Thomas the Marquis of Bland ford, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill to enable Richard Johnstone Vanden Esquire .(lately called Richard Bempde Johnstone) and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms of Vanden Bempde only, pursuant to the Will of John Vanden Bcmpdb, Esquire, deceased, was read a Second Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Strutt, Mr. Cochrane,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads from Ipswich to the Scole Inn Road, and from Cleydon to the Bury Saint Edmunds Road, at the End of the Bounds of the Parish of Hawldgh, and from Yaxley Bull to Eye,

and from Eye to Lanthorn Green, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Randyll Burch, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver, upon Oath, their Estates, for their Creditors Benefit, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Master of the Rolls do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively,

for One Year, ended the loth Day of October 1792; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to 1,000l. or more, in the Four Quarters of the said Year: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into Customs, the Exchequer of the Duties of Customs in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,000l., or more in' the Four Quarters next preceding the 1 oth Day of October 1792:

And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into Excise, the Exchequer of the Duties of Excise in England and Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,000 /., or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 10th of October 1792:

And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Duties Stamps-arising from the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to 1,000l., or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 10th of October*1792: And also,

An Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Incidents. Exchequer of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,000l., or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 10th of October 1792:

And also.

An Account of all Additions which have been made Additions to to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt by the Interest the Annual or Annuities for, or on Account of, any Loan which hath ^ap^bj£ been made subsequent to the passing of an Act, of the Debt, Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of " Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu " thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together " with the other Duties composing the ‘Public Revenue; ,

" for permitting the Importation of certain Goods,

" Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King,

" into this Kingdom: and for applying certain unclaimed " Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment " of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National " DebtAnd also,

An Account of the Produce of the Duties imposed Produce of for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge oc- Duties for casioned by Loans, made in pursuance of an Act of rifa^eoc- Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign casioned by of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising certain " a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities^ans. and of One other Act of the same Session, intituled,

" An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way " of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of " Survivorship in Classes;" for One Year, from the 10th Day of October 1791, to the 10th Day of October 1792; and of the Duties granted by sundry Acts of Parliament of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, which were appropriated to the Payment of Principal and Interest of Exchequer Bills, made out pursuant to an Act of the same Session, from the 5th Day of April 1792, to the 10th Day of October following.

And the Titles of the said Accounts w'ere read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

An

j

Am ACCOMPT of the Tot41 Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively. Customs an«l for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1792; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the ^xc‘se* Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to One Thousand Pounds, or more,' in the Four Quarters of the said Year.

The Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1792, as per Accompt (A.) - - > - - - .

Ditto of the Excise for One Year, ended Ditto (exclusive of 621,700l. the Produce of the Annual Malt Duties) as per Accompt (B.) - -

Ditto of the Stamp Duties, for One Year, ended Ditto, as per Accompt (C.) -

m

Ditto of Incidents at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for OneYeaf, ended Ditto, as per Accompt (D.) - - - - ' . - -

Memorandum

In this Accompt are included sundry. Articles which are Casual Revenues, or Taxes granted for a limited Time, and therefore not a Part of the Permanent Revenues; viz.

The Duty on Sugar, granted Anno 1791, Part of 4,136,999 /. 15 s. 4 c?. the Produce of the Duties of Customs - -

The Duty on British Spirits, Anno 1791, Part of 7.838,703/. 15 s. 8c?. i the Produce of the Duties of Excise -

D° on Foreign Spirits, A* 1791, other Part of D*

D° on Malt, A* 1791, repealed by an Act 32 Geo. III. other Part of D* - -

£. s.

114,307 ——

*46,737 ——

124,033 — —

In the Sum of 1,445,447/. 7 j. 4c?. the Produce of the Stamp Duties, are included the Amount of the Taxes on Bills of £. s. d. Exchange and Receipts, making together But by a Clause in the Act for granting these Duties, there is directed to be applied out of their Pro* duce to the Consolidated Fund, until the Exchequer Bills issued pursuant to an Act 31 Geo. III. are cancelled, the Annual Sum of - *

205,253 *2 5

128,600 — —

The Additional Tax- on Game Licences -

76,653 *2 5 19,833 16 7

In the Sum of 2,102,219/. 195. l£ is included the Duty of 10/. per Cent, on Assessed Taxes, paid into the Exchequer -

And also the Imprest, and other Monies, other Part of the said Sum

£. s.

150,712 3 4

385,077 ----- -=-

96,487

85,956

9 —

2 34

718,232-14 69,028 19 -^-1

787,261 13 8*

£. s. d.

4»136,999 S 4

7,838,703 15 81

1,445,447 7 4

2,102,219 19 10

*5,523,370 18 31

Presented, pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the 31st Day of December 1792, by -

George.

Vo 1* 48,

S

(A.)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Prod ace, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Customs in England ami Scotland; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to One Thousand Pounds, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the I oth of October 1792.

SPECIES of GOODS,

Ashes, Pearl - - Pot -

Barilla

Beads, Coral Books, Bound Bottles, Glass Brimstone -Bristles, Undrest Bugle, Great

Callicoes

Capers

Carpets, Turkey China Ware Copper Unwro' Cork -Corn, Oats -- Wheat

Aloes Cicotrina Balsam Capaiva Borax Refined Cassia Lignea Cortex Peru -Cream of Tartar Gum Copal -

- -Guiaci *

- - Senegal

Jalap -Juniper Berries Lead, Black -

P'S Manna *

Oil, perfumed -Turpentine Opium -Quicksilver -Radix, Ipecacuana Saccarum Saturni Sarsaparilla -Sena

Succus Liquoritia Tamarinds k Verdi grease -

N«t Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, and Charges of Management.

CO

to

1,070

i»055

29,723

164

1,148

1,758

4,666

5,529

1,232

95,773

380

835

18,519

1,794

5,483

12,904

376

19

6

d.

2

17

7

11

2

*3

10

16

SPECIES of GOODS.

Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, and Charges of Management.

7

6*

HI

1

n 1

8

31

9 5

7

17

15

8

10

3

8 £

3

6

10 i

4

9

' 5 51

<3

8

o

Almonds, Jordan -- not Jordan Anniseeds -Cinnamon -Cloves -Cocoa -Coffee Currants Figs -Ginget Mace -Nutmegs Pepper Pimento < Prunes

'Denia -Faro

592 14 176 13 52S 6 97 4,5&5 1,170 1,388 241 3,346 . 783 4,958 428 490 1,456

1,677

2,968

201

2,622

2,049

19

6

7

15

11

17

8 -19

3 13

4

9

7

12

II

3

8

11

11

10

3

3

4

11

— i 1 1

c

os

Lexia -Lipari -Smyrna -Solis

Dye Stuffs, Smalts

Elephants Teeth -

Feathers for Beds Fish, Anchovies -

- - Oysters

Fruit, Lemons and Oranges

- - Nuts, small -

Glass Plates Glue - -

76 6,174 —

702 12 2,126 16

9,962 19 2,495 n

11

5

6

9 11

8

11

10 |

10 1 61

7 i

6

11 11

Rice -Sago -Succads Sugar, Brown Tea

.Turmerick *

Hair, Horse

- - Human Hats, Chip

- Straw Hemp, Rough Hides, Indian

- - Losh -

- - Ox or Cow

Incle, Wro‘ Iron, Bar -- Cast *

Kelp

3,198 1,912 1,968 628 1,194

I, 780 20,603 61,296

6,739 300

.1,039

i,944

16,856

II, 917 3,9i5

20,386

478

12,469

2,863

2,687

20,212

8,435 i,4i5 648

,354,753

118,622

174

s. d.

3

17 10 J-

3

13

15 17

16 7

13 11 11

7

2

7

16

10

T

41

Hi

5 T ni

71

4

6

t

T

3 i

101

13

2

4

7

19

1

1

18

14

2

9i »£ 7 i

1*

10 1

5 1

91

3

Hi

15 ~

11 Q

10,875 — 977 12 2,908 10,888 2,868

1,290 — 841 2

3,034 15 77i 12

103,833 —

139 19

565

4,518

3,489

149.556

1,789

1

5

11

2

3

1,892 13

8,247

59°

f Cambricks -10 {I Canvas, Hessens -- Spruce 3 J Damask Tabling, Sil* -

Diaper Napkin*, Sil*

9i| g Germany, Narrow, not above31 £ 7* -S <! Lawns, French — *"4 Russia, Broad, above 22 4r

211 - - - above 31 i

811 - - - above 36

- - Drilling -

11 9 I - - Narrow -

10 2 11 V- - Towelling and Napk*

9

12

10,441

21,186

7,231

1,893

736

29,621

2,228

20,089

1,316

8,601

4,042

6,534

2,100

14 16

16

15

6

6

5 1

2*

8

10

6 i

— £

61

10 i

9

__ 1

-- T

9 i

9

4t

6

6

18

6

4

13

3 v 5 T 2 |

2 V 9

3 Mats

Custom

3S Geo. lit. 31° Decembris. 67

f - " — .- I. IX — x» 1 Y| It. t,

SPECIES of GOODS. Net Produce, subject to the Payment of Bounties, and Charge# of Management. SPECIES of GOODS. Net Produce, subject to tins Payment erf Bounties, and Charges of Management.

£. d. . f. dt

Mats, Russia - m 4,250 18 41 Tobacco — Customs only - 220,310 13 9

Melasses - - 2,365 6 3 Tow - - - L033 17 5*

Muslin - - 1 - 118,786 4 8i Turpentine - - 14,662 2 —

Oil, Ordinary - 14,314 8 2 Wax, Bees - - 4,275 12 2f

— Salad - - - - 4,300 16 5:

' Canary — Customs only - - 1,536 9 1

Paper, Foolscap, Genoa, Second - 993 8 9 French - - - D# - - 32,826 19 2

Pictures - - 3,397 C / Madeira - - - D* - - 28,342 8 101

Pitch - - - - 521 9 if Port - 467,309 3 5

Rhenish - - - D* - - 3,770 7 11 I

Salt — - m 2,568 7 9 Spanish - - - D* - - 84,120 4 6

Salt Petre - ~ - - 6,749 11 3*

Seeds, Clover — 5,147 2 n i ''Balks - - - 1,263 14 51

Battens ... 2,963 3 8

Italian and Turkey, Raw - 57,206 17 — Deals - - - . - - 129,986 3 6

Bengal, Raw - - - m 57,410 17 5 Deal Ends - - 4,044 3 1L

== < Chinft, Raw - - . 30,128 10 2 Lathwood - - m 4,761 14 — 1

Italian, Thrown - - 152,831 7 2 Masts - 2,726 13 5

1 L Wro1 - m . 838 6 10 "O Oak Plank - 3,327 5 5

O J O > Paling Boards - - - 1,200 4 3

''Bear, Black - - 1,213 10 6 £ Scaleboards- - 747 *9

Beaver - - - 1,023 »° 81 Staves - - - 7,682 16 gi

Calf, Undrest - - - 2,889 1 71 Timber, Fir - 83,793 1 lo I

— Tanned - - - - 6,540 18 111 1 — Oak - 662 14 4 i

Deer, in Hair - - 3,389 10 8 Users - - - - 1,257 16 li

Fox, Ordinary - - m 914 4 11 Wainscot Boards - - 1,257 10 8}

Goat, Tanned - - - 2,091 16 8 s. Logs X 2,646 15 10 $

00 C J Kid, Drest - - - 1,136 19 —

a — Undrest - 4,217 — 81 Yarn, Cotton - - 389 19 6

C/D Martin - - - - 2,937 3 8 — Mohair - - 1,300 10 9

Mink - - - - 549 15 4 -

Musquasb - 397 3 2 Aliim - 3,268 12 2-J-

Otter - - - 863 6 3 k Coals exported to Foreign Parts - 121,064 4 1

Raccoon - 391 9 8* Lead ..... - 27,348 2 2

Seal . - - i,377 — 5 Tin - - 5,685 13 6

IWolf - - 1,652 11 4 Subsidy on sundry small Articles - 3,445 *9 3i

Coals Coastwise - - 580,036 19 81

Snuff - - 856 2. 6 Duties on Windows by the 24th

Soap, Hard - - - 477 19 8 Geo. III. - - - 229*92410 9

Spirits, Brandy — Customs only - 49,647 4 10 i Sundry small Articles- — also small

— -Geneva - - D* - - 23,890 13 61 Balances remaining in the Hand

— -Rum - - - D* - . 46,958 18 4 of different Collectors in the dif-

Stones, Blocks of Marble - - 1,670 — 5 ferent Ports of G, Britain - 196,923 15 10

Tapes, Open - - 306 10 8l £. 5,248,361 1 1

Tar - - - " 6,042 18 3

Thread, Sisters m 1,855 5 1 i.

DISCHARGE:

By Bounties - -

Management ——

.Exchequer Payments- — (See a Note below) -

Monies issued out of the Revenue in Scotland, applicable to His Majesty's Civil Government

L s. d. 648,103 1 u i

384,712 15 6* 4, *36,999 J5 4i 78,545 8 .2

a.- — 1 - - -«

5,248,361 1 1

Note — In the above Payment? into the Exchequer, amounting to 4,136,999/. 15$. 4

is included a Sum of 150,712/. 35. 4 which is applicable to the special Purpose directed by the Act of the Thifty-lirst of His Majesty.

Inspector General's Office, Custom-House, London, 20th Dec' 1792. Thomas Irving, Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of G. Britain and the British Colonies,

Vo L. 48.

w

x

EXCISE.-

g

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

GO.

?r

( B. )

-An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise in England and distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every

separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to One Thousand Pounds, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 10th of October 1792.

O

00

Auctions *

Beer -Bricks and Tiles Candles - -

Coaches built for Sale Cocoa Nuts and Coffee Cyder, Perry, and Verjuice Class -Hides, Skins, Vellum and Parch ment -Hops -

Malt, perpetual Duty Metheglin or Mead, and Vinegar Paper -

Printed Goods Soap - - - '

Spirits (British *

(^Foreign -

Starch -

Sweets - - -

Tea -

Tobacco and Snuff, commenced

11 October 1789 -

Verjuice is with Cyder and Perry

Vinegar is with Metheglm

Mine

Wire -

r Auctioneers is with Auctions

Dealers in Coffee, Chocolate, and Tea -

Makers and Sellers"of Wax and Sperm. Candles is with Candles Makers of, and Dealers in, Exciseable Commodities

c<

o

o

Retailers of Wine Sellers of Gold & Silver Plate Manufacturers and Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff is with Tobacco and Snuff

Duties commd Spirited 5 Jan. 91 j -V

British -Foreign Malt

Total of Duties, except Malt Annual -

Anni Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry

Total of England £.

First Quarter, from 10 October 1791 to 5 January 1792. Second Quarter, from 5 January 179* to 5 April 179* Third Quarter, from $ April 1794 to 5 July 1790. Fourth Quarter, from 5 July 1794 to 10 October 1794. Total Ndt Prpduce of the Four Quarters. *

£. s. . 17.37» 365,979 54,621 58,907 649 12,791 4>392 32,133 .£. s. d. 16,919 — — 396,494 11,072 — — 116,654 150 — — 7*544 — " 1,207 41,197 — " £ 4. d. 20,252 - — -768,953 3,409 69,988 428 7.430 '5,843 32,703 £. 4. d. 24,699 480,947 49,612 — — 23,219 970 — — 10,643 12,154 37,007 £. 4, d. 79,241 2,012,373 118,714 268,768 2,197 38,408 23,596 143,040

53)394 .147,187 — 5,420 — — 17,413 — 52,137 — 99,338 — 123,821 — 187,013 — -27,941 — 445 159)8 34 63,543 — — 1,998 17,799 — " 6i,121 — 77,633 — — 237,951 — — 195,698 — " 26,004 — — 1,889 — -1- 80,558 — 52,480 82,776 97,067 2,657 *4.145 — — 28,650 78,195 229,926 *49,737 25,297 6,258 — — 17P»76o 15 8$ 64,543 367,981 — — 12,875 19,448 60,074 95,098 52,406 171,944 25,160 — — 4,896 51,096 ' 233,960 1 82,776 — — 612,235 — — 22,950 68,805 — — 201,982 — 350,264 — — 644,104 74>392 104,402 13,488 - ~ 462*248 15 8j

78,472 — 74,637 -f — 77,545 82,587 313,241

106,225 — . 401 — — 61,631. — 501 — — 77,220 .801 128,886 577 373,962 2,280

3,345 — 2,395 — " 2,486 — — 5,186 13,412 — —

30,355 — 1+8,952 — 26,580 — — 2,185 — 5,039 — " 0,169 — — 1,832 — — , 1,716 — — 2,990 *,115 C60 1,892 6,311 3,468 — - — 1,192 2,832 44,695 160,704 — — f 30,264 8,625

19,057 > — 37,031 — 37,209 — 42,927 — — 38,717 — — 40,948 — — 30,577 — — 8,375 36,412 80,824 111,307 H2,737 118,033

1,910,598 — — 136,494 — 1,59°,995 — " 6^)58 — — 2,084,188 15 81 166,324 «,: 1,921,422 — — 298,324 — . — 7,507,203 15 8J' 607,200 (

2,047,092 — — i,597,°53 — " 2,250,512 15 8J 2,219,746 8,114,403 15

An A C C 0 U N T of the Duties of Excise paid into the Exchequer, by the Commissioners of Excise in England, in One Year, between the 10 October 1791 and 10 October 179a, on the Part of Scotland.

.; First Quarter, from 10 October 1791 < to 5 January 179ft' Second Quarter, from £ January 1792 to 5 April 17 & 2. Third Quarter, from 5 April 1792 to 5 July 179a. Fourth Quarter from 5 July 179a to 10 October 1792. Total Net Produce of the Four Quartern.

£.s. d. ' , £. s. d. £. S. t/. £. s. d. £ s. d.

Auctions - - - 1,000 — — - 2,0C50 1,000 4,000

Beer and Ale - - 10,000 — — 5,000 5,000 5,000 ?5,oooo

Bricks and Tiles - . 1,000 2,000 - - 3,000

Candles - 2,000 — < — - 3,odo 3,000 8,000

Cocoa Nuts and Coffee General Licences 2,000 — 1,000 '- 3,000 — —

Glass - - 3,000 — — 3)000 4,000 2,000 , 12,000

2.000 — — 8.000 2,000

Malt, perpetual Duty 10,000 — — 7,000 4>5P° 29,500

Paper - 2,000 — — 1,000 1,000 2,000 6,000 — —

Printed Goods - 16,000 — — 21,000 14,000 17,000 68,000 — —

Soap ..... 35oooo — — 5,000 — — 5,000 7,000 20,000 r-

-: 12,000 < — — 10,000 151,000 '8,000 — — 42,000

3,000 — — - 5,000 3,000 7,000 18,000 —

Starch - 2,000 — — 2,000 2,000 2.000 — — 8.000 8,000 —

Tobacco and Snuff - 10,000 — 8,000 J,oooo 33)000

Wine - 9,000 — ~ 8,000 - 8,000 — — 5,000 30,000

fTea Licences I Plate [ Spirituous Liquors - 500 - 500

- - - 500 - 500

- . - *2,000 — — ' 3,000 I 1,000 — . — 6,000 — —

Malt, perpetual Duty, comm*' 5 Jan. 1791 - + m m 4,500 500 1,000 6,000

Foreign Spirits, additional British Spirits — D° - - . _ 2,000 2,000 — — ... ► 4,000

- - ' 3,000 3,000

Total of Duties, except Malt

Annual 84,000 — — 87,500 78,000; 82,000 331,500 —

Anni Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry - 5)000 — — 5,500 . 4,000 14,500 — —

Total of Scotland - £. ^9,000 — — 93,000 — - 78,000 86,000 346,000 —

Perpetual [England ' Dutie8 [Scotland - - Total of Perpetual Duties - £. $ d» 7,507,203 15 331,500 £. s. d. 7,838,703 15 8| % .

--- CO

— _ o

= = b

a

S

Or*-

Malt jILiigland Annual <

Duties [Scotland -Total of Malt, Annual, &c.

607,200 — 14,500 — —

Total £

621,700 ——

EXLonSCe'j ,2th Decea, ber W

Ja* Webb, A ccomji1 Cleu1. ./p? Browne, p.

8,460,403 15 8J

-Y

<0

to

33 Geo. III.

31° Decembris.

69

(C)

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the Duties arising from the Stamp Revenue, that have amounted to i,oooo/. or more, in the Four Quarters taext preceding the 10th of October, 1792.

Consolidated Duties - £. 748,470 s. 15 if. 6

Insurance - - - - 120,653 10 8

Burials, &c. - - - 4,776 10 4

Hats - - " - - 12,184 11 3

Plate - 28,967 17 5

Post Horse Duty - - - - 195,016 16 8

Medicine e» - - - 12,738 18 7

Game 46,163 7 —

Attornies - 24,882 8 5

Pawnbrokers - - - 4,520 4 6

Glove - - - 6,231 7. 11

Perfumery - - - 5,858 10 6

Judges Duty - - aft — - i,373 13 10

Bills of Exchange - - - 156,587 7 8

Receipts - 48,666 4 9

Ad1 Game, 1791 - m 19,833 16 7

Apprentice Duty m - - - 8,521 5 9

£. 1,445,447 7 4

Mart. * d.

The Tax on Bills of Exchange, as above . 156,587 7 8

D* ... on Receipts - - - 48,666 4 9

205,253 in 5

Of the Prodace of these Taxes, the Average Produce of 3 Years is directed by an Act, 31 Geo. III. to be carried to the Consolidated Fund - - - -- - 1118,600 ——

And the Remainder is applicable towards paying Principal and Interest of Exchequer Bills, issued Anno 1791 - - £-76,653 12 5

Stamp Office, Dec' 24th 1792.

J. Lloyd, pro Compt'.

V01. 48.

T

Stamps,

(D).

/In ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties under the Head of Incidents; distinguishing, as far as possible in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to 1,0001, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 1 oth of October 1792.

-vf

o

£. s. d. I

Consol. Salt 1787 - - - 377,232 4 3

— Letter Money, per Week - 159,000 — —

Letter Money, 1760 - - 227,484 3 9 *|

Seizures, 1760 m 28,522 9 11

Alienation Duty - 2,272 15 4 .

Hawkers, 1710 - - 3,828 11 4

Hackney Coaches, 1711 - 8,400 — —

D* 1784 - - 10,000 — —

6d. per Libr. on Pensions - - 47,780 — —

1 sh.Deduct, on Salaries - - - 43,517 9 3i

First Fruits - - - 4,339 10 1

Tenths - - - 9,902 14 31

Male Servants, 1785 r - 100,065 11 — i

Female D* - - - 33,298 11 1 i

Four-Wheel Carriages - m 165,246 8 1 i

Two-Wheel D® - - 35,733 11 5i

Waggons - - - i9,9°9 19 101

Carts - - - - 10,062 18 1 I

Horses - - - 123,267 8 2 I

Shops - - - - 1,002 10 3

10/. per'Cent. - - 85,956 2 34

Houses and Windows, 1766 - - . 387,923 15 10

Houses, 1778- - - 146,827 10 11

2,031,574 5 7i

The Produce of Duties under 1,000l.

amounts to - m 1,616 15 3

£. 2,033,19* — 10 i

Money paid by Charles Long, Esquire, for Interest on 187,0001, for Annuities granted by an Act of Parliament 29th George the Third - - - - , -

D® - - by Messrs. Meyrick, arising from the Sale of Commissions in several Regiments, vacated by the Promotion of Officers ——

- by Messrs. Bishop and Brummell, D® -

- by Alexander Adair - - - D* -

- by James Russell -

- by Messrs Ross and Ogilvie -

- by Nathaniel Collyer -

- by Messrs. Lambe and Cock

D°

D®

D#

D®

D*

D®

D°

D°

D®

D®

D® - - by Messrs. Coxe and Greenwood D®

Imprest Money repaid by Messrs, Pomroy and Render Mason, Executors of Render Mason, on Account of an Agreement for victualling 3,000 Militia in East Florida - - - .

D* ----- - by Lieutenant Colonel George Clerk, late Barrack Master in North America -D® - . - - - by Daniel Macnamara, Esquire, Agent to the Executors of Richard Rigby, Esquire, late

Paymaster of the Forces -.....- ——

Imprest Money repaid by Peregrine Francis Thomas, Esquire - - - - -

Money paid by Edw4 Roberts, Esquire, for the Consol. Fund -

D® - - by ----- -- Armstrong, arising from the Sale of Commissions in several Regiments, vacated by the

Promotion of Officers ——

D* — by Humphry Donaldson, for - D® - - - - . - -

D* - - by Richard Molesworth, for - D° -

D® - - by Render Mason, Esquire, Executor of Render Mason, onhis Account, as Contractor in East Florida D* - - by William Brummell, Esquire, Agent for the Out- Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital -D# - - by the Executors of John Cowan, late Agent in East Florida - - - -

D® - - by Sarah Dickenson and Granville Sharps Executors of Elizh Oglethorpe, Executrix of James Oglethorpe, late Agent in South Carolina and Georgia ——

D® - - by Messrs. Cox and Greenwood, on Account of Colonel Allan Maclean, for the Purchase of a

Ship for transporting the late 84th Regiment - ....

D* - - by John Johnstone, Esquire, Executor of George Johnstone, Esquire, late Governor of West Florida in the Years 1765, 1766, and 1767 D®

D®

D"

D*

D®

by George Watts, Esquire, Receiver General of the Isle of Mann - -

-- by William Cowder, Agent to the 16th Regiment of Dragoons -

- - by William Mitford, Esquire, remitted from Barbadoes ——

- - by Timothy Nucella, Junior, on Account of Life Annuities granted in the Year 1746

- - by Senhouse Wilson, Esquire, Receiver General of the Isle of Mann -Imprest Money, repaid by Captain John Barnes, by the Hands of Captain William Twiss -

D® ----- ---- - - by Lord Barrington, late Treasurer of the Navy ——

Money paid by the Right honourable William Pitt, for the Use of Government -D® - - by William Mitford, remitted from Canada, on Account of a Debt to the Public Imprest Money repaid by the Right honourable Lord Howe, late Treasurer of the Navy -Money paid by William Barr, Esquire, appointed to provide the Necessaries for the Hospital in Canada D® - - by Render Mason, Executor of Render Mason, Esquire, onhis Account, as.Contractor in East Florida D® - - by Alexander Anderson, on Account of William Nesbitt, Clerk of the Council in St. John's Island, for the Year 1792 ——

Exchequer, the the 19 Day of December 1792.

Total of Incidents Ex' per Ncuxastle.

4,026

2,549 7 98 i,50t 549 i,7i3 549 1,101

13,628

2.000 140

16,884

81

1,171

3.198

U799

149

1.000

3.000 35i

841

1,028

s. d.

16 11

7 6

17 —

18 —

8 6

18 — 8 6 18 6 8 6

179

5.000

171

338

20

1

251

2,9M

20

796

150

17

1.000

2 4 i

15 6 18 4 6 4

10 —

8 —

9 —

11 11

17 8-2 6 19 — i

4 7

3- 4

13 91

5 — 13 5 I

18 8 15 5 2 8

100 ——

69,028 19 — 4 2,033,191 — 10 i

2,102,219 19 i° I

'MLl'F -suqwanq js

33 Geo. III.

31° Decembris.

71

An ACCOMPT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge of the Public Debt, by the Interest o fAnnuities for or on Account of any Loan which hath been made subsequent to the passing of an Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act so.r repealing the several " Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; and for applying the said Duties, " together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting, the Importation of certain " Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French " King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the " Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt'*

By Virtue of an Act Twenty-ninth Geo. III. the Sum of 187,000l. was raised

by Annuities after the Rate of 7/. 9s. gd. per Centum per Annum, for the Term of 18 Years and 3 Quarters, from the 5th Day of April 1789, and then to cease; which'Annuities were directed by the said Act to be added to, and made one Joint Stock with certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of the Eighteenth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, payable Half-Yearly at the Bank of England, and charged upon the Consolidated £. t. d. Fund: The Annual Amount whereof, with the Charges of Management for the same, is - - 14,159 2 10

By Virtue of one other Act of the same Session, the Sum of 1,002,500l. was directed to be raised by Annuities, with the Benefit of Survivorship, distributed into Classes, and to be paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, and charged upon the Consolidated Fund (but by certain Person or Persons neglecting to complete their whole Payments, a Deficiency was occasioned, whereby the Sum on which the Annuities granted were payable, amounted to the Sum of 1,002,099/.) Part of which said Annuities, by an Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, were converted into Annuities for a certain Term of 69 Years and One Quarter, from the 10th Day of October 1790, and were directed by the said Act to be added to and made one Joint Stock with certain Annuities granted by Two Acts of Parliament of the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty (and several subsequent Acts) payable Half-Yearly at the Bank of England; viz.

The Charge for the Annuities on Lives, payable at the Exchequer, for One Year, from the 10th Day of October £. s. d.

1791 to the 10th Day of October 1792 - 42,862 1 —

Whereof has been reserved at the Exchequer for the Use

of the Public, and carried to the Consolidated Fund in respect of the Nominees appointed by the Commissioners of the Treasury, in pursuance of the Act Thirtieth Geo. III. viz.

For the Quarter ended the 5th of July £. 3

1792 ----- - 12,261 12 10

For the Quarter ended the 5th of January

1793 .....12,27716 4

----- ----- ----- 24,539 9 2 *

Whereby the Charge to the Public is reduced to

The Charge for Annuities and Management, payable at the Bank of England for the Annuities to continue for 69 Years and One Quarter, for One Year, due the said 10th Day of October 1792 ——

The Charge incurred by George Attwood, Esquire, Inspector of the Tontine Certificates, to defray the Expences attending the Execution of the above Acts -The Charge for the Clerks in the Office of Clerk of the Pells, for their Service in executing the said Acts, for One Year, ended the 10th Day of October 1792 To the Usher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Offices for managing and paying these Annuities To Charles Townshend, Esquire, for Fees and Expences incurred in paying the Interest on the above-mentioned 1,002,099/. an<* passing an Account thereof

18,322 11

24,639 " 2

500

880

181 18 —

204 1 —

— 44,727 17 "

£. 58,887 - 91

Vol. 48.

Additions to Charge of Public Debt.

7£ 31° Decembrist A. 1792.

By certain Acts of Parliament passed in the Thirtj-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, sundry Duties were granted, which, from the 5th Day of April 1792, (after deducting 32,150/. out of the Produce iti each Quarter of the Stamp Duties on Bills and Receipts) were appropriated to pay off 1,833,000l. in Exchequer Bills, made out in pursuance of an Act of the same Session, for defraying the Public Expences occasioned by the £. $.

Augmentation of His Majesty's Forces in the Year 1 ygpcr, for which Purpose there has been applied to pay Principal, and Interest to the 10th Day of October 1792 - - - - 430,078 3 4

Presented pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the 31st Day of December 1792* by

George Rose.

Increased Charge by Loans.

As A C COM PT of the Produce of the Duties imposed for the Purpose ef defraying the increased Charge occasioned by Loans made in pursuance of an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities and of One other Act of the same Session, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, to " be attended with the Benefit of Survivorship, in Classes,v for One Year, from the 1 oth Day of October 1791, to the 10th Day of October 1792; and of the Duties granted by sundry Acts of Parliament of the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, which w'ere appropriated to the Payment of Principal and Interest of Exchequer Bills made out pursuant to an Act of the same Session, from the 5th Day of April 1792 to the 10th Day of October following.

The Produce of the additional Duties on Horses, granted from 5th of July 1789, for One Year, from 10th of October 1791 to the 10th of October 1792 The Produce of the additional Duties on Carriages, granted from Ditto, for the same Time - ' ——

The Produce of the additional Duty on Newspapers, granted - from the 1st of August 1789,-for the same Time -The Produce of the additional Duties on Advertisements, D° The Produce of the additional Duties on Cards, D* -The Produce of the additional Duties on Dice, D*

The Produce of the Duties on Legacies or Shares of Personal Estates, D° ——

The Produce of the Duties on Probates of Wills, D°

£. s.

32,237 9 11 10,602 13 6

8,151 5 —

394 10 —

11,414 ——

30,762 ——

The Produce of the following Duties, granted by Acts of the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, from the 5th of April 1792 to the 10th of October following:

f.

£. s.

18,194 3 18,735 16 36,929 19

93,56i 18

130,491 18

The Duty on British Spirits -

D° - on Foreign Spirits -

D" - on Sugar ——

D# - on Certificates issued with respect to the killing of Game

D° - on Bills and Receipts, after deducting 64,3001, to be carried to the Consolidated Fund The Tax of 10/. per Cent, on Assessed Taxes -Arrears of the Duty repealed from the 5th of April 1792 -

49.323 ——

66,989 ——

84,624 6 5|.

2,008 16 7

44,405 12 43,194 10

82,324 --

5

7 i

372,869 6

d.

1 $

8

5

2 i

1

Mem.

The Sum of 106,0001, was granted out of the Sapply for the Year 1792, to make good the Loss to this Fund, by repealing the Duty on Malt, Anno 1791, from the5th of April 1792.

Presented pursuant to an Act of the 27th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, the 31st Day of December 179*, by

George

33 Geo. Ill* 31° l)ecembris.-^l0-^~Q° Januarii. 73

Supply de-

Itired.

Ways and Means de-t tired.

Committee on Aliens Bill.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; ,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read:

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An -Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Walson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him *to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

— — , r..... „ . , . j

Todmorden, through the Parishes of -

ton, and Prestwick cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to join and communicate with the Canal of his Grace the Duke of B, at or near a Place called Combrook, in the Parish of Manchester, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and al$o several Navigable Branches from such intended Canal; and that there are upon the said River Irk, and the Feeders thereof, more than Twenty Water Mills, and many of them of great Value; and that the Water of the said River is not at all Times sufficient for the regular Supply of the Mills erected thereon, and the Petitioners have Reason to apprehend, that it is not practicable to make and maintain the said intended Canal, according to the Line and Level proposed, without taking or intercepting many of the Sources and Feeders of the said River, and in such a Manner as will deprive the Mills and Manufactories thereupon of their necessary Supply of Water, not only to the essential Injury of the Petitioners, but to the Injury <5f the Trade of the Country, and of the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may have such further or other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near-Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Man-' chestei', in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think tit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday, the 4th Day of February next.

Martis, T die Januqrii;

Anno 33* Georgii III. B Regis, 1793,

Praters,

House ad- r I 'HE House met, and being counted by Mr. journed. A Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2° die Januarii;

Anno 330 Georgii III'" Reps, 1793,

Praters.

Petition A PETITION of the Owners and Occupiers of

*fb'"BridTI. x\. Mills upon the River Irk, and the Streams and In/ Corn- Rivulets flowing into the same River, whose Names brook Canal are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand a Bill is depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County by Way of

Vo l. 48.

A Petition of the several Persons* whose Names are South Mol-thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves, and others, land Drain-. Proprietors of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, lying in a8* Petition* the several Parishes Or Hamlets of Spalding, Cowbit,

Peakill, Weston, Moulton, Whapload, Holbeach, Fleet,

Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary's, Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Luiton, and Tydd Saint M> situate in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are in the District of Country aforesaid many Thousand Acres of Land, rich and fertile in its Nature, which are subject to be overflowed for want of a Drain through the same to discharge the Waters thereof into the Sea; and that such Drainage will tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Lands, and to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining preserving, and improving, certain Lands lying in South Holland, in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cowbit&nd Peakill) Wtston, Moulton, Whapload, Holbcach, .

Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary's, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, in the County of Lincoln, subject to such Orders and Regulations as to the House shall seem fit

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wihnot, the Lord Eardley,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers and Records.

II A Petition

n

6° Januani.

A. 1793.

Spalding, Moulton, Src. Salt Marshes Drainage ami Incto-sure i'etiuon.

A Petition Of several Persons, whose Names are emerging from the various Difficulties they have had thereunder written, on Behalf of themselves and others, to encounter, and beginning to reap the Fruits of the Proprietors of private Salt Marshes* in the several Labour and Expence they have bestowed on the said Parishes, of Spalding, Moulton, IVhapload, and Holbcach, Undertaking, which was projected with the best Ad-

or entitled to Rights of Common, and other Rights vice that could then be had for the Public Good, and and Interests, in and over the Commonable Salt has been conducted on the most liberal and disin-Marshes in Moulton, in the County of Lincoln, was terested Principles; and that the making of a Canal

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That as above mentioned from BraUnston to Brentford there are, in the said Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, would be the Means of diverting from the Petitioners IVhapload and Holbcach, large Tracts of private Salt a very great and essential Portion of that Traffic, and Marshes, and also, in the said Parish of Moulton, large of those Advantages which the Company looked for-Tracts of Commonable Salt Marshes, Droves, Com- ward-to, and of which they promised themselves a per-mons, and Waste Lands, and it would be greatly to mament and undisturbed Enjoyment when they began the Advantage of the several Persons interested therein, their said Undertaking, and, therefore, that the said if the same were embanked, drained, divided, and projected Canal, would, if effected, be productive of inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be Consequences greatly injurious to the Petitioners: And given to bring in a Bill for embanking and draining the refore praying, That they may be heard, by their the unembanked Salt Marshes in the several Parishes Counsel, against any Bill that may be brought in for

making a Navigable Canal from to New

Brentford aforesaid, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation, at in the County of Northampton, to join

Reports of Select Committee of Directors oi the L\p( rt Trade to tb< East led its, pmeoted.

or

of Spalding, Moulton, IVhapload, and Holbcach, some or one of them, and for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Salt Marshes, Droves, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of Moulton, in the County of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilmot, the Lord &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition against the Braunston and Brents ford Canal Bill.

Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Orde, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Oxford Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, said Petition, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe,

by the Votes, that Application is making for an Act Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Letter r«. for forming a Navigable Canal from the said Oufoi'd Copy of a Letter written by His Majesty's principal *P*ctin| *|* Canal Navigation, at Braunslon, in the County of Secretary of State for the Home Department, in the ^*H°amjt Northampton, to unite with the River Thames, at New Month of November last, to the Sheriffs Depute in in Scotland, Brentfordf in the County of Middlesex, with certain Scotland, respecting the State of the late Harvest, and *c. ordered. Collateral Cuts to branch out of the same; and that the Situation of the several Counties as to the Article it having been judged expedient, early in the Reign of Fuel; together with Copies of such Letters, or Re-of His present Majesty, that, with a View of facili- ports, as may have been received from the said tating the Trade between the Northern Counties and Sheriffs Depute, pr other Persons, inconsequence.

London, and of supplying Coals to Parts of Warwickshire, Northamptonshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxford- Or, That there be laid before this House, an Accountor shire, and especially the University and City of Oxford, Account of the Amount of the Produce of the Duty Produce of then in Want of that Article, a Navigable Canal should on Coals, at the different Ports in Scotland, for the Duty on

v.,. t. — — n — i _ m ----- --- ii.j ia8t Three Years, to the latest Period to which the same cau be made up; distinguishing each Port, and ordered.* distinguishing each Year.

be made from the Coventry Canal, at a Place called Longford, in the County of Warwick, to the said City of Oxford, a Plan was formed for that Purpose, with the Assistance and Advice of the most expert Engineers of that Time, among whom wsls the celebrated Mr. Brindley, and such Plan receiving the Approbation of Parliament, Three Bills have passed the Legislature, one in 1769', for making and maintaining the said Canal, another in 1775, and another in 1786, for furthering the same Object; and that, on the Faith, and under the Sanction of those Three several Acts of Parliament, the Petitioners have persevered with every Exertion to complete the said Undertaking, and have expended thereon (inclusive of Interest Money advanced and allowed upon the Calls paid by the Subscribers) the Sum of 307,000l. and upwards, of which the Sum of 130,000l. has been borrowed under the Authority of the said Acts, on the Credit of their Tonnage: That, antecedent to the Year 1786,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Reports of First Report of the Select Committee (appointed by Select Com-the Court of Directors to take into Consideration the Dl‘

Export Trade from Great Britain to the East Indies) Export laid before the Right honourable the Lords of the Trade to the Committee of Privy Council appointed for all Mat- East indie‘> ters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, with ordered‘ an Appendix, dated the island the 7th of September !79L

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Second Report of the Select Committee (appointed by the Court of Directors to take into Consideration the Export Trade from Great Britain to the East Indies, relative to the Export Trade to China) laid before the Right honourable the Lords of the Committee of

tawi

tU if Ul.tr

the Profits of the said Canal were not equal'to the Privy Council appointed for all Matters relating to

-current Expences; that in the Year 1789, the Petitioners divided the Sum of Three Shillings and Eleven Pence per Cent, in the Year 1790, 6

per Cent, and, in the Year 1791, 2/. per Cent, since which Time they have made no Dividend whatever, but have Reason to hope and expect that a Dividend of 2 /. per Cent, will soon be made for the last Half Year, coding at Christmas; and that they are now just

Trade and Foreign Plantations, with an Appendix, dated the 29th December 1791.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Third Report of the Select Committee (appointed by the Court of Directors to take into Consideration the Export Trade from Great Britain to the East Indies, relative to the Export Trade to Japan and Persia) laid before the Right honourable the Lords of the Com-

03 mittee

33 Geo. III. 9?Januarii. U

mittee of Privy Council appointed for all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, with an Appendix, dated the nth and 18th January 1792.

Reports of The House being informed that Mr. Maddocks, miuee from the Directors of the India Company,

Directors on Attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Export the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Trade to the Orders,

presented!8' The First Report of the Select Committee (appointed by the Court of Directors, to take into Consideration the Export Trade from Great Britain to the East Indies) laid before the Right honourable the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council appointed for all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, with an Appendix, dated the 1st and the 7th of September 1791: And also,

The Second Report of the Select Committee (appointed by the Court of Directors to take into Consideration the Export Trade from Great Britain to the East Indies, relative to the Export Trade to China) laid before the Right honourable the Lords of the Committee of Privy* Council appointed for all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, with an Appendix, dated the 29th December 1791: And also,

The Third Report , of the Select Committee (appointed by the Court' of Directors to take into Consideration the Export Trade from Great Britain to the East Indies, relative to the Export Trade to Japan and Persia)laid before the Right honourable the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council appointed for all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, with an Appendix, dated the 11th and 18th January 1792-

Together with a List of the said Reports.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Reports be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Reports are-preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Petition A Petition of Thomas Esquire, and Thomas

r*P^ct,"8 Batt, Gentleman, Electors of Members to serve in Election for Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the Ludgershall. County of Wilts, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, on the 15th Day of 1791, a Select Committee of this House, appointed to try the Merits of the Petition of John Drummond and Robert Drummond, Esquires, and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament' for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the ' County of Wilts, severally complaining of an undue Election and RetQrn for the said Borough of Ludgershall, reported to the House the Right of voting for Members of Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall to be " in such Persons who have any Estate of " Inheritance, or Freehold, or Leasehold, determinable upon Life or Lives within the Borough, not " confined to entire ancient Houses, or the entire " Sites of ancient Houses, within the Borough and that the Right honourable Viscount Midlelon, the Honourable William Brodricl:, and Charles Townshend, Esquire, on the 17th Day of December last, presented their Petition to this House, stating the said Right of Election as reported by the said Select Committee, and that the Petitioners were not satisfied with the said Resolution, and that they were desirous to be admitted Parties to oppose the said Right -of Election, and to have the Benefit of the Statute in that Behalf made and provided j and that the Petitioners insist, that the Tou 48.

Right of Election, as declared by the said Select Committee, is the true and lawful Right of Election for the said Borough of Ludgershall: And therefore praying,

That they may be admitted as Parties to defend suen Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid, and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 7th Day of February next, at the same Time that the Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Midleton, the Honourable William Brodrick, and Charles Townshend, Esquire, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wis ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Ludgershall, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials' of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of A Hens Bill the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the reported, Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations committed respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Serjeant Watson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the said Bill.

Lhe House accordingly resolved itself into the said Considered Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee,

That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive thfe same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Serjeant Watson accordingly reported from the Reported* said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the 'House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. i. 1. 8. After "Resort" insert "and Residence."

1. 9. Leave out " such,"

1. 10.

2° Januctrin

A. 1793.

Amendments to Aliens Bill,

1. io. Leave out fof regulating the " same " and insert " in respect " thereof."

1. 27. Leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End thereof.

1. 29. Leave out " any such/*

1.33. After " thereof " insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted by

" the Authority aforesaid, That uthe Master or Commander of u every Ship or Vessel so arriving " as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refuse to make such Declaration, as aforesaid, shall, for " every such Offence, forfeit and " pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, " for each and every Foreigner " who shall have been on Board,

at the Time of the Arrival of " such Ship or-Vessel as aforesaid, whom he shall have wil-{ fully neglected or refused to declare as aforesaid, One Moiety " whereof shall be to the Informer or Informers, and the " other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish or Place' in which " such Offence shall have been " committed, to be recovered before any One or more Justice " or justices of the Peace, acting in and for the Division, City, Town, or Place in which " such Offence shall have been " committed, by the Confession " of the Party, or on the Oath " of One or more credible Witnfess or Witnesses; and in case " such Master or Commander as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse forthwith to pay such " Penalty as he shall be adjudged to pay, in Manner aforesaid, that it shall and may be " lawful for the Collector, Comp-n trailer, or other Chief Officer " of the Customs, to detain such " Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, until the same shall have been " paid.

1. 35* Leave out from " Alien" to " who" in 1. 36.

1.38. Leave out " First " and insert " Tenth."

I. 40. Leave out ftom " Three" to " shall" in 1. 3. Press 2.

Pr. 2. 1. 9. After " Description " insert " or if

" a Domestic Servant, then also " the Name, Rank, Occupation,

" or Description of his or her " blaster or Mistress.*

1. 16. Leave out " previous to" and insert next immediately preceding."

1. 22.. Leave out " any of."

1. 23. Leave out Courts of Record" and insert " Court of King's Bench,

" or in any Court of Oyer and . " Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or " Great Sessions."

1. 29. After limited" insert " without " lawful Cause."

1. 31. After Life" insert Clauses (B.) and (C.)

Clause (B.) " And be it further Enacted by the

T< Authority aforesaid, That every " such Alien so arriving as aforesaid, shall obtain from the Col-<( lector, Comptroller, or other " Chief officer of the Customs " (and such Officers are hereby' respectively, required to deliver " the same) a Certificate of his " or her Declaration, made in " Writing, or verbally, containing all the Particulars in such Declaration contained."

Clause (C.) " Provided always, and be it further Enacted by the Authority " aforesaid, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Mariner whom the Master or Commander of any " Ship or Vessel, arriving in any " Port or Place in Great,

" shall certify to such Collector, " Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, in " Writing, subscribed by such Master or Commander, to be " actually engaged and employed " in the Navigation of such Ship " or Vessel, during the Time that such Mariner shall re-‘ main so actually engaged and " employed,- and which Certificate in Writing, so subscribed " as aforesaid, every such Master or Commander as aforesaid, Is " hereby required to give."

1. 34. Leave out " such."

1. 35. Leave out " with him."

Pr. 3. 1. 15. After Disposal" insert Clause

(L>.)

Clause (D.) " And be it further Enacted by " the Authority aforesaid, That " when and so often as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall think it necessary, for the Safety or Tranquillity of " the Kingdom, by His or their " Proclamation or Order in " Council, to direct that Aliens " of any Description therein contained (not being Alien Mer- " chants within the true Intent

" and Meaning of this Act) shall " not be landed in this Kingdom, or shall not be landed, " except at such Places, and <( under such Regulations, as shall be in such Proclama-tion or Order expressed, then " and in every such Case the " Master or Commander of " every Ship or Vessel, or Boat, " having any such Alien or Aliens " on Board, shall not suffer any " such Alien or Aliens to land within any Part of this Kingdom, contrary to such Proclav mation or Order in Council,

" unless by the express Permission of His Majesty, signified " under the Hand of One of " His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and every such " Master or Commander wilfully neglecting to conform to " any of the Directions or Regulat!ions

33 Geoi. III.

" gulations ^Contained in such " Proclamation or Order, shall . " forfeit Fifty Pounds for every

" Alien so landed, and such Ship /" or Vessel from on Board of . which any such Alien or Aliens > " shall so land, and every other " Vessel or Boat used in landing " any such Alien or Aliens, shall " ana may be seized by any " Officer or Officers of the Cus-, " toms or Excise, and the same

shall respectively be forfeited, together with all Tackle, Ap-V'parel, Ammunition, and Fur-' " niture thereunto respectively - belonging."

1. 17. Leave out " such," and leave out from Alien " to " shall," in 1.18. and insert " so arriving."

1. 18. Leave put from " the " to " Place " in 1.19.

1. 20. After have " insert " so," and after ".arrived" insert "except " for the Purpose of making such " declaration as hereinbefore required, to the Collector, Comptroller, of othet Chief Officer of the Customs as aforesaid, or'

" for the Purpose of obtaining . " such Passport as is herein after " mentioned."

1. 23. Leave out " Port or."

I.35. Leave out " without any Fee or " Reward." .

I.37. After "Purpose" insert "on Production of the Certificate of " his or her Declaration as aforesaid."

1. 38. After " Place" insert " to which " such Alien purposes to go."

Pr. 4- 1- 1. Leave out " after."

1. 2. After "mentioned''insert "andprovided that such Alien shall not " have landed in this Kingdom " contrary to any such Proclamation or Order in Council " as is herein mentioned.*'

1. 4. Leave out " such," and leave out from " Alien" to " except," in

L 5.

1. 5. Leave out " Menial *' and insert " Domestic."

1. 6. After Majesty's" insert " natural-born,"and after "Subjects" insert " or such as shall have had " Letters Patent of Denization,

" or been naturalized by Act of " Parliament."

1. 8. Leave out from " Masters " to " who," in 1. 12.

1. 15. After "Two" insert "or who shall " arrive therein at any Time " during the Continuance of this " Act."

h 17. After " Residence " insert " or to " quit the Town or Place at " which such Alien shall have " arrived by virtue of his or her " first Passport."

1. 24. After " also " insert " unless such " Alien shall be an Alien Merchant"

1. 37. After " or " insert " if such Alien " shall not have arrived therein " by virtue of any Passport." Vot. 48.

Leave out from " Provided *' to Amendments " And," in 1.7. and insert Clause toAliens Bill. (E.) .

" Provided also, and be it Enacted " by the Authority aforesaid;

" That if it shall appear to the " Satisfaction of such Mayor,

" Magistrate, or Justice, upoit "due Examination upon Oath " of such Alien, and also, if " necessary, of any other Person " or Persons, that such Alien is " an Alien Merchant, within the " true Intent and Meaning of " this Act, it shall not be necessary to express in such Passport " the Name of the Town or Place to which such Alien shall ." propose, to remover but the " same shall describe such Alien ie to be an Alien Merchant, within the true Intent and " Meaning of this Act, and give " full Liberty to such Alien " Merchant to pass and repass " to and from all Parts of this " Kingdom."

1. 13. Leave out "such."

I.17. After " Two" insert "or shall ( " arrive at any Time during

' " the Continuance of this Act,"

and leave out from "except" td " such," in 1. 18.

1. 184 Leave out " Menial" and insert " Domestic."

1. 19;-. Leave out "pass" and insert " be " passing," and after " throdgh "

.insert " or be found in."

1. 22. After " Passport" insert " which " he or she is hereby required td exhibit accordingly."

1. 24. After Alien" insert " not being " therein described as an Alien " Merchant^ in the Manner iii , " this Act mentioned."

1. 26. Leave out " in case."

1. 29. After " aforesaid " insert " Or in " case such Magistrate,

" or Justice shall see Cause to " suspect that such Alien landed " in this Kingdom contrary td " any such Proclamation or Order in Council as is herein " mentioned."

1. 30. After " may " insert " commit such " Alien to the Common Gaol of " other public Prisdn, or "

1. 35. After "State" insert " which Notice such Mayor, Magistrate;

" or Justice is hereby required " forthwith to transmit."

1. 38. After " thereupon " insert " and " unless His Majesty shall thereupon, within Ten Days in England, or Fourteen Days in " land, signify His Pleasure that " such Alien shall be discharged,

"or shall direct, in Manner herein after mentioned, that' such " Alien shall depart the Realm,

" it shall and may be lawful for " such Mayor, Magistrate, or " Justice to cause such Alien td " be committed to the Common " Gaol, without Bail or Main*

" prize, until he or she shall X "be

2° Jariuam.

Pr. 5. 1. 2. Clause (E.).

V

LjO ne

Amendments

to Aliens Kill,

78

2° Janua

A. 1793.

Clacse (F )

" be of Law,

CFO

delivered by due and insert

Course

Clause

« And be it Enacted by the Au-athority aforesaid, lhat every Alien who shall refuse to ex-« bibit his or her Passport, or a who shall have been found not bond Jide proceeding to the Town or Place therein expressed, or who shall have wilfully landed in this Kingdom " contrary to any Proclamation " or Order in Council herein " mentioned, and who shall be " lawfully convicted thereof in " His Majesty's Court of King's " Bench, or any Court of Oyer " and Terminer, or Gaol l3elivery, or Great Sessions, shall be adjudged to suffer Imprisonment for any Time not exceeding One Month, and at the Expiration of the said Term, to depart out of the Realm within a Time to be limited in such Judgment; and if " such Alien shall be found there- in after such Time in such " Judgment so limited, without lawful Cause, such Alien shall, " being duly convicted, be transported for Life."

Leave out "such Alien" and in-„ . , ,8ert " Person or Persons."

Pr. 6. 1. l. After 4< wilfully" insert €l forge, " counterfeit, or," and after " be" insert " forged, counterfeited,

H

u

u

u

it

u

1. 40-

" or," and leave out from " altered"

1.

h ii.

1- 15.

1. 19. 1. 20. Pr. 7. 1. 2. 1. 4*

1. 6

1. 7.

1. 9-

I 13-

1. 14.

1. 10. 1. 21.

1. 27.

Leave out " Order" and insert " Orders respectively, or shall be " found in this Kingdom contrary to such Proclamation or " Orders."

Leave out " such."

Leave out from " aforesaid" to " to," in 1. 15.

After " he" insert " or she."

After " he" insert " or," and leave out " or they."

Leave out " Order" and insert " Orders respectively, or being " found in this Kingdom contrary to such Proclamation or " Orders respectively."

Leave out "any of," and leave out from Majesty's" to " or" in M 1. 29, and insert " Court of King's " Bench, or any Court of Oyer and Termiher, Gaol Delivery, " or Great Sessions."

After " limited" insert " without " lawful Cause."

Pr. 8. 1. 4. Leave out " Order and insert " Orders Respectively."

Leave out " Order " and insert " Orders respectively."

1. 28.

1. 3C.

1. 13.

1. 16.

to "any," in 1. 2. and " or shall utter, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited, or altered."

Leave out from " as" to the End of 1. 5. and insert " are by this " Act directed."

Leave out from " Officer" to shall, in 1. 10, and insert " or to any such Mayor, Magistrate, or Justice as are herein mentioned, or shall falsely pretend to be the Person mentioned in such Passport or Certificate, such Person or Persons."

Leave out " any Court of Record" and insert " His Majesty's Court " of King's Bench, or any Court " of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol " Delivery, or Great Sessions." Leave out " One" and insert " Six," and leave out "Month" and insert " Months."

Leave out " Alien" and insert " Person or Persons."

After " limited" insert " without " lawful Cause."

Leave out " now dwelling" and insert " being."

Leave out " except Alien Merchants" and insert " during the " Continuance of this Act.

Leave out " Order" and insert " Orders respectively."

Leave out " except Alien " chants."

Pr.

After " same" insert " and such " Alien shall remain in the Custody of such Messenger, until " the Lords of His Majesty's " Privy Council shall have signified their Determination there- upon."

L 22. Leave out " such."

L 23. Leave out " as" and insert " who."

1. 26. After " Two" insert " or who shall " arrive therein during the Continuance of this Act."

1. 27. Leave out " Menial" and insert " Domestic," and after Majesty's" insert "natural-born."

L 28. After "Subjects" insert "or of such " as shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or been " naturalized by Act of Parliament."

L 38. Leave out " Order" and insert " Orders respectively."

1. 41. Leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the First " to" in Line 42, and insert " or any such " Mayor or Chief Magistrate as " aforesaid."

I- 1. 2. After " Justice" insert " Mayor or " Chief Magistrate."

1. 5. Leave out " Order" and insert " Orders respectively."

1. 12. Leave out " any Court of Record" and insert " His Majesty's Court " of King's Bench, or any Court " of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol " Delivery, or Great Sessions."

1. 17. Leave out " Order" and insert " Orders respectively."

1. 23. After " who" insert " shall be in " this Kingdom on the Tenth " Day of January One thousand M Seven hundred and Ninetythree, and who."

Leave out from " Two" to " ex-

Mer-

1. 26. 1. 27.

" cept," in 1. 27. Leave out " Menial' " Domestic."

and insert

L 28.

ie

33 Geo. III. 2° Janmrii.

i. 28.

1. 29.

i- 30.

1. 3»*

1- 33-

I. 34-

Pr. 10. I: 1.

J. 5.

28.

1. ^29.

1. 3'-

Leave out " Thirty" and insert " Ten."

Leave out " First " and insert " Tenth."

Leave put "next" and insert " One " thousand Seven hundred and . " Ninety-three."

Leave out " First" and insert "Tenth."

Leave out from " except " to " shall," in 1.34. and insert "such " Domestic Servants as aforesaid."

Leave out " Fifteen " and insert " Ten."

Leave out " Dwelling."

Leave out " Dwelling."

Leave out " Menial " and insert " Domestic."

Leave out " Dwelling."

After " mentioned " insert " and , " such Mayor, Magistrate, Justice, or Person authorized as

1. 36.

Pr. 11. 1. 10.

1. 19. 1. 20. 1. 26. 1. 28.

1. 36.

Pr. 12. 1. 1.

Clause (G.)

Vol. 48.

" aforesaid, is hereby required to " give a Certificate to such Alien, on Application for that Purpose, which Certificate shall " specify the Particulars of the " Account so delivered by such " Alien."

Leave out from " Peace" to " to," in 1. 37:

Leave out " any of," and Leave out from Majesty's" to " or, in 1. 11, and insert " Court of Kings " Bench, or any Court of Oyer " and Terminer, Gaol Delivery,

" or Great Sessions."

Leave out " within " and insert " after." After " Judgment" insert " with*

" out lawful Cause." L 12.

Leave out " resident" and insert

" who may arrive or be." 1. 14.

Leave out " such" and insert " this." 1. 15*

After " examine" insert " upon " Oath." 1. 19.

After " mentioned" insert Clause 1. 20.

(G.) 1. 26.

" And be it further Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That it 1. 31.

" shall and may be lawful for any " Justice of the Peace, Mayor, 1* 34-

" or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, by Notice in Writing 1. 37.

" under their Hands respectively, Clause (H)

" to be left at the Dwelling " House of any Housekeeper " within the Division, Cify, Town,

" or Place, in and for which such " Justice, Mayor, or Chief Ma-. " gistrate as aforesaid shall act,

" to require of such Housekeeper " an Account in Writing, within " a Time to be limited in such " Notice, to be subscribed with " the Name of such Housekeeper, of the Names, Rank, and " Occupation of all such Aliens Pr. 13* h 3as may be resident in his or " her Dwelling House, as far as " the same shall hare come to " his or her Knowledge, together with an Account of the " Length of Time during which " such Aliens respectively shall

79

" have been so resident in his or " her Dwelling House, or if no " such Alien shall be resident " therein, then in like Manner " he or she shall certify the same; " and if any such Housekeeper " shall neglect or refuse to return " such Account or Cerificate as " is hereby required, or shall return a false Account or Certificate, every such Housekeeper,

" being lawfully convicted thereof by his or her Confession, or " on the Oath or Oaths of One " or more credible Witness or " Witnesses, shall forfeit and pay " the Sum of Fifty Pounds for " every Alifen who shall be proved " to have been a Lodger or Inmate in such Dwelling House " as aforesaid, either at the Time when such Notice as aforesaid " was left at his or her Dwelling " House, or at the Time of returning such Account or Certifieate, and whom he or she shall have wilfully neglected to " return in such Account; and " in case there shall be, or have " been, no Alien in his or her " Dwelling House at such Time " respectively, shall forfeit add pay the Sum of Five Pounds,

" to be recovered in Manner " aforesaid; One Moiety of such " Penalties respectively to be to " the Informer or Informers, and " the other Moiety to the Poor " of the Parish or Place in which " such Dwelling House shall be " situate."

After " Passports" insert " and " Certificates."

Leave out " and."

After " Passports" insert " and " Certificates."

Leave out " a."

Leave out " such."

After " Exchequer" insert " being " of the Degree of the Coif."

Leave out "Alien " and insert "Person.'*

Leave out "Alien" and insert " Persom"

After " her" insert Clause (H).

" Provided also, and be it further " Enacted by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall be lawful " for any Justice of the Peace " to admit any Alien to Bail " who shall have been committed " by virtue of this Act, such " Justice being authorized so to " do by Warrant of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries " of State for that Purpose, specifying the Security to be taken " by such Justice."

Leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " give," in 1. 5. and insert " if within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortalify,

" or within the Parishes of Saint " Mary le bone, Paddington, Saint

" Pancras, and Saint Luke at

" Chelsea, in the County of Mid-

dieses,

Amendments to

Aliens bilk

80

U

Amendment*

toAUenaBUL

\. 24-

\. 29

Januarii-

" dlesex, ton the Tenth ©ay of " January One thousand seven " hundred and Ninety-three; or " if out of the Limits of the " Weekly Bills of Mortality, or " of the several Parishes aforesaid, withinTen Days from the said Tenth Day of;

" and every Alien who shall arrive therein after the Tenth 11 Day of January One thousand " Seven hundred and N inety three, shall within Ten Days " after his or their Arrival."

1. \o. After " others" insert " for or."

1. 12. Leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " deliver," in\. 14.

" and insert " Three Days from " such Notice."

1. 20. After " State" insert " during the " Time such Licence shall be in " Force."

1. 25. After " others" insert " for or." Clause 1. 26. Leave out " other" and insert " Weapons," and after " Arms" insert " Gunpowder."

1.'28. After "Person" insert "wilfully."

1. 30. After " or" insert " wilfully "

1. 32. After " or" insert " forging"

1. 34- After " be" insert " forged," and after " altered" insert " or utter*

" ing, knowing the same to ‘ be forged, counterfeited, or " altered.

I. 35. After the Second or" insert " knowingly."

1. 37. After " others" insert " for or."

1. 40. Leave out " any of."

Pr. 14. 1. 1. Leave out " Courts of Record" and insert " Court of King's Bench,

" or any Court of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Great " Sessions,"

1. 6. After " limited" insert " without " lawful Cause."

13. Leave out " from."

1. 17. After " Two" insert " Or who shall " arrive therein during the Continuance of this Act."

1. 18. Leave out " resident"

1. 25. After " others" insert " for or."

1. 27. After " aforesaid" insert " and in " case of Refusal it shall be lawful for such Mayor, Magistrate,

" or Justice, to take into his or " their Custody, any such Weapons, Arms, Gunpowder, or " Ammunition, and the same shall " be and remain at the King's " Disposal."

\. 32. Leave out " any of."

33. Leave out " Courts of Record" and insert " Court of King's Bench,

" or in any Court of Oyer and " Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or " Great Sessions."

After "limited" insert "without " lawful Cause."

1 4. After " Peace" insert " or any

Pr* '5* ' Mayor or Chief Magistrate as

" aforesaid."

7 Leave out " such."

V ‘K Leave out from " excepted" to

L ,5* " shall," ini. 18.

After " Inmate" insert " such In-« mate not being a Domestic

1. 3»-

1. 19-

A. 1793.

" Servant of any of His Majesty's natural-born Subjects,

" or Persons who shall have had " letters Patent of Denization,

" or been naturalized by Act of " Parliament, resident in such " House."

Leave out from " seizfed" to the End of 1. 25.

After " being" insert for or," and Leave out " Disposition" and insert " Disposal, except duch W eapons, Arms, Gunpowder, and " Ammunition, whereof he may " be in Possession by virtue of " such Licence as is hereinbefore " mentioned; and such Wca-pons, Arms, Gunpowder, and " Ammunition so seized, shall " be at the King's Disposaland insert Clause (1.)

(I.) " And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it " shall and may be lawful for " such Secretary of State, or such " Justice, Mayor, or Chief Magistrate as aforesaid, to require " any Housekeeper, in whose " Dwelling House any Alien " shall be a Lodger or Inmate,

" by Notice in Writing under " their; Hands and S-ials respectively, to be left at such " Dwelling House, an Account " in Writing, to be subscribed " with the Name of such House- \

" keeper, of all Weapons, Arms, \

" Gunpowder, or Ammunition |

which shall be in such Dwell-

" ing House for or at the Use or " Disposal of such Alien, within " a Time to be limited in such " Notice, or a Certificate, subscribed in like Manner, that " none of the Articles aforesaid " are therein to be found, as the Case may be; and that every " such Housekeeper neglecting " or refusing to return such Account as aforesaid, or who shall " knowingly either return a false " Account of the Particulars " aforesaid, or falsely certify that " none of the Particulars aforesaid are therein, shall forfeit and " pay the Sum of One hundred " Pounds; and if he or she shall " neglect or refuse to make such " Certificate as aforesaid, although none of the Particulars " aforesaid be therein, he or she " shall forfeit and pay the Sum of " Five Pounds; such Penalties to " be respectively recovered before " any One or more Justice or " Justices of the Peace, on the " Oath of One or more credible " Witness or Witnesses; One Moiety whereof respectively " shall be to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety " to the Poor of the Parish or " Place in which such Dwelling " House'shall be situtate."

1. 36. Leave out " such."

Pr. 16.

33 Geo. III.

Janua

Pr, 16. l. i.

1. 5-

1. 7-1. 9.

1. 13-1. 17.

I.18. 1. 32. Pr. 17. 1. 1. I 4-

Clause (K.)

1. 5-

1. 22.

After " Peace" insert " Mayor or " Chief Magistrate."

After " Act" insert " or who shall " have been admitted to Bail. Leave out " silch." n

Leave out" and" and insert " or and leave out from " Successors to " shall," in 1. 1 o.

Leave out " any Court of Record" and insert " His Majesty's " Court of King's Bench, or in " any Court of Oyer or Terminer, Gaol Delivery, or Great " Sessions."

After " Cases" insert " concerning " the execution of this Act." Leave out from " Person" to " is," in 1. 20.

Leave out " Menial" and insert " Domestic."

Leave out " Menial" and insert " Domestic."

Leave out from " arise" to the End of the Line, and insert Clause (K.)

"♦And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be deemed an Alien " Merchant within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, " except such Person as shall be " bond side engaged in carrying " on Trade or Commerce, by exporting or importing Merchandize from or into this " Kingdom, seeking his or her " Living the reby; or such Person as having been bond side " engaged in Trade or Coinmerce in Foreign Parts, and " continuing engaged in such " Trade or Commerce, or being " employed as Agent or Factor " by any such Person in Foreign " Parts, shall resort to this Kingdom, bondfide, for the Purpose " of transacting the Business of " the said Trade or Commerce " in which such Person in Foreign Parts shall have been " ana shall be so engaged as " aforesaid."

Leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of 1. 20. Leave out from "that" to "Foreign," in 1. 24, and insert

U "

Clause (M.)

Clause (N.)

1.45-

Clause (O.)

1. 24.

1.25.

1. 26. 1. 27.

1.30.

Clause (L.)

Leave out from " Ambassador" to " the," in 1. 25, and insert " nor " other public Minister duly authorized, nor."

Leave out " Menial" and insert " Domestic."

After " any" insert " such."

Leave out " Foreign" and insert " Public."

After " Minister" insert " nor Aliens " born who shall have had Letters Patent of Denization, or " shall have been naturalized by " Act of Parliament shall be " deemed Aliens within the " Meaning of this Act." and insert Clauses (L.) (M.) (N )

" Provided always, and be it Enacted, " That nothing in this Act con-

Vol. 48.

81

" tained shall affect any Alien, Amendments " in respect of any Act done or to Aliens Bill. " omitted, who shall make it appear that he or she was not " above the Age of Fourteen " Years at the Time of such Act " done Or omitted."

" And be it further Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, lhat all " Certificates, Passports, Notices,

" and Licences, hereinbefore required to be given by any " Collector, Comptroller, or other " Chief Officer of the Customs,

" or by any Justice or Justices of " the reace, or other Magistrates " respectively, shall be given " without any Fee or Reward " whatsoever."

" And be it further Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That if " any Passport or Certificate, issued to any Alien by virtue of " this Act, shall be lost, mislaid,

" or destroyed, and such Alien " shall produce to One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace,

" from the Office of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries " of State, a Copy of the Passport or Certificate so lost, mislaid, or destroyed, and shall " make it appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that he " or she is the Person named in " such Passport or Certificate,

" and that the same has ben lost,

" mislaid, or destroyed without " his or her wilful Neglect or " Default, it shall and may be " lawful for such Justice, and he " is hereby required to grant to " such Alien a fresh Passport or " Certificate, which shall be of '* the like Force and Effect as " the Passport or Certificate so " lost, mislaid, or destroyed."

After " Clergy" insert Clauses (O.)

(P.) (QO (R.)

" And be it further Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That it " shall and may be lawful for any " Justice or Justices of the Peace " before whom any pecuniary " Penalties shall be recovered in " pursuance of this Act, in case " the same shall not be forthwith " paid, to award and issue Warrants of Distress respectively " for the levying of such pecuniary Penalties upon the Goods " and Chattels of any Offender " or Offenders, and to cause Sale " to be made of such Goods and " Chattels, if they shall not be " redeemed within Fourteen " Days, rendering to such Offender or Offenders the Overplus (if any there be) and for " Want of sufficient Distress to " imprison the Party offending " till Satisfaction be made; and " that if either Party think him " or themselves aggrieved by any " Judgment or Order to be given " or made by any Justice of the Y " Peace

Amendments to Aliens BU).

62

2" — 4° Januarii.

A. 1793.

Clause (P.)

" Peace acting in pursuance of " this Act, touching any pecuniary Penalty relating to the " same, it shall and may be " lawful to and for such Person or Persons to appeal " from the same to the Justices " assembled at the next General " or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County, Shire, or " Stewartry, where such Judgment or Order shall have been " made, who shall finally determine the same; and no Writ " of Certiorari shall be allowed, " to remove the Proceedings of " the said Justices, touching the u pecuniary Penalties aforesaid." Provided always, and it is hereby *' Enacted by the Authority afore-

" Costs to him or them awarded " against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs."

Clause (R.) " Provided also, and be it Enacted, " That this Act, or any of the " Provisions therein contained, " may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acts to " be passed in this present Session of Parliament."

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Supply de-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred. said. That the Party or Par- House, to consider further of the Supply grouted to ties so appealing as aforesaid, His Majesty.

shall give Notice in Writing, by Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Way* and the Space of Six Days next being next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mean* de-

House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the ferreJ-Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 4 die Januarii; Anno 53* Georgii III*M Regis, 1793. Pbayehs.

MR. Speaker informed the House, That tition of the several Persons, whose

are

a Pe- Mr. Speaker Names informa the

of the Houm th,t

Clause (Q.)

fore such Sessions shall beholden as aforesaid, unto the other Party or Parties, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and that it shall and may be lawful for such Justices so assembled to award Costs to either Party, as they shall in their Discretion think fit, to be levied, by Warrant of the said Justices, or any Two or more of them, on the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties " against whom the same shall " be awarded: Provided also,

" That in case there be not the " Space of Six Days between the

" First Judgment or Order of are thereunto subscribed, all legal Voters v* — M p.

" any Justice or Justices and the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, petitioncom Quarter or General Sessions on Behalf of themselves and many other Elec- plaining of " then next following, that then tors of the said Borough, which was signed by John Warwick " such Appeal may be made at Parry and several other Persons, was presented to this re.

" the Second General or Quar- House in the last Session of Parliament, complaining newed, Ac. " ter Sessions after such Judg- of the undue Election and Return of the Honourable " ment or Order made." George Vittiers for the said Borough (which Petition

And be it further Enacted by the was depending before the House at the End of the last Authority aforesaid, That if Session) and that the said John Parry had, on the 24th

Day of February 1792, together with John Tomes of Warwick, Gentleman, and Joseph Cotton, of the same Place, Mercer, entered into a Recognizance, in the usual Manner, for renewing his said Petition in the prepursuance of or by Colour of gent Session of Parliament, in pursuance of an Act made this Act, or of any Matter or in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or " Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," but that the said John Parry not having renewed his said Petition in this Session, Mr. Speaker had certified into the Court of Exchequer the said Recognizance, and the Default which had been made in the Performance thereof.

Ptiiuon reacting the iigtt uf Eton for Pvntf tract.

any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in

Thing therein contained, such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced within the Space of Three Months next after the Offence shall be committed, and such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give the Special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon 1 Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, ‘ or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ‘ shall become nonsuited, or shall ‘ discontinue his or their Suit

it

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining Dayappoint-a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal in the for.a* County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham {^"herum Cana), now making at, or near, Selly Oak, in the said and Selly County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to commu- Oak Canal nicate therewith, be read a Second Time upon Wed-or Prosecution, or if Judgment nesday, the 6th Day of February next.

be given for the Defendant or.

A Petition of the several Owners and Holders of Favour/'° Mills situated upon the River Colder, in the Parish Sowerby of Halifax, in the County of York, and the Parish of Bridge and 7 Rochdale,

Defendants upon Demurrer or otherwise, such Defendant or Defendants shall have Double

¥j:

f.'rec.

ays

ltJb I*

ir:et

Sptu-orffiH' hr a *.Pn. atKta mui£s irwifi :Ct;ui bttf ' rtd, i:

ap>>

jri'

ding31

bffJ*

Sel!j

Ci

[ions/ tar ot :rby ?<Ssi

bn®'

JBS-

33 Geo. III. 4° Janua83

Rockdale, in the County Palatine of and the several Brooks, Rivulets, Streams, and Feeders, flowing into the same River, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the several Owners and Holders of Mills situated upon the River , and the several Brooks called Sladen and Healees Brooks, in the Parish of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Wharf

in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, by Way of Todmorden, and near Rochdale, to or near Manchester, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to communicate with the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, at or near a Place called Cornbrook, with several Navigable Branches therefrom: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petition re- A Petition of John Smyth and William Sotheron, uecting the Esquires, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Election for S^ng forth, That, upon the 9th Day of March, in Pontefract, the Year 1791, the Select Committee, who were appointed to tty and determine the Merits of a Petition of Charles Mellish and John Anstruther, Esquires, and also, the Petition of several other Persons, Freeholders of Burgage Tenure within the Borough of Pontefract, and as such claiming to be Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, reported to the House, That it appeared to the said- Select Committee, that the Merits of the Petitions did wholly depend upon the Right of Election, and that, therefore, the said Committee bad required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election, for which they respectively contended: That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said Charles Mel-Hah and John Anstruther, and the said other Persons, delivered in a Statement respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, as follows-1 — " That the Right " of Election for Members to serve in Parliament for u the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York is " in Persons having, within the said Borough, a Freehold of Burgage Tenure,- paying a Burgage Rent;" That the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said John Smyth and William Sotheron, Esquires, delivered in a Statement, as follows — "The Counsel for the Sitting " Members state the Right of Election for the Borough " of Pontefract, to be in the Inhabitants Householders " Resiants;" That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee reported, that they had determined,

" That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said " Statement, is not the Right-of Election for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of YorkThat, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee reported, that they had determined, "That the Right of Election,

" as set forth in the said Statement, is the Right of " Election for the said Borough of PontefractAnd, that John Walsh, Esquire, pretending to be an Elector of Representatives to serve-in Parliament for the said Borough of Pontefract, having, on the 15th Day of December last, presented his Petition to the House, to prevent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive, praying that he might be admitted as a Party, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case made and pro-Vol.48.

vided, to oppose that Right of Ejection, in Favour of which the said Select Committee had reported, as above set forth, and that he might have such further and other Relief in the Premises as to the House should seem meet, and the Nature of his Case might require, and the Petitioners insisting that the Right of Election, which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, is the ancient and true Right of Election for the said Borough of Pontefract, therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to defend. such Right of Election, so reported to the House as aforesaid, according to the Form of the said Statute, and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet, and as the Nature of their Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 31 st Day of this Instant January, at the same Time that the Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, who claims to be an Elector of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr.

Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Pontefract, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

A Petition of Henry Engell, of W Close Square, in Engell's Nat. the County of Middlesex, Sugar Refiner, was pre* Petition, sented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Curtis and Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Marine Mu-Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time. tiny h'11

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole *

House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply da-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ferred. to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means de-to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply ferred. granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The

Report on Aliens recommitted. Bill further considered.

84 4° Januarii. 17934

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases, was- recommitted;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Weeks."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put; .

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Pr. 8. 1. 16. (except the Clauses) being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 8.1. 16. being read a Second Time; an Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting, after the Word " Messenger," the Words " or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid." -

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 16. After "same" insert "and such " Alien shall remain in the Custody of such Messenger, or " such other Person or Persons . " as aforesaid, until the Lords of

" His Majesty's Privy Council " shall have signified their Determination thereupon."

Several other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause (D). being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Clause (D.) the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after the Words " for every Alien so landed " the Words "to be recovered before One or more of " His Majesty's Justices of the Peace; One Moiety " thereof to be to the Informer or Informers, and the " other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such " Offence shall be committed

And the Question being put, that those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

"And be it further Enacted by the Authority " aforesaid, That when and so often as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall " think it necessary, for the Safety or Tranquillity of the Kingdom, by His or their Proclamation, or Order in Council, to direct " that Aliens of any Description therein contained (not being Alien Merchants within " the true Intent and Meaning of this Act)

" shall not be landed in this Kingdom, or shall " not be landed, except at such Places; and " under such Regulations as shall be in such " Proclamation or Order expressed, then and " in every such Case, the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel, or Boat, ' " having any such Alien or Aliens on Board,

" shall not suffer any such Alien or Aliens to " land within any Part of this Kingdom,

" contrary to such Proclamation or Order in " Council, unless by the express Permission of " His Majesty, signified under' the Hand of " One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries " of State; and every such Master or Commander, wilfully neglecting to conform to " any of the Directions or Regulations contained in such Proclamation or Order, shall " forfeit Fifty Pounds for every Alien so ' " landed, to be recovered before One or more " of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace; One " Moiety thereof to be to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor . " of the Parish where such Offence shall be ‘ " committed; and such Ship or Vessel from on " board of which any such Alien or Aliens " shall so land, and every other Vessel or Boat " used in landing any such Alien or Aliens, shall " and may be seized by any Officer or Officers " of the Customs or Excise, and the same shall " respectively be forfeited, together with all " Tackle, Apparel, Ammunition, and Furniture,

" thereunto respectively belonging."

One other of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question putthereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause (F.) the next Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second Time; Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto, by inserting after the Words " every Alien," the Words " whom His Majesty shall not so signify His " Pleasure to discharge," by leaving out the Word " refuse" and inserting the Words "have refused" instead thereof, and by inserting, after the Words " Great " Sessions," the Words " or Court of Justiciary in " Scotland

And the Question being put, That after the Words " every Alien," the Words "whom His Majesty shall " not so signify His Pleasure to discharge," be inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " refuse" stand Part of the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words "have " refused" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That after the Words " Great Sessions," the Words " or Court of Justiciary " in Scotland" be inserted.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

" And be it Enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

" That every Alien, whom His Majesty shall " not so signify His Pleasure to discharge, who ." shall have refused to exhibit his or her Passport, or who shall have been found not bond " Jideproceeding to the Town or Place therein

" expressed, or who shall have wilfully landed " in this Kingdom, contrary to any Proclamation or Order in Council herein mentioned, and who shall be lawfully convicted " thereof in His Majesty's Court of King's " Bench, or any Court of Oyer and Terminer,

" or Gaol Delivery, or Great Sessions, or Court of

4° — 7° Ja

85

" of Justiciary iu Scotland, shall be adjudged " to suffer Imprisonment for any Time not " exceeding One Month, and at the Expiration " of the said Term, to depart out of the Realm, " within a Time to be limited in such Judgment; and if such Alien shall be found " therein, after such Time in such Judgment " so limited, without lawful Cause, such Alien " shall, being duly convicted, be transported " for life."

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making the Inhabitants of any Parish competent Witnesses, notwithstanding the Penalty incurred is given to the Poor of such Parish.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill; and is as followeth; viz.

" Provided also, and be it further Enacted by " the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants " of any Parish, Township, or Place, shall be " deemed and taken to be competent Witnesses, " for the Purpose of proving the Commission " of any Offence against this Act, within the " Limits of such Parish, Township, or Place, " notwithstanding any Part of the Penalty incurred by such Offence is given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, Township, '* or Place."

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8.1. 7. After " Messengers" to insert " or to " such other Person or Persons to " whom he shall think proper to " direct such Warrant."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said ingrossed Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said ingrossed Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Aliens Bill Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

And then the House, having continued to sit till after Two of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lurice, 7* die Januarii;

Anno 33# Georgii III. U Regis, 1793.

Pray EEs.

Account of fROE RED, That there be laid before this House,

Consolidated " an Account of the Income of, and Charges upon, Fund or- the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended the 5th drred. Day of January 1793; together with the Surplus remaining for the Disposition of Parliament.

Petition re- A Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson specting the Rraddyll, Esquires, was delivered in at the Table, and Right of Tead; Setting forth, That, on the 3d Day of March,

Carlisle! of *n Year 1791; a Select Committee of this House,

Vol. 48.

passed.

appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of the said John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, and also of another Petition on the Part of, and subscribed by several other Persons, Freemen, and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, and having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City of Carlisle, reported to the House their final Determination on the Merits of those Petitions, and did, at the same Time, also report to the House, that it appeared to the said Select Committee, that the Merits of the said Petitions did, in Part, depend upon the Right of Election for the said City, and that thereupon the said Committee had required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements in Writing of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended: That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said John Christian and Wilson Brad-

dyll, and also for the said other Petitioners, the Freemen and Citizens of the said City of Carlisle, having a Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, delivered in a Statement as follows, — " The Counsel for the Petitioners " state the Right of Election to be in' the Freemen of " the City of Carlisle, duly admitted and sworn Freemen of the said City, and deriving their Title to such " Freedom by. being Sons of Freemen, or by Service " of Seven Years Apprenticeship to a Freeman, resident, during such Apprenticeship, within the said " City, or by Election of the Mayor and Common " Council of the said City, with the Consent and Approbation of certain Persons called the Fours, otherwise the Fours of the Election of each of the Eight " Guilds or Occupations within the said City, as Representatives of the whole Commonalty of the said " City: They also state, that no Person is entitled to " be admitted a Freeman of the said City, who has not " been previously admitted a Brother of One of the " Eight Guilds or Occupations of the said City that the Counsel for the Sitting Members, James Clarke Satterthwayte and Edward Knubley, Esquires, delivered in a Statement as follows: " The Counsel for the Sitting Members state the Right of Election to be in the Freemen of the City of Carlisle, who acquire " a Title to such Freedom by being Sons of Freemen, " or by serving an Apprenticeship during Seven Years " to a Freeman, or by Election of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Capital Citizens of the said City: " They also state, that it is not necessary, in order to " become a Freeman of the said City, to have been " previously admitted a Brother of One of the Eight " Guilds or Occupations within the said City:" That, upon. the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee determined, " That the Right of Election, as set forth " in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election " for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumber-"land'" that, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee determined, " That the Right of Election, " as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right " of Election for the said City of Carlislethat, the said Select Committee, having duly considered the said Statements, apd the Evidence adduced before them touching the Right of Election for the said City of Carlisle, determined, " That the Right of Election for " the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, is " in the Freemen of the said City, duly admitted and " sworn Freemen of the said City, having been previously admitted Brethren of One of the Eight " Guilds or Occupations of the said City, and deriving " their Title to such Freedom by being Sons of Freemen, or by Service of Seven Years Apprenticeship " to a Freeman, resident, during such Apprenticeship,

Z " within

‘5 within the said City, add in no othersand that, on or about the 27th Day of December *792, Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward

WasteU, John Richardson, Robert Yarker, Thomas Wyley, John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph Ralph

Elliot and Joseph Brownrigg, presented their Petition to the House, in order to pretent the said Judgment of the said Select Committee from becoming final and conclusive in all subsequent Elections of Members of Parliament for the said City, thereby stating the y were not satisfied with the said Resolutions, and were desirous of being admitted Parties to oppose such Right of Election, and to have the Benefit of the Statute in that Case made and provided, and praying the House Co take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such Relief therein as the House should think fit; end that the Petitioners insist, that the Right of Election, which hath been deemed valid in the Judgment of the said Select Committee, and in Favour of which the said Select Committee so reported as aforesaid, is the ancient and true Right of Election for the said City of Carlisle: And therefore praying. That they may be admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid, according to the Form of the said Statute, and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet, and as the Nature of their Case may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 14th Day of March next; at the same Time that the Petition oif Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward Wasiell, John Richardson, Robert Yarker, Thomas Wyley, John White, Richard Rowland, Joseph Yeoward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlisle, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time . appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the City of Carlisle, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

The House being informed, that Mr. Milford, from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended Whale Ships at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- [ro" Scot' seated to the House, pursuant to the Directions of se- ScotchUght. veral Acts of Parliament, houses Com-

An Account of what Number of Ships or Vessels frommissioned, Scotland have been employed iti the Whale Fishery to Presenled-Davis's Streights and The Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported, from the 10th of October 1791 to the 10th of October 1792: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Abstract of the Accounts of " the Commissioners for the Northern Light Houses,

" loth July 1792."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the 9aid Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Fisher, from the Account of Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; Consolidated and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Fund» Pre* Order, 8ented*

An Account of of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January 1793; together with the Surplus remaining for the Disposition of Parliament.

' And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

s

An

j

Vo l. 48.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended the 5th day of January 1793; together with the Surplus

remaining for the Disposition of Parliament.

C£

a

w

o

INCOME.

£.t. d.

Consolidated Duties of Excise - - - - >894>778 13 — i

D° Customs - 961,981 2 8

D° Stamps - 289,020 — —

D# - - Salt ..... 100,458 2 7f

D° - Letter Money - 89,000

Tax on Hackney Coaches and Chairs - - 9,700

D# Hawkers and Pedlars - - - 400

D° Houses and Windows, 1766 - 137*155 17 — x

D° Inhabited Houses, 1779 - 61,910 5 7$

D° Horses ----- - 5»>382 9 i

D° Male Servants 45»532 10 »

Arrears of Female Servants - 8,32a 9 10

Tax on Four Wheel Carriages - 67,433 3 3

D° Two Wheel D° 16,488 16

Arrears of the Tax on Waggons - 1,7*4 — 5

D° - - Carts - - 4,05a 6 7f

Tax of 1 s. per Lib. on Salaries, &c. A0 1758 12,834 1a — |

D° 6d. per Lib. on D® - A* 1721 13.290

Seizures of Uncustomed and Prohibited Goods 7.393 10 1

Sheriffs Proffers ----- - 25 7 9

Rent of Alum Mines - - - 48O

Compositions by the Bank of England, in lieu of

a Stamp Duty on Bills and Notes issued by them ----- --- 6,000

Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange, Receipts, &c.

pursuant to an Act 310 Geo. III. R* - - 32,150

Reserved on the 10th October 1792, for the Use of the Public, in respect of the Annuities for the

Nominees appointed by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, pursuant to

an Act 30° Geo. III. R* - 12,277 16 4f

CHARGE.

EXCHEQUER:

Annuities, \ the Excise for Two and Three Lives, for Three Months, due 5th January 1793.....t,

£3,700 per Week Excise, with the Salaries to the Officers of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for Three Months, due D°

1706 - with D*....

1707 - with D° ——

per 1st Act 1708, with 1)°

ad Act 1708, with D

Q m . 0

Months, due D° -

- - due D° - - . - . - - - . .

- - due D° - . «, . - - . - . .

due D° - - . - - - .

1746, for D°

1757, for D°

1778, for D°

1779, for D°

SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

Annuity and Management on £. 24,065,084. 13s. lif d. their present Capital, for One Quarter, due 5th January 1793 - % *

Annuity and Management on £. 1,919,600, for Half a Year, due the same Time, after abating the Sum of £. 106. 17 s. 6d. for the Half of £. 213.15^. after the Rate of £.562. 10*. per Million,-on the Principal Sum of £. 380,000, purchased by the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt, before 5th July 1792 -

BANK OF ENGLAND:

Anuuity and Management on £. 107,399,696. 5*. 1 \d. 31, per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, for Half a Year, due 5th January 1793, after abating the Sum of £. 706. 10s. for the Half of £. 1,413, after the Rate of £.450 per Million on the Principal Sum of £. 3,140,000, purchased by the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt, before 5th July 1792 - - - - r

Annuity and Management on £. 17,869,993. gt. 10d. after the rate of 5 per Cent per Ann. for Half a Year, due 5th January 1793 -D° on £. 1,000,000, after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent per Ann. for Half a Year, due D* - -

Annuities granted by the Acts of the 4th and 5th of King William and Queen Mary, and charged upon the gd. per Barrel Excise, commonly called £. 14 per Cents, which ceased upon the 5th February 1792, and is to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Three Mouths, due D° ——

Annuities, granted by the Acts of the 5th and 6th of the same Reign, for 96 Years (commonly called Tonnage) which ceased upon the 5th Day of February 1792, and is to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners aforesaid, for Three Months, due D° - .

Bank of England, on their Capital of £. 3,200,000, after the Rate of 31, per Cent, per Ann. for One Quarter, due 12th November 1792

- D° - - - on - - - - £. 4,000,000, purchased of the South Sea Company, for Three Months, due 5th January 1793 -

- D°.--- on--- - £. 500,000, at 3/. per Cent, per Ann. for - D° -

- D* - - - on - - . - £. 1,250,000, at - D* - - - - for - D° -

- D° - - - on - - - - £. 1,750,000, at - D° - - - - for - D°

- D° - - - on - - - - £. 986,800, at - D° - - - - for - D*

To the Chief Cashier of the Bank of England, to reimburse so much paid for Fees of various Natures paid at the Treasury, Exchequer, and other Offices, in relation to the Accounts of the several Bank Annuities, to 5th July 1791 ——

£. 8. d.

2,048 18 —

7,957 11 8

6,l8l 2 i°i

2,038 — i

1,329 13

2,649 6 3

6, *59 2 6

11,233 5 —

12,283 12 6

1,384 16 6

2,587 9 si

183,993 13 5*

29,227 - -1 3

1 >634>453 17 6 45o>77o 1* H 15,3*5 ——

12,128 15 7i

i,59i 8 —

25,000 ——

30,474 10 ioi

3,750 ——

9,375 — —

13,125 ——

7,401 ——

896 16 6

o

as

3.

00

►no

-C o a a

O

to

CD

P-

A

D

eg'

H-

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg.

FT

£. $ d.

Arrears of the 53d 4*. Aid, A° 1789 8,550 ——

D* 54 4*. Aid, A* 1790 3,004 15 11

Imprest Money repaid by James and £ s* d. John Meyrick, Esqrs. arising from the Sale of Commissions in several Regiments, vacated by the Promotion of Officers - - - 799 7 6

D° by Kender Mason, Esq. Executor of Kender Mason, Esq. on his Account, as Contractor in East Florida 1,000----

D° by Archibald Robertson, Deputy *

Quarter Master at New York - 18613 4

Money paid by Charles Long, Esq. for Interest upon £. 187,000, for Annuities granted by Act of Parliament, 29° Gij. tij. R* - -

4if554 15

1,986 — 10

4,026 16 11

g.

1

Total Income of the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended 5th January 1793 - £.

Exchequer, the 7th Day of January 1793.

EAST INDIA COMPANY:

On their Capital of £. 3,200,00a, at 3/. per Cent, per Ann. for Three Months, due 5th January 1793 -

- - D° - - £. 1,000,000, at - - D°, - - lent A0 1744 ' - -

To the Judges of England and Wales, on their several additional Allowances, for Three Months, due 5th January 1793*

To Charles Bembridge, Esq. late Secretary and Accountant in the Office for managing the former Duties on Wine Licences, for D*

To him more, as late Messenger to the above Office, for D* ....

To Ann Cass, late Office Keeper to the above Office, for D° ....

To the Officers in the Exchequer Bill Office, on their Salaries, for D* -For the Support of His Majesty's Household, for D° -

To His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, on his Annuity of £. 14,000 for D° -To Her Royal Highness Frederica Ulrique^ Catherine, Duchess of York and Albany, on her Annuity of

on his

To His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Clarence To His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Gloucester To - - - - D°

To the Representatives of Arthur Onslow, Esq. -To the Earl of Chatham ——

To Lord Rodney ——

To Lord Heathfield - -

To Lord Sondes, late one of the Auditors of the Imprest To Lord Bute, another - -

To Philip Deare, Esq. - - .

To John Wigglesworth, Esq. - -

To Charles Harris, Esq.

To Sir Williftm Musgrave, Bart, one of the Commissioners so To John Thomas Batt, Esq. another -To John Martin Leake, Esq. another -To Sir John Dick, Bart, another To William Molleson, Esq. another

To John Penn, Esq. of Stoke Pogis, in the County of Berks, one of the Heirs of the late William Penn, Esq. on D

To John Penn, Esq. of Dover Street, another -- onD°

To Lady Dorchester, Guy Carle ton, and Thomas Carleton, Esqrs.- - on their Annuity of

For Clerks Contingencies in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, for D# -To Robert Hepbume, Junior, Esq. Master-of His Majesty's Mint in Scotland - - .

To George Earl of Leicester, Master of His Majesty's Mint in England, for three Months, due 5th January 1793 To John Reeves, Esq. on Account of the Deficiency of the Fees, granted by an Act 3*2* Geo. tij. for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in such Parts of the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in or near the Metropolis, &c. to defray the Charges and Expenses attending the execution of the said Act To the Usher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries for the Quarter ended 5th July 1792 - 514 8 4

- D° - - - 10th October 1792 ----- -- 499 12 51

To the Right Honourable Henry Addington, Speaker of the House of Commons, the Sum of £. 1,099. to complete the Sum £. 1,500, for the Quarter ended 25th December 1792, on £.6,000 per Ann. the Sum of £.400. 111. having been received Net at the Exchequer, on the Allowance of £. 5 a Day, out of the Civil List; and also the further Sum of £. 80 to reimburse the like Sum paid for Two Years Taxes on Offices and Pensions, for the Perquisites of his Office, to Michaelmas 1792; making together the Sum of - -

£r

4,000,

for

for

D°

D*

- on - D° - £. 8,000, for D° - 2,000

- - " . on - D° - £. 9,000, for D° - 3,250

- - on - D° - £. 3,000, for D° - 750

- - on - D® - £ 4,000, for D° - 1,000 — —

- - on - D# - £. 2,oooot for D° - 500 — —

- on - D* - £. 1,500, for D# - 375

- - on D° - £. 7,000, for D* - L75o

- - on - D° - £. 7,000, for D° - i,750

- - on - D° - £. 300, for 1)° - 75

- - on - D° - £. 300, for D° - 75

- - on - D° - £. 200, for D° - 50

auditing the Public Accounts, on D° - £. 1,060, for D° - 350 — —

- m - - - on D° - £. 1,000, for D* - 350

- - . " - on D° - 0 c 0 H for D° - 350

- - - - on D° - £. 500, for D° - 125

- - - - - on D° - £. 500, for iy\- 125

3.000, for

1.000, for'

1.000, for

£. f.

24,000 — 7>5oo —

00

00

Total Chargs upon the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended 5th January 1793 -.....-

£. s. d.

To the Commissioners appointed by Parliament for reducing the National Debt - - - - 250,000 ——

To complete the Sum of £. 2,300,000, granted by Parliament out of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the Year 1792 389,059 11 ^5 Surplus remaining upon 5th January 1793, for the Disposition of Parliament.....- 435»6g6 1

Total Surplus of the Quarter ended 5th January 1793

3,362

33

5

5

162

224,500

3*500

1,000

10

10

10

750 — 25° — 250 — 1,500 — 1,200 — 3,45 —

3,291 11 4 1,014 " 10$

M79 9 —

2,764,593 3

1,074,755 13 — I

3,839,348 1® 6J

Jamct

7° Januarii. A. 1793

33 Geo. III.

7° Janudrii*

89

The Lords have agreed to

Bill to prohibit the Cirru-lation of Notes issued by France.

Bill to restrain the Exportation of NayalStores, &c.

Corn Indemnity Bill.

Amendments

to Debtors Bill.

West Tan-field Ioclo-store Petition.

Johnstone's Name Bill reported.

Ordered, That the said Account bg referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. tiolford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Circulation of Promissory or other Notes, Orders, Undertakings, or Obligations, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or for 'any other Consideration^ created and issued under, or in the Name of, any Public Authority in France', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to restrain the Exportation of Naval Stores, and more effectually to prevent the Exportation of Salt Pctre, Arms, and Ammunition, when prohibited by Proclamation or Order in Council; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of Council, respecting the Exportation of Wheat attd Wheat Flour, for preventing Suits in consequence of the same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto; and also, for- authorizing His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Potatoes, and to permit the Importation of Corn, Meal, or Flour, on the Low Duties, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what -are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates, for their Creditors Benefit.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Hereditaments, within the Parish of West in the North

Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish several Open Common Fields, called Townend Field, Castle Field, and Common Balk Field, and also a certain Moor or Common, called Thornborough Moor, containing, by Estimation, Five hundred Acres, 'or thereabouts; and that the Property in the said Open Common Fields is intermixed, and in many Cases inconveniently situated for the Owners, and it would be very advantageous to all Parties interested therein, if the same, and also the said Moor or Common (which is capable of great Improvement by Inclosure and Cultivation) wTere divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof, to the several Proprietors and Persons interested, according to their respective Rights and Properties therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, and Moor or Common, in such Manner, and subject' to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to, bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Duncombe, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the same.

General Rainsford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Richard Johnstone Bempdi, Esquire (lately called Richard John-

stone) and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the

Surname, and beat the Arms, of Vafiden Bempdi only; pursuant to the Will of John Vanden Bampdi, Esquire^ deceased, was committed; That the Committee had. examined the Allegations of the Bill, arid found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Le Mesttrier presented to the House; Engell's Nat. according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Henry t>resent* Engeli: And the same was received; and read the First e Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pur- Letter to the suant to their Order, Sheriffs De-

N® l. Copy of a circular Letter from Mr. Secretary {*and, respect-Dundas to the Sheriffs Depute of the several Counties ing the State in Scotland, dated Melville Castle, 2ist November 1792: of the late And also, =

N° 2. Report of the Sheriff of Berwickshire, respect- &*c in co^l ing Crops of Grain 1792: And also, quence.pre-

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Charles Hope, Esquire, #ente<1-Sheriff Depute of Orkney and Zetland, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Edinburgh, 2 2d November 1792:

And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Alexander Esquire, Sheriff Depute of Aberdeen, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Edinburgh, 22d November, 1792:

And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Alexander Elphinston;

Esquire, Sheriff Depute of Aberdeen, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Edinburgh, 12th December 1792-; inclosing

N° 6. Minutes of a Meeting of the Commissioners of Supply of the County of Aberdeen And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Letter from Simon Fraser, Esquire,-Sheriff Depute of Inverness. to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Inverness, 27th November 1792: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter from William Law, Esquire, Sheriff Depute of Haddington, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Elvingston, 30th November 1792:

And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from William Law, Esquire, Sheriff Depute of Haddington, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Elvingston, 14th December 1792:

And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from the Sheriff Depute of Ffe to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Edinburgh, 5th December 1792: And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Letter from John Pringle, Esquire, Sheriff Depute of Mid Lothian, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Edinburgh, 7th December 1792; inclosing,

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Balfour to the Sheriff Depute of Mild dated Pilrig,

28th November 1792: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Letter from Sir George Aber-cromby, Sheriff Depute of Elgin, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Elgin, 10th December 1792: And

also,

N° 14. Copy of a Letter frofn William -Es-

quire, Sheriff Depute of Ayr, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated 1 oth December 1792; inclosing,

N° 15. Copy of a Letter from John Hamilton,

Esquire, to William Craig, Esquire, dated 30th November 17922 And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Letter from Alexander Burnett,

Esqtiire, Sheriff Depute of Kincardine, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated 11th December 1792; inclosing,

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Barclay, dated Stonehaven, 8th December 179a: And also,

A a N° 18. Copy

Committee of Ways and Means.

m

7°-

-8° yanuarii.

A. 1793.

And

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from William Oliver, Es- to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply quire, Sheriff Depute of Roxburgh, to Mr. Secretary granted to His Majesty, be now read.

" ' ' 1 " ' And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hopkins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hopkins reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hopkins also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Dundas, dated Edinburgh, 12th December 1792 also,

N° 19. Copy of a Letter from Donald M'Leod, Esquire, Sheriff Depute of Ross and Cromarty, to Mr.

Secretary Dundas, dated 12th December 1792: And

also,

N° 20. Copy of a Letter from the Sheriff Depute of Lanarkshire to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Edinburgh, 15th December 1792: And also,

N* 21. Copy of a Letter from Robert Campbell,

Esquire, Sheriff Depute of Argyllshire, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Inveraray, 18 th December 1792; inclosing,

N® 22. Copy of Report With Regard to Grain and Fuel in Argyleshire, 1792: And also,

N° 23. Copy of the Memorial of the Farmers of the County of Wigton, in Galloway, to Mr. Secretary Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Instant January, re-

Dundas, dated Glenlttce, 20th December 1792: And also,

N® 24. Copy of a Letter from J. Es-

quire, Sheriff Depute of Banff, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Banff", 24th Dec 1792: And also, N® 25. Copy of a Letter from Simon Fraser, Es-

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply <ir-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fcm-u.

quire, Sheriff Depute of Inverness, to Mr. Secretary to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Instant January, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee

whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His ?? Marin*.„ ..... — -- 0 Mutiny Kill.

Dundas, dated 24th December 1792; inclosing,

N* 26. Copy of an Extract Minutes of the Commissioners of Supply, See. of the County of

Inverness: And also,

N® 27. Copy of a Letter from Major General Murray to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Great George Street,

26th December 1792; inclosing,

N® 28. Copy of Minutes of Proceedings at

Coupar: And also,

N® 29. Copy of a Letter from Andrew Plummer, Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Esquire, Sheriff Depute of Selkirk, to Mr. Secre- Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

tery Dundas, dated 27th December 1792: And also, Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

N® 30. Copy of a Letter from J.Wolf Murray, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Esquire, Sheriff Depute of Peebles, to Mr. Secretary Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That Dundas, doted Edinburgh, 28th December 1792: And they had gone through the Bill, and made several also, Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him

N® 31. Copy of a Letter from David Smyth, Es- to report, when the House will please to receive the quire. Sheriff Depute of Perth, to Mr. Secretary same.

' ..... Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

te

f»

ana

sdk

ii'oj

Dundas, dated Edinburgh, 29th December 1792: And also,

N®32. Copy of a Letter from Es-

quire, Sheriff Depute of the County of Renfrew, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated 29th December

1792: And also,

N* 33. Copy a Letter from Patrick Chalmers, Esquire, Sheriff Depute of Forfar, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated 29th December 1792; And also,

N®34. Copy of a Letter from J. Colquhoun, Esquire, Sheriff Depute of Dumbarton, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Edinburgh, 1st January 1793; inclosing,

N® 35. Copy of the Resolutions of a Meeting

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 8° die Januarii; Anno 330 Georgii IIP1 Regis, 1793. Prayers.

of the Freeholders, Commissioners of Supply, &c. DESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising House to of the County of Dumbarton, the 29th December of the House this Day, adjourn till Tomorrow a^Jon!l|| ' ‘ ' 1 Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Instant January. t,e 21 *

1792: And also,

N® 36. Copy of a Letter from William Baillie, Esquire, Sheriff Depute of Linlithgow, to Mr. Secretary Dundas, dated Edinburgh, 4th January 1793.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

the 2 1

stant.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Graves: toave *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for esta- ments blishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in 'this Aliens# Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases: And also,

®uimi vi The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lord*

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other House, That their Lordships will proceed further

Papers of this Session. the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday, 1

the 14th Day of February next, at Ten of the Clock Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House in the Morning, in Westminster Hall. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr.

West Tan-fceld Inclosure Bill ^rented.

Johnstone's Name Bill passed.

e ?r.

Accounts of l'roduce of Customs, Excise, Sec. to be printed.

33 Geo. IIL

8° Janua

91

Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a certain Moor or Corhmon, called Thornborough Moor, within the Parish of JVcst Tanfield, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Richard Johnstone Van-den Bempdi, Esquire (lately called Richard

Johnstone) and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Vanden only,

pursuant to the Will of John Vanden Esquire,

deceased, was read the Third Time:

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Richard Johnstone Vanden Bempde, Esquire (lately called Richard Johnstone) and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms of Vanden Bempdb only, pursuant to the Will of John Vanden BempdS, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That General Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Five first of the Accounts which were presented to the House, upon the 31st Day of December last, by Mr. Rose, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

efc

u'r

fc

Fund to be printed

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. t

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message frdm the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lords Mr. Graves: have passed.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Han»eu*Nat; naturalizing Peter Peterson Hansen and Otto Hansen; *to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First Time. Hansen'sNat.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. rettd‘

Account of Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac-Consoiidated count of the Income of, and Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ended the 5th Day of January, 1793, together with the Surplus remaining for the Disposition of Parliament, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Hopkins, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same yVas read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Four hundred Thirty-five thousand Six hundred Ninety-six Pounds One Shilling and Seven Pence Farthing, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1793, of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Report Ways and Means.

Surplus of Consolidated Fund on 5th January

Warwick and Birmingham Canal & Petition.

J

Q

e

tit Ho®

0 j:.-

w f

tfiU

«e£-

T.

Tit:

I)

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Towns of Warwick and Birmingham, and of the County of Warwick and its Vicinity, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by Levels and Surveys already taken, it appears that a Canal for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels of heavy Burthen, may be made from the Town of Warwick to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and that the making of the said Canal will be a Means of increasing the Trade and Commerce of the said County of Warwick, as well as of the said Towns of and

Birmingham, and will likewise be of Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Warwick to Birmingham aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Arden, Mr. Taylor, &c.: And they are to meet upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Instant January, at Nine of the Clock in the Morning, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

je Marine Mu* tiny Bill , reported.

lis *

id

is r>

Ki

f infi>

Mr. 'Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Vo L, 48.

\r.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Royal Assent. Usher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord President of the Council, and

several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Kenyon, the Earl Graham, and the Lord Grenville, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; vis.

An Act for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein, in certain Cases:

An Act to prohibit the Circulation of Promissory or other Notes, Orders, Undertakings, or Obligations, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or for any other Consideration, created and issued under, or in the Name of, any Public Authority in France:

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have beeri concerned in advising, or carrying into Execution, an Order of Council, respecting the Exportation of Wheat and Wheat Flour, for preventing Suits in consequence

Of

92 8° — 23" JanMriL A. 1793*

of the Same, and for making further Provisions relative thereto; and also, for authorizing His Majesty to pro* hibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Potatoes, and to permit the importation of Corn, Meal, or Flour, on the Low Duties:

An Act to enable His Majesty to restrain the Exportation of Naval Stores, and more effectually to prevent the Exportation of Salt Petre, Arms, and Ammunition, when prohibited by Proclamation, or Order in Council:

An Act for the further Relief of Debtors with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, and to oblige Debtors, who shall continue in Execution in Prison beyond a certain Time, and for Sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act, to make Discovery of, and deliver upon Oath, their Estates, for their Creditors Benefit.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Fortnight, the 23d Day of this Instant Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Mercurii, 23* die Januarii; Anno 33* Georgii III** Regis, 1793. Prayers.

in the Hands of improper and necessitous Persons, who make an exorbitant Gain thereby, to the great Detriment of Individuals and the Public in general, which would be in a great Measure (if not wholly), prevented, if a known Office, long established, was empowered so to do, and that the Powers granted in and by the said Letters Patent should be extended and enlarged to the granting, selling, or purchasing Annuities upon Lives: and that, for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, the Petitioners apprehend it will be necessary they and their Successors should be empowered to take and use some other Name or Names of Incorporation for the Purposes aforesaid, with Power to make, alter, and renew, a Seal or Seals, for such Purpose, and that the falsely making, forging, counterfeiting, or altering such Seal or Seals, should be attended with some Penalty or other Punishment: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to extend and enlarge the Powers granted in and by the said Letters Patent in the Particulars above-mentioned, and also for the other Purposes above-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr.

8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Eflgelhwora. ffENRY ENG ELL took the Oaths appointed A Bill for naturalizing Henry Engell, was read a EneeiftNat in order to his Naturalization. Second Time. Biifcom-

Resotved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Royal A Petition of the Governor, Sub-Governor, De- Hobart, Mr. Yorke, &c.: And they are to meet this

Exchange puty Governor, and Directors, of The Royal Exchange Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker

Company'* Assurance, was presented to the House, and read; Chamber.

Petition/ Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Sixth

Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, A Petition of several of the Persons having Right of Petition to . " An Act for better securing certain Powers and Privi- Common upon the Commonable and Waste Grounds 8mend Act " leges intended to be granted by his Majesty by Two in Chatteris, in the Isle Ely, and County of CamCharters for Assurance of Ships and Merchandizes at bridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting wmt *

Sea, and for lending Money on Bottomry, and for forth. That an Act was made in the Twenty-third Grounds in " restraining several extravagant and unreasonable Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better Ciwttwi*.

" Practices therein named/' his said Majesty did, by ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using,

Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, cultivating, and enjoying the said Commonable and bearing Date at Westminster, the 22d Day of June 1720, Waste Grounds, and for obliging the ! Occupiers of incorporate divers Persons to be a Corporation in Deed certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the same; i

and in Name, and to have perpetual Succession, and a and that the Petitioners conceive it would tend to the /

Common Seal, by the Name of The Royal Exchange better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, /

Assurance for insuring Ships and Goods at Sea, or using, cultivating, and enjoying, the said Common- I

going to Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, able and Waste Grounds, if the Provisions of the said I

with Power to raise a Capital of 1,50 0,0001.and to Act were, in some Respects, varied and altered, and I

make Bye Laws and Regulations for the good Govern- some further Powers granted for those Purposes, which I

ment thereof, so that such Bye Laws were not repug- would be of considerable Benefit to the Petitioners, and I

nant to the Laws of the Land, which Charter is sub- the other Persons having Right of Common upon I

ject to Redemption and Power of Revocation, as in the said Grounds: And therefore praying, That Leave I

the said Act and Charter are mentioned; and that his may be given to bring in a Bill for altering and I

said Majesty did, by other Letters Patent, bearing amending the said Act, and for better ordering and I

Date at Westminster the 29th Day of April 1721, regulating the Manner of feeding, using, cultivating, I

incorporate the several Persons in the said other and enjoying, the said Commonable and Waste I

Charter, and therein named, to be a Corporation in Deed Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think I

and in Name, for the Assurance of any Life or Lives, proper. I

and against Casualties and Accidents by Fire, and to Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, I

have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, by the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that I

Name of The Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses and Mr. Charles Yorke and General Adeane do prepare, and /

Goods from Fire, with Power to raise a Capital of bring in, the same. I

500,000 /. and to make Bye Laws for the Government . I

of the said Corporation, so that the same are not repug- A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to nant to the Laws and Customs of the Land, which said put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth sta Charter was subject to Revocation as therein is men- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, I

tioned; and that the Petitioners submit to the House, " An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in I

that it will be of Public Utility if the said Corporations " Repair the Road from the Guide Post at the West / /

are empowered to grant, sell, or purchase Annuities " Eud of the Town of Hampton, over I

upon Lives, or by or with Survivorship, which no " to the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex," I

other Corporation now is enabled to do, and the was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, I

granting and purchasing such Annuities are frequently That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution I

of the said Act, and have boirrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which now remain unpaid; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Road sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term and Powers of the said Act, or grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House $

And it is referred to Sir John Morshead, Mr. Baker, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Pow'er to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, &c. Roads"'* an^ Inhabitants, of the several Counties of,

Petition. Cumberland, and Northumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading out of the Turnpike Road between Gateshead and Hexham, at or near Lohley Hill, in the Parish of Wickham, in the County of Durham, to Aldstone, in the County of Cumberland, through the several Parishes of Wickham, Lamesley, Tanfield, Lanchester, Wolsingham, and Stanhope, in the County of Durham, and Aldstone, in the County of Z Cumberland, and a Branch of the same Road leading from a Place called Bryan's Leaf), in the said County of Durham, to the Turnpike Road near a

Place called Blackhedley, in the County of Northumberland, through the Parishes of Tanfield and Lanchester aforesaid, and of Shotley, in the said County of Northumberland, and another Branch of the same Road leading from the Town of Wolsingham aforesaid to the iv Head of Crosgate, near the City of Durham, through the

Several Parishes of Wolsingham, Saint Andreev Auckland, Branccpcth, and Saint Oszvald, in the said County of Durham, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in several Places, much overflowed, and interrupted by Floods and Torrents, and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired, altered, raised, widened, preserved, and rendered safe and commodious to Passengers, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, but if the said Road and Branches were properly altered, raised, widened, amended, and repaired, and necessary and convenient Bridges, Mounts, and Batteries, erected upon the same, it would be of great Utility to the Public, and facilitate and improve the . Communication between many Towns and Places in the said Counties of Durham, Cumberland, and Northumberland: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for altering, raising, widening, and preserving the said Road and Branches, and for erecting, building, and making necessary and convenient Bridges, Mounts, and Batteries, upon the same, and that the same may be passed into a Law, with such Provisions as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Henry Hobart,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, J ' at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and

(» - have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Plymouth A Petition of Thomas Bryer, in Behalf of himself Hock, &c. and others* was presented to the House, and read; Set-Water Petij ting forth, That His Majesty's Dock Yard at ,on- mouth, and the Inhabitants of the Towns of Plymouth

Dock, Stoke Damarel, and Stonehouse, have ever since Von. 48.

the building thereof laboured under very great Inconvenience and Expence, as well as Danger, from the Accident of Fire, by reason of the Want of a sufficient Supply of fresh Water; and that the Petitioners are desirous of conveying a Stream of pure and wholesome Water, for the Supply of His Majesty's Dock Yard, Ordnance, 8$c. and the Inhabitants of the Towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke Damarel, and Stone-house: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable them to accomplish the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Call, Mr. 8cc.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Petition M Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, was ^av?ttr wf presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Oak Canal Bill is depending for making a Navigable Canal from Bill, the Dudley Canal Navigation, at or near to

the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, at or near Selly Oak, with Collateral Cuts, to communicate therewith:

And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Debtors in the Common Gaol Winchester at Winchester, in the County of Southampton, was pre- DebtorsPeti-sented to the House, and read; Complaining of their tion' Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and uttoxeter, others, of the County of Stafford, w'as presented to the Stoke, Ac; House, and read; Setting forth, That the amending, Howto widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading *>etiuon‘ from the Town of Uttoxeter, to the Westwardly Part of Hardwick Heath, in the Parish of Sandon, and the

setting out and making a new Road from thence to the Wolseley Bridge Turnpike Road, in the Village of

Stoke, in the Parish of Stone, and the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Village of Mil'll'ich, to the Wolseley Bridge Turnpike Road, on the North Side of the Dog Inn, in Sandon aforesaid, all in the County of Stafford, would be of considerable Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and all other Persons residing, or having Estates, in that Part of the Country, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pierrepont, Mr. Sheridan,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records*

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition in thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Towns of Application Plymouth Dock, Stoke Damarel, Stonehouse, and the for applying Parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, on Behalf of Plymouth themselves, and the several other Inhabitants thereof ^j^vlner respectively, was presented to the House, and read; Wltl a er< Setting forth, That the Petitioners and the other In-

B b habitants

94

29P Jami am.

J.1793.

LaUtanls of Plymouth Dock, Stoke Damarel, Storehouse, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-and Parts adjacent, labour under the greatest Incon- amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as k veniencies for want of a regular Supply of fresh' and shall appear to them, to the House: wholesome Water; and that Thomas Brycr and others And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. John are willing to furnish the Petitioners with an ample Smyt, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-and constant Supply of pure and wholesome Water, ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; which is a Comfort to which the Petitioners, and the and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and other Inhabitants of the said Towns and Parts adjacent, Records.

'are almost Strangers: And therefore praying, That

they may he supplied with W ater by the said Thomas % An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hansen'sN'tt, brycr and others, and that, for that Purpose, Leave for naturalizing Peter Peterson , and Otto -

may he given to bring in a Bill to enable the said rick , was read a Second Time.

Thomas Bryerand others to convey a Stream of pure , That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry

and wholesome Water to the said Towns of Plymouth , Sir John c.: And they are to meet this

Dock, Stoke Damartl, Stonehouse, and the Parts adja- Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's cent, for those Purposes, in such Manner as to the Chamber.

House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Gl&mor^&n-tjh'ire «m4 AWdare C»n&\ Petition.

A Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Foundling Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of ex- Hospital posed and deserted young Children, was presented to ptrf?u A Petition of several "Noblemen, Gentlemen, and the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti-Freeholders, of the County of Glamorgan, was pre- tioners are possessed of certain Pieces of Ground within seated to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, the Parishes of

by a Survey lately taken, it appears that a Canal for and Saint Georges , in the County of -

the "Navigation of Boats and other "Vessels may be sex, situate near the said Hospital, containing Fifty-six made from the Glamorganshire Canal, along the Valley Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners have of Aberdare, to or near Aberdare Village, in the County entered into Agreements with divers Persons for iay-of Glamorgan, and proper Railways or Stone Roads ing out and building several Streets and other Public for the Passage of Waggons and other Carriages from Passages and Places upon the said Ground, and several such Canal to or near Abemant, in the Parish of Houses have been already erected thereon, and the Petitioners propose to let the Remainder of the said Ground for the like Purpose, or the greatest Part thereof; and representing to the House, that, if proper Provision was made for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and watering, the several Streets and other Public Passages and Places which have been, and may be, set out and made upon the said Ground, and for preventing Nuisances, Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, the same would

C adoxton Juxta Neatk, in the said County of gan; and that the making and maintaining such Navigable Canal, together with such Navigable Cuts as may be found necessary to communicate therewith, and also proper Rail or Waggon Ways, or Stone Roads, to such Canal and Cuts, will open Communications with several extensive Iron Works and Collieries, and will, in other Respects, be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring

in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to all in such Manner as the House shall think proper. Persons residing the rein, and resorting thereto, and.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the by inducing other Persons to take Building Leases, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- would greatly improve the Value of the said Charity mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Estate: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

Wakefield and Halifax Road Petition.

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Berkeley, Mr. Baker, &c.; And they are to meet To-mourow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for Care and Management of the Turnpike Road from the North End of JFakefield Bridge, over the River Colder, through the Town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury Hightoxcn and Lighicliffe, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by certain Acts, of the Fourteenth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, the said Road is directed to be amended and kept in Repair, and divers Tolls, Powers, and Authorities are granted for those Purposes; and that the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, or the said Road effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, and the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected upon the said Road increased, and some further and other Powers given: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Road, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

given to bring in a Bill for paving* cleansing, lighting, watching, and watering, the several Streets, and other Public Passages and Places which have been, and may be, set out and made over or upon the said Ground, and for preventing Nuisances, Encroachments, Obstructions* and Annoyances therein, in sudi Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts re-] Account of the Total of Debts owing by the East luting to the India Company at their several Settlements in India, Ea5t specifying the Amount bearing Interest, on the 30th of April 1786, on the 30th of April i 790, and according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement of the Value of Assets in Cash, Bills, Goods, and Stores, and Debts owing to the Company, at the several Settlements in India, on the 30th of April 1786, on the 30th of April 1790, and according to the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Debts stated as owing to the East India Company, at the several Settlements in

03 India,

33 Geo. III. 23*}

India, on the 30th of April J 786, which have since been struck off the Company's Books as irrecoverable.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Debts transferred in each Year from India, according to the Orders of the 1,5 th of September 1785 and tli6 31st of July 1787, to the Date of the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement of the Annual Amount of the Revenues, Duties, Customs, and Subsidies received for the Use of the East India Company, and of the Charges incurred in the Civil and Military Departments at the several Settlements in India, in each Year, from the 30th of April 1787 to the 30th of April 1790.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount received at the several Settlements in India, from the Sale of Goods, Stores, and Bullion, exported by the East India Company, and for Bills on the Court of Directors, in each Year, from the 30th of April 1786 to the Date of the latest ' Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Prime Cost of all Goods purchased at the several Settlements in India, and Shipped for Europe, together with the Commercial Charges not included in the Invoice, the Amount of Supplies sent from those Settlements to the Factory at Canton, in each Year, from the 30th of April 1780 to the Date of the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Prime Cost of all Goods purchased for the East India Company in China, and shipped for Europe, in each Year, from February 1786 to the Date of the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount received at Canton for Goods, Stores, and Bullion, exported thither by the East India Company, for Bills on the Court of Directors, and for the Supplies from India, in each Year, from February . 1786 to the Date of the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Payments of the East India Company in England, in each Year, from the 1st ofh March 1787, and an Estimate of the Receipts and Payments frt>in the 1st of March 1793 to the l&t of March 1794.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Stock, per Computation, of the East India Company, in each Year, from the 31st of January 1787 to the 1st of March 1793.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement of the Debts of the East India Company (exclusive of the Debts transferred from agreeable to the Orders of the 15th of September 1785, ana to the 31st of July 1787) and a Statement of the Effects of the Company in England, and a-float Outward, together with the Balance of Quick Stock at Canton, in each Year, from the 31st of January 1787 to the 1st of March 1793.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Cost of all Goods, Stores, and Bullion, exported to India and China by the East India Company, in each Season, from 1776 to 1792.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Bills and Certificates drawn on the Court of Directors of the East India Company from the several Settlements in Iand from China, in each Year, from 1786 to the Date of the latest Advices.

Ordered, That there be laid, before this House, a Statement of the Interest incurred on the Debt transferred from India, according to the Orders of the 15th of September 1785 and 31st July 1787, and the Amount of the Principal discharged to the 1st of March 1793.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Vo 1. 48.

aniiarii. 95

Statement of the Prime Cost and Sale Amount of Goods sold by the East India Company, in each Year, > from the ist of March 1787 to the 1st of March 1793, stating the Charges of Freight, of Customs, and of Merchandize, paid or payable on the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Account of the Sums advanced by the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, on Account of the Troops raised for, and serving in, the East Indies, during the last Four Years, to the 24th of December

1792.

Resolved, Thet this House will, at the Rising of House to the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning adjourn to next. Monday.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Risetyln- thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands cloaur* and Grounds, and otherwise interested in the Common peUt,00‘ and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of in

the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Fields and Meadows, lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of all Persons interested in the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. St.John and the Earl of Upper Ossory do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Wakefield of, and Persons interested in, the Open Fields, Com- Inclosure mons, and Waste Lands, within the Townships of *>Bt't'on' Wakefield, Stanley, Wrenthorpe, Alvcrlhorpc, and Thornes, in the Parish of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, the same might be considerably improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields,

Commons, and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Smyth and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Gilbert Crompton, and others, whose poss Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Owners and gation,&c. Occupiers of Land adjoining to the River Foss, in the Petition. City of York, or North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the present Course of the River leading from the City of York to a certain Mill called Stilling-ton Mill, in the Parish of Stillington, in the North Riding of the County of York, is very crooked, and in many Places so filled up and choaked with Weeds and, Mud, that a free Passage for the Water cannot be had, and, by reason of the frequent Overflowings thereof, many Acres of very valuable Land, adjoining to the Bed of the said River, are greatly injured, and considerable Damage thereby occasioned to the

Petitioners,

23° yanuarii.

A. 1793.

ment, and produce many solid Advantages to the City of York, and the Neighbouring Towns and Villages, through or near which, such intended Navigation would pass, by rendering more easy the Conveyance of Coals, Lime, Corn, Manure, Timber, Bricks, Tiles, Gravel, and all Sorts of Merchandize;

West Tan-field Inclo-Mire Bill committed.

Petitioners, and other Proprietors and Occupiers of The House was moved, That the several Orders Daysap* such adjacent Land, who would derive great Benefit appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the Pointedfor from a complete and effectual Drainage of their said several Petitions complaining of undue Elections and Election"18 Land; and that the Stagnation of Water and Filth Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the 13o- Petition! si arising from the said River in and near the City of rough of Warwick, in the county of ; for the wred-

York produces also, in the Judgment of the Petitioners, Borough of in the County of Southampton;

a serious Nuisance to the Inhabitants of the said City, for the Borough of Ctijton Dartmouth Hardness, in the and its Suburbs, especially in the Summer Season, County of Devonfor the Borough of Shaston, other-which Nuisance would be entirely removed by the wise , in the County of Dorsetfor the Bo-

proposed Drainage, and a considerable Quantity of rough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincolnfor Land regained close to the Walls of the said City, the Borough of in the County of Wilts',

which might be turned to many beneficial Purposes; for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole; and that the Petitioners, considering the State of the for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York',

Levels already taken in the Country along the Line for the Borough of Ludgcrshall, in the county of ; of the said River Foss, have good Reason to think, and for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of that not only an effectual Drainage of the Low Suffolk: And also, the several Orders appointing the Grounds adjoining to the Bed of the said River may Days for taking into Consideration the several Petitions be obtained, but also, that the said River may, at a respecting the Rights of Election for the Borough of moderate Expence, be made Navigable from York Pontefract, in the County of York', for the Borough to Stillington Mill, comprizing a Distance of Sixteen of Lin the County of Wilts', for the Borough

Miles, or thereabouts, which would be a real Improve- of Newark, in the County of Nottingham; for the City

and Liberty of Westminster; and, for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, might be read.

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly, the same were, on the Question being severally put thereupon, ordered to be discharged.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, and that many of the Common Highways and Roads whose Names are thereunto subscribed, all legal Voters near the Course of the said River are unavoidably bad of the Borough of in the County of

and founderous in the Winter, for want of proper Ma- on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the terials, within a reasonable Distance, to repair the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and same, which Public Inconvenience will, in a great Return for the said Borough, be taken into Considera-Measure, be remedied by the proposed Navigation, tion upon Tuesday, the 5th Day of Febmary next, at as Gravel and other necessary Materials for the Repair Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Joseph Foster Barham, and George Porter, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being making the proposed Navigation and Drainage: And lawful Electors of the Borough of Stockbridge, in the therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring County of Southampton, severally complaining of an in a Bill, for making Navigable the River Foss, from undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be its Junction with the River Ouse, at or near the City taken into Consideration upon Ihursday, the 7th Day of of York, to a certain Mill called Stillington Mill, in the February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Parish of Stillington, near the Turnpike Road leading Ordered, That the Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, from York to Heltnsley Blackmoor, in the North Riding who claims to be an Elector of Representatives to serve of the County of York, and also for draining and im- in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the proving certain Low Lands and Grounds lying on each County of York', and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Nantes are thereunto subscribed, who claim to be Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of John Smyth and William examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Solheron, Esquires, respecting the Right of Election for

shall appear to them, to the House: the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon

And it is referred to Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Wilber- Tuesday, the 12th Day of February next, at Throe of force, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning the Clock in the Afternoon.

..... ' Ordered, That the Petition of John Seale, Esquire,

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday,

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com- the 14th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock

mon Fields, and a certain Moor or Common called in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Right honourable Lord Viscount Midleion, the Honourable William Broderick, and Townshend, Esquire, Electors of

Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of

of such Roads may, by Means thereof, be procured at a much easier Expence to the Inhabitants of the neighbouring Parishes; and that an adequate Sum of Money has been already subscribed for the Purpose of

Side of the said River, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Thomborough Moor, within the Parish of West Tanfeld, in the North Riding of the County of Yorlc, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John

Smyth, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts; and also, the

Day appointed for a4 Reading of Uraunston and Brentford Canal BiM*.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation

Petition of Thomas Everett, Esquire, and Thomas Butt, Gentleman, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of JFilts, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday the igth at Braunslon, in the County of Northampton, to join Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Afternoon.

Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, bd read a Second Time upon Friday Fortnight, the 8th Day of February next.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Bryant, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Haas Mortimer, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shaston,

otherwise

sa

rders fp

I the te

80d !* iio- £ ' the »► 'ton;

I 'the iher-

for

'Its;

ole;

vk;

Hi;

of the

Dl)S

of

igh

Or

te

id

I-

It

33 Geo. III.

23° — 28°t

97

otherwise Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 21st Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable liam Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Christopher Clayton, the Reverend William Smelle, and William Bell, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves anti many other Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 26th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants possessing Houses within the Borough of in the County of Wilts, who by immemorial Custom and l/sage have a Right to vote at all Elections for Members to serve iu Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 28th Day of February next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon,

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable Basil William Douglas, commonly called Lord Daer, one of the Candidates at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, complaining of an undue Election and Rer turn for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 5th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of John Esquire,

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 7 th Day of March nekt, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Nathaniel Newnham, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wills, he taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 12th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Smith, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of be taken

into Consideration upon Thursday, the 14th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Nottingham, respecting ,the Right of Election for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 19th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster, respecting the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty, be tuken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 21st Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Mor

James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward I Fast ell, John Richardson, Robert Yarker, Thomas Wyley, John White,

Richard Rowland , Joseph Yeozvard, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph Brozvnrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlisle; and

also, the Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires, respecting the Right of Election for the said City, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 26th Day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the several Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly; Vol. 48.

and, in such of the Cases as respected Rights of Election, the usual Notices were again inserted in The London Gazette, and sent to the Returning Officers.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means de-House, to consider further of Ways and Means for fared, raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, that this House will, upon Monday Morn- gu j ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferre/ House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 28° die J

Anno 33* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1793.

eits. x

A PETITION of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Leicester Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and and Market others whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Be- canal°Petf-half of themselves and others, was presented to the tion.

House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Surveys lately made, it appears that a Canal or Navigable Communication, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, with heavy Burthens, may be made from the Town of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to or near to the Town of Market H in the said County, to commence at the Termination of the Leicester Navigation, now making, and to communicate therewith at or near the West Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in or near the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, and to proceed or be continued from thence by Means of widening, deepening, and cleansing the River Soar, and making necessary Cuts and Deviations by the Sides thereof, through or near the several Parishes, Townships, Places, or Liberties of Saint Mary aforesaid, W? stcotes, Braunstone, and Ayle-

stone, all in the County of Leicester, from which said River Soar, in the Parish of Aylestone aforesaid, the said Navigable Communication may be continued by making a Navigable Cut or Canal through or near the several Parishes, Townships, Places or Liberties of Aylestone, Little Glenn, Wigston Magna, Newton

court, Great Glenn, Burton Overy, Kibzeorth Harcourt, Kibworth Beauchamp, Flcckney,

Smeeton Westerby, Gumley, Foxton, Lubenham, and Great Bowden„ all in the said County of Leicester, to or near to the Town of Market Harbwough aforesaid; and "

that, by Surveys also lately made, and Levels taken, it further appears that a further Navigable Communication for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, with heavy Burthens, may be made to branch out from the said intended Cut or Canal in or near the Parish of Lubenham aforesaid* and may be made or continued through or near the several Parishes, Townships, Places, or Liberties of Lubenham aforesaid, and of 77leddingworth, both in the said County of Leicester, and through or near the several Parishes, Townships,

Places, or Liberties of Howthorpe, Marston Trussed,

Thorpe Lubenham, Clipstone, East Farndon,

Parva, Oxendon Magna, Kelmarsh, Arthingworth, Harrington, Maidwtll, Draughton, Lamport, Hanging Houghton, Cottcsbrooke, Creaton Magna, Crealon Parva,

Spratton, Brixzcorth, Pisford, Chapel Brampton, Church

Brampton, Harleston, Dallington, and Kingsthorpe, all in the County of Northampton, and through or near the several Parishes, Townships, Places, or Liberties of Saint Sepulchre, Saint Peter, and All Saints, all in the Town

C c of

Grantham Canal Petition.

Petition in favour of Ne-thertou and Selly Oak Canal Bill.

98

28° Januarii.

A. 1793.

of Northampton, and through or near the Hamlet or Township ot Saint James, in the Parishes of Dallington

aforesaid, and of Duston, or one of them, in the said County of Northampton, and through or near the several Parishes, Townships, Places, or Liberties of Duston aforesaid, and of Hardingstone, all in the said County of Northampton, there to join a Branch or Part of the intended Canal from Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to or near the City of London, to be called The Grand Junction Canal, as the same Navigable Communications are delineated in the Plan annexed to the Petition; and that the making of the above-mentioned Navigable Communications will extend the Intercourse and Advantages of Trade and Commerce, be productive of many local Benefits to several Towns and Places situate near the Line of the said Navigable Communications, and will be in other Respects of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Parkyns, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the Alderman, Comburgesses, and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Surveys and Levels lately taken, it appears that a Navigable Cut or Canal, for the Passage of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be made from, or nearly from, the Town of Grantham aforesaid, to communicate with the River Trent, near Nottingham Bridge, in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and that a Collateral Branch may also be made to communicate with the said Cut oi* Canal from or near Cropw Butler, to the Town of Bingham, both in the County of Nottingham; and that the making of such Cut or Canal, and Collateral Branch, will be attended with great local Benefit riot only to the said Towns of Grantham and Bingham, but the respective Neighbourhoods thereof, as well as general Advantage to several Parts of the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, Leicester, and Derby, by rendering the Carriage of Coals, Wool, Corn, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to and from the same respectively, much more expeditious, and less expensive, than it is at present: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Cut or Canal, and Collateral Branch, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Penn Asshcton Curzon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal Inhabitants of the City of Glouwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti-

Ol

tioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House, for making a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal Navigation, at or near Netherton, to the JVoi'cester and Birmingham Canal, at or near Selley Oak, with Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith: And praying, That the said Bill may pass.into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Commissioners ap- "

pointed by, or by virtue of, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting Piers in, and " for repairing and keeping in Repair, the Harbour " of Littkhampton, called Arundel Port, in the County " of Sussex, " was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by the said Act, Powers were given to the Commissioners therein named, and their. Successors, to improve and preserve the said Harbour of Liltlehampton, to make a new Cut or Channel through the Sea Beach there, and to erect and make such Pier or Piers, and Lock or Locks, and do such other Works, as should be thought necessary and convenient for the Purposes aforesaid; and that, in consequence of the said Act, a large Sum of Money w-as subscribed and borrowed for the Purposes therein mentioned, and Piers and Locks were erected, and a new Cut or Channel was made in pursuance of the Directions therein contained, and the Monies subscribed for, and borrowed under and by virtue of, the said Act, together with Interest for the same, and all Claims whatever on the said Commissioners in respect of the said Harbour, Piers, and Works, have been paid and satisfied, and one Moiety or Half Part of all the Duties respectively granted by the said Act hath, in pursuance thereof, long since ceased and determined; and that the said Act hath been found by Experience to be insufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and, in many essential Parts thereof, to stand much in need of Explanation and Amendment; and it would also be a very great Improvement to the said Port and Harbour, and the Trade thereof, as well as of great Public Advantage and Convenience, if a good Haling or Towing Track could be made from the Entrance of the said Harbour of Liltlehampton to Arundel aforesaid, for the more safe, easy, and expeditious conveying of Vessels up and down the River And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and explaining the said Act, and for vesting further Powers in the Commissioners appointed by, or acting under or by virtue of the same, for improving the Navigation of the River Arun, from the Harbour of Liltlehampton to Arundel aforesaid, and that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as-it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Howard, Mr Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Merchants, Traders, Shopkeepers, Farmers, Owners, and Captains of Ships and Vessels, and others, interested, residing in and near, and trading to and from, and within, the Town and Port of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill as desired by the last preceding Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition

fiction i (liK

jiJWII,11

HjC*

*'[ ;i

Petition in Favour of Littlehamp-tou Harbour.

inding tie

to tie Oak, And

1 He

s are l>

Orv

- P'pr MXti '

tie

and

)our

inty

ad;

ere

ieir.

our

nel

ike

ici

in-

in-

as

'in

a

d

d

33 Geo.

Q&° Januarii.

99

Petition to extend the Manchester* Bolton, and Bujy Canal*

Barton upon Humber Inclosure Petition.

I#5

volt'

Itl'fe*

life-

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Millholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and

others, interested in the Prosperity of Agriculture and Commerce, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and of the Company of Proprietors of the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, whose Seal is thereunto affixed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are well satisfied that the extending, cutting, and making the Manchester, Bolton, and Buiy Canal Navigable, from Bury aforesaid, by Rochdale and Littleborough, in the County of Lancaster,

Grounds, in their present State are incapable of much Improvement; and that, if the said Open Fields, Ings. Marshes, and Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors according to their respective Interests, and a Satisfaction made for the Tythes of the said Lordship at large, great Benefit and Advantage would accrue to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under

to, or near to, Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall and also from Bolton aforesaid, to, or near to, a certain seem meet.

Place in the said County of Lancaster, called Red Moss, would be of great Public Advantage, promote Agriculture and Commerce, and be of infinite Use in facilitating as well the Conveyance of Merchandize brought from, and carried into, distant Parts, and manufactured, used, and consumed in the aforesaid Towns, and the adjacent Country, as of the Produce thereof, and the Neighbourhood; and that the Petitioners have caused to be made, and will produce,

Surveys, Plans, and Levels of the Lands lying within the several Townships and Parishes through which tie said Canal Extensions may be best made and carried, to effectuate the Purposes aforesaid, and have procured an Estimate of the true Value of such Purchases as are required to be made for, and of the whole incidental Expences that must necessarily attend, the Completion of the said Works, from which, they trust, it will appear the same is practicable, and, with the Aid of such Powers, to collect and make Reservoirs for Water, as Parliament shall think proper to give, may be carried into Execution for a. Sum of Money which has already beeu subscribed,. and, if any Islington, within the said Manor, adjoining to the Passage

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hemy Hobart, Sir John Thorold, and Mr. Anderson Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Vicar and Churchwardens of the Islington Bu-Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of - tying Ground dlesex, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, Inhabitants of the same Parish, w'as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Increase of Inhabitants in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington hath made it necessary to enlarge the Cemetery or Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish; and that in pursuance of a Resolution or Order of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, made at a Vestry held on the 25th Day of May 1790, a certain Piece or Parcel of Copyhold Land, holden of the Manor of Canbury, otherwise Canonbury, in the County of Middlesex, containing, by Estimation, One Acre, or thereabouts, with a Messuage or Tenement standing thereon, and situate near the Lower Street of

unforeseen Deficiency should happen, the Petitioners have no Doubt that further Snms, adequate to effectuate the Works, would be immediately subscribed and raised; and that the Petitioners are advised, that it will be of great Advantage to these Schemes to

leading from the Lower Street aforesaid to the Church Yard of the said Parish, hath been purchased by certain Persons, and surrendered to the Use of them and their Heirs, in Trust, and for the Benefit of the Parishioners of the said Parish, which Persons have been ac-

have the Proprietors incorporated into a Body Politic, cordingly admitted thereto; and that it would be

by such Name and Firm as Parliament shall think proper'. And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to ‘ eftect the Intentions and Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Thornton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of George Uppleby, Esquire, Owner of the

Rectory Impropriate of Barton upon Humber, in the County of Lincqln, and also Patron of the Vicarage of Barton aforesaid, the Reverend William Uppleby, Vicar of the said Vicarage, and of MarmadukeNelsonGraburn, William Graburn, Thomas Morris the Younger, Robert Obbinson, Thomas Scrivener, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto respectively subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Lordship of Barton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Lordship several Open Fields, Ings, Marshes, and Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, containing in the Whole about 5,770 Acres, and also divers ancient inclosed Lands hnd Grounds, containing 240 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Open Fields, Ings. and Marshes, He intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the same, and also the said Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Vol. 4S.

greatly for the Benefit of the said Parish that the said Copyhold Piece of Ground and Hereditaments so surrendered should be enfranchised, and the Freehold and Inheritance thereof conveyed to certain Persons for the Purpose of enlarging the Cemetery or Burying Ground belonging to the said Parish, and an Agreement for such Conveyance and Enfranchisement hath accordingly been entered into, but by Reason of the Statutes of Mortmain, the same cannot effectually be made, nor can the Purchase Money for the said Piece of Ground and Hereditaments be raised, nor the several other Purposes aforesaid effected, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Authorities, as to the House shall seem reasonable and expedient in that Behalf.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting into Execution Ledbury an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year Road* Peti-of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act honfor more effectually repairing several Roads leading " from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and the " Road through the Parish of Bromesberrmo and Corse " Laun, till it joins the Road from Gloucester to " Worcesterwas presented to the House, and read;

Setting

Glamorganshire and Aberdare Canal Petition reported.

Petition again* t Sowerby Bridge and Cornbrock Canal Bill.

100 28°Januarii. A. 1793.

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but find that the Powers thereby granted are insufficient for the effectual Repair of the said Roads; and that a considerable Sum of Money is now due on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, and the Roads amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof explained, amended, altered, and enlarged: And

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cocks, Mr. Martin, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. iVigley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and Freeholders, of the County of Glamorgan, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills had been.complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Dadford, a Surveyor and Engineer, being examined, said, That a Canal for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels may be made from Glamorganshire Canal, along the Valley of Aberdare, to or near the Village of Aberdare, in the County of Glamorgan, together with proper Railways or Stone Roads, for the Passage of Waggons and other Carriages, to or near Abernant, to form aJunction with the Canal; and also, such other Cuts and Railways as may be found expedient, which will open Communications with several extensive Iron Works and Collieries, and be of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Glamorganshire Canal, to or near the Village of Aberdare, in the County of Glamorganand for making and maintaining a Railway, or Stone Road, from thence to or near Abernant, in the Parish of Neath, in the said County: And that Mr. and

Mr. Thomas Wyndham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Feoffees of the Free Grammar School in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand a Bill is depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, by Way of Todmorton, through the Parishes of Rochdale, Middleton, and Prestwich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to join and communicate with the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, at or near a Place called Cornbrook, in the Parish of Manchester, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and also several Navigable Branches from such intended Canal; and that the said Grammar School is a very ancient Foundation, being founded by Hugh Oldham, then Bishop of Exeter, in the early Part of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, for the Instruction of Youth in Grammar, and the Advance-

ment of Knowledge and Learning, by further assisting them in their Education at Oxford and Cambridge, and the said School is free for the whole British Empire; and that the Estate of the said Free School (vested in the Petitioners) consists, in a great Measure, of Mills situated upon the River Irk in aforesaid; and that, in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, an Act of Parliament was passed, by which the Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester were discharged front the Custom of grinding their Corn and Grain, except Malt, at the said Mills, but that the Custom of grinding Malt at the said Mills was established and confirmed by the said Act, and the Petitioners are obliged by the said Act to repair and maintain the said Mills so as to be sufficient to grind for the Inhabitants; and that, without a sufficient Supply of Water, the said Mills will be unable to grind for the Town, and a Failure in this Respect will be productive of irreparable Damage to the Trust Estate vested in the Petitioners; and that the Stream of the said River Irk, on which the said Mills are situated, is already so scantily supplied with Water, that sometimes, and especially in a dry Season, the said Mills are unable to Work for several Hours in the Day through Want of Water; and that the Petitioners are well assured, that the said intended Canal, upon the Line proposed, cannot be effectually supplied with Water, without taking those Resources which feed the Stream of the said River Irk, and that tire making such Canal will unavoidably cut oft' many Springs and Streams, and take away from the Petitioners that from which a great Part of the Income of the said Trust Estate arises: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by 'themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may have such further or other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder N avigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of Y to the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be beard, at the same Time, in Favour- of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the several Persons, w hose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inhabitants within the Borough of Stamford, and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Lincoln, w>as presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Sheets, Lanes, Passages and Causeways, within the said Borough and Precincts, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and are some of them very narrow, and, on Account of many Obstructions, Projections, Nuisances, and Annoyances, rendered very unsafe, dangerous, and incommodious to all Persons passing along the same; and that it would conduce very much to the Safety and Convenience of all Persons residing within, or

resorting

Mutiny M presented

Stamford Paring, &c. Petition.

tino-

and

ire;

3ted

of

'ey;

the

an

il>i-

‘Ol)l

ept

nd-

In-

fed

Us

s;

ie

id

i-

i-

n

i-

o

33 Geo. III.

28° yanuarn.

101

resorting to, the said. Borough, if the said Lanes, Passages, and Causeways, were properly before this House, at Margaret's Westminster,

paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated, if upon Wednesday, next, the 30th Day of this Instant

Streets, Ordered, That the Chaplain to this House do preach Chaplain to

fKlfl Urtt ,n/> n4- C/Mul I!//'__J . prtAC lit

such of them as are too narrow were widened, and all Encroachments, Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, removed and prevented for the future; and that there is, in the said Borough and Precincts, a certain Common called Tenter Meadow, and also several Waste Grounds or Waste Places, which are, in their present State, of very little Benefit to the several Persons interested therein, but if the same, or so much thereof as shall be found requisite,

January.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, to consider further WaZ*and of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to ean8"

His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they

were inclosed, all Right of Common thereon abolished, and the said Tenter Meadow and Waste Grounds sold, or let on Building or other Leases, and the Money had directed him to report, when the House will please arising therefrom applied towards the Expences of to receive the same.

paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and improv- That the Report be received upon Thurs-

ing the said Borough and Precincts, it would be very day Morning next.

advantageous to the Inhabitants thereof; and all Per- Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That sons interested in the said Lands and Grounds: And he was directed by the Committee to move, that they

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill or Bills for effecting the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir George Howard, the Earl of Carysfort, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Stamford Inclosure Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within certain Parts of the Common Fields of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, called or known by the Name of

may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House. will, at the Rising of the House to ad-House this Day, adjourn till Thursday Morning next. Thursday

Mr. St. John presented to the House, according to Riselylnclo-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common 8Un? Pri* and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and sente(J‘ Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Risely, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Wakefield to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inc>o»ure The kittle Field, or Water Furlong l£ast, and Water Common Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, pre*ent" Furlong West, was presented to the House, and read; within the Townships or Graveships of Wakefield, Stan-Setting forth, That the Lands within such Parts of the ley, Wrenthorpe, Alverthorpe, and Thornes, in the Parish said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed in small Par- of Wa,in the West Riding of the County of eels, and are in their present Situation incapable of York: And the same was received; and read the First

Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

any considerable Improvement; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the Proprietors and Persons interested in such Parts of the said Fields, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to sit Committee!.

allotted to the Proprietors and Persons interested, ac- Tomorrow, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the cording to their respective Rights and Interests therein: House.

to Sit.

M:-

pi?*

P-'

IV

Account of Produce of Duty on Cousin Scotland presented.

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Parts of the Common Fields of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, called or known by the Name of The Little Field, or Water Furlong East, and Water Furlong West, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petion; And that Sir George Howard and the Earl of Carysfort do prepare, and bring in, the same,

The House being informed, that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Produce of the Duty on Coals, at the different Ports in , for the

last Three Years preceding 10th October 1792 (being the latest Period to which the same can be made up) distinguishing each Port, and distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vo*.. 48.

An ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Ma- Marine Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the 11 ny Bill j>as-Third Time. sed'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That King's Mes-he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, sage for Aug-signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to p ®"ct^stion 01 the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the orces" Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty has given Directions for laying before the House of Commons, Copies of several Papers which have been received from Mr. Chawoelin, late Minister Plenipotentiary from the Most Christian King, by His Majesty's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, and of the Answers returned thereto; and likewise Copy of an Order made by His Majesty in Coun-

D a cil,

102 2 &° fanuarn. . 1793.

oil, and transmitted by His Majesty's Commands to the said Mr. Chauvelin, in Consequence of the Accounts of the atrocious Act recently perpetrated at Paris.

In the present Situation of Affairs, His Majesty thinks it indispensably necessary to make a further Augmentation of His Forces 'by Sea and Land; and relies on the known Affection and Zeal of the House of Commons to enable His Majesty to take the most effectual Measures, in the present important Conjuncture, for maintaining the Security and Rights of His own Dominions; for supporting His Allies; and for opposing Views of Aggrandizement and Ambition on the Part of Francewhich would be at all Times dangerous to the general Interests of Europe, but are peculiarly so, when connected with the Propagation of Principles which lead to the Violation of the most sacred Duties, and are utterly subversive of the Peace and Order of all Civil Society.

R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Correspond- Mr. Secretary Dundaspresented to the House, by «ncebetween jjs Majesty's Command,

and Lord*ln N® i. Copy of a Note from Monsieur to

Grenville Lord Grenville, dated May 12th 1792; and Transla-presented. tion: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville, to Monsieur Chauvelin, dated May 24th 1792; and Translation: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Note from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, dated May 24th 1792; and Translation: And also, v N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville, to

Monsieur Chauvelin, dated May 25th 1792; and Translation: And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Letter from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, dated May 25th 1792; and Translation: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Note from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, received June 2d 1792; and Translation: And also,

N° 7. Copy of a Note from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, dated June 18th 1792; and Translation: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, dated July 8th 1792; and Translation: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Note from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, dated November 19th 1792; and Translation: And also,

N® 10, Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, dated November 21st 1792; and Translation: And also,

N° 11. Copy of a Note from'Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, dated November 2 2d 1792; and Translation: And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, dated 28th 1792; and

Translation: And also,

N° 13. Copy of a Note from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, dated December 27th 1792; and Translation: And also,

N° 14. Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, dated December 31st 1792; and Translation: And also,

N° 15. Copy of a Note from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, dated January 7th 1793; and Translation (Original returned to him the same Morning): And also,

N° 16. Copy of a Note from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, dated January 7th 1793; and

Translation: And also,

N° 17. Copy of a Letter from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, dated January 7th 1793 — received 9th; and Translation: And also,

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, dated January 9th 1793; and Translation: And also,

N® J9. Copy of a Note from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, dated January 11th 1793 — received January 12th; and Translation (Original returned to him January 13th): And also,

N* 20. Copy of a Note from Mr. Ami to Monsieur Chauvelin, dated January 13th 1793; and Translation: And also,

N® 21. Copy of a Letter from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, dated January 12th 1793; and Translation: And also,

N® 22. Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, dated January 13 th 1793; and Translation: And also,

N® 23. Copy of a Letter from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, dated January 13th 1793; and Translation: And also,

N® 24. Copy of a Paper delivered by Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, January 13th i 793; and Translation: and also,

N® 25. Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, dated January 18th 1793; and Translation: And also,

N® 26. Copy of a Letter from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, dated January 17 th 1793 — received the 18th; and Translation: And also,

N® 27. Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, dated January 20th 1793; and Translation: And also.

N® 28. Copy of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, dated January 24th 1793; and Translation: And also,

N® 29. Copy of a Letter from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, dated January 24th 1793; and Translation: And also,

N® 30. Copy of His Majesty's Order of Council* dated January 24th 1793.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The Copies of the said Correspondence with Monsieur Chauvelin are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Translations thereof, and the Copy of His Majesty's said Order of Council, are as followeth; viz.

TRANSLATION of a Note delivered by Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, May 12th 1792.

The Undersigned Minister Plenipotentiary of his Majesty the King of the French, is ordered by his Court to transmit to his Excellency Lord Grenville, Secretary of State to His Britannick Majesty for the Department of Foreign Affairs, the following Note.

The King of the French, in sending a Minister Plenipotentiary to London, has especially charged him to commence his Mission by manifesting to the British Government the powerful Reasons which have determined France to a War with the King of Hungary and Bohemia. He has thought that he owes this Manifestation to the Purity of the Intentions which animate him, as well as to the Laws of good Neighbourhood, and to the Value which he attaches to every Thing which may maintain Confidence and Friendship between Two Empires, who have at this Moment, more than ever, Reasons for drawing near each other, and uniting themselves together.

Having become King of a free Nation, after having sworn to support the Constitution it has given herself, he cannot but deeply feel all the Attacks designed

against

33 Geo. Ill

Q8° Januarii.

103

against that Constitution; and his Probity alone would The King hopes that the British Government will have induced him to prevent and combat them. see in this Exposition the incontrovertible Justice, and

The King has seen a great Conspiracy formed against the Necessity of the War, which the French Nation ,n

France, the Agents of this League concealing, under maintains against the King of Hungary and Bohemia; Grenville.' an insulting Pity for him, the Preparations of their and that he will moreover find in it that common Designs; and his Majesty has had the Grief to count Principle of Liberty and Independence, of which they amongst them Frenchmen, whose Fideh'ty appeared to ought not to be less jealous than France. Tor Engine guaranteed by so many powerful Motives and private land is free likewise, because she determined to be so;

and assuredly she did not suffer other Powers to attempt to compel her to alter the Constitution she had adopted, to lend the smallest Assistance to rebellious Subjects, or to pretend to interfere, under any Pretence, in her interior Disputes.

Persuaded that His Majesty is not less

ardently desirous than himself of seeing the good Understanding and Union between the Two Countries consolidated and strengthened, the King demands, that,

Tie*.

The King has not been sparing of the Means of Persuasion to bring them back to their Duty, and to break this threatening League, which supported and strengthened their guilty Hopes. But. the Emperor Leopold \the Promoter and declared Leader of this grbat Conspiracy, and after his Decease Francis King of Hungary and Bohemia, have never sincerely answered any of the candid and reiterated Demands of the King.

After being wearied by Delays and vague Answers, conformably to the 4th Article of the Treaty of Navi-the Impatience of the French increasing daily by new gation and Commerce of the 26th September 1786, His

Provocations, those Princes have successively avowed the Coalition of the Powers against France — They never justified themselves for the Part they had taken in it, or for that they were still taking. Far from shewing themselves disposed to dissolve it by their Influence, they have sought to connect it with Facts, which in the first Place were foreign to it, and upon

Britannick Majesty shall remind all His Subjects of Great Britain and Ireland, and publish it in the accustomed Manner, in those Two Kingdoms, and in the Islands and Countries dependant upon them, an express Prohibition to exercise against France, or against the Ships of France, any Hostility, by cruizing on the Seas, or to take out any Patent, Commission,

which France has never refused doing Justice to the or Letters of Reprisals, from the different Princes or interested Parties. And, as if the King of Hungary L " 1 ~ T'

were desirous of consecrating the Perpetuity of the Attack he makes on the Sovereignty of the French Empire, he has declared that this Coalition, equally injurious to the King and to the Nation, could not cease until France should remove the serious Causes which had given rise to it, that is to say, so long as France, jealous of her Independence, would not give up the smallest Point of her new Constitution.

States w'ho are or shall be at War with France-, or to make Use, in any Manner, of such Patents or Commission's.

The King requires besides, that all the Articles of the aforesaid Treaty, which relate to the Case of One of the Contracting Pow ers being at War, and especially the 3d, 16th, 24th, 39th, 40th, and 41st Articles, shall be punctually observed and executed, in the same Manner as his Majesty is determined to act on his Part,

Such an Answer, preceded and supported by Prepa- respecting all the Stipulations of this Treaty.

rations most evidently hostile, and by. an ill-concealed Protection of the Rebels, must have appeared to the National Assembly, to the King, and to all France, as a manifest Aggression; for it is commencing War to announce that Troops are assembled and called ill all Quarters, in order to constrain the Inhabitants of a Country to alter the Form of Government which they have freely chosen, and sworn to defend.

Such is the Sense, and as it were the Substance, of all the evasive Answers of the Emperor and King of Hungary's Ministers, to the simple and candid Explanations which the King required of them.

Thus the King saw himself forced into a War, which was already declared against him; but, religiously faithful to the Principles of the Constitution, whatever may finally be the Fate of Arms in this War, France rejects all Ideas of Aggrandizement. She will preserve her Limits, her Liberty, her Constitution, her inalienable Right of reforming herself, whenever she may think proper: She will never consent that, under any Relation, Foreign Powers should attempt to dictate, or even dare to nourish a Hope of dictating Laws to Christian Majesty and his Majesty the King of Hun-hex. — But this very Pride, so natural and so just, is a gary and Bohemia. This Sentiment is equally inspired sure Pledge to all the Powers, from whom she shall by His Love for Humanity, by the Interest He takes have received no Provocation, not only of her con- in the maintaining the Tranquillity of Europe, and by stantly pacific Dispositions, but also of the Respect His sincere Wishes for the Personal Happiness of their

London, 12 May 1792,

4th Year of French Liberty.

- The Minister Plenipotentiary of

France,

TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, dated May 24th 1792.

The undersigned Secretary of State to the King has had the Honour of laying before His Majesty the Official Note which Afonsieur Chauvelin transmitted to him the 15th Instant. — He has Orders to testify to that Alinister how truly sensible His Majesty ever is to the Proofs of Friendship and Confidence which He receives on the Part of his Most Christian Majesty, and with how much Sincerity He returns them by Sentiments perfectly reciprocal.

His Majesty could not learn without the deepest Regret that a War has broken out between his Most

which the French will know how to shew, at all Times, for the Laws, the Customs, and all the Forms of Government of different Nations.

The King, indeed, wishes it to be known, that he

Mcst Christian, and Apostolic Majesties, and for the Prosperity of their Dominions. In the present Circumstances He thinks it right to abstain from entering into a Discussion of the Motives and the Steps on each

would publicly and severely disavow all those of his Side which have brought on a Rupture so afflicting to a Agents at Foreign Courts in Peace with France, who Sovereign, the Neighbour and Friend of the Two should dare to depart an Instant from that Respect, Belligerent Parties.

either by fomenting or favouring Insurrections against Confining Himself therefore to Expressions of the the established Order, or by interfering, in any Manner Wishes He will never cease to form for the speedy whatever, in the interior Policy of such States, under and permanent Re-establishment of Peace, He does Pretence of a Proselytism, which, exercised in the Do- not hesitate, however, to give to his Most Christian minions of friendly Powers, would be a real Violation Majesty the direct and positive Assurance of His Readi-of the Law of Nations. ness to fulfil, in the most exact Manner, the Stipulations

Vol. 48. of

28" Jannarii. A. 1793.

Correspond- of the Treaty of Navigation and Commerce of which ence between his Most Christian Majesty requires the Execution. an'd^Lord*^11 Faithful to all His Engagements, His Majesty will Grenville, Pay the strictest Attention to the Preservation of the good Understanding which so happily subsists between Him and his Most Christian Majesty; expecting with Confidence, that, animated with the same Sentiments, his Most Christian Majesty will not fail to contribute to the same End, by causing on his Part the Rights of His Majesty and His Allies to be respected, and by rigorously forbidding any Step which might affect the Friendship which His Majesty has ever desired to con*-solidate and perpetuate for the Happiness of the Twro Empires.

(Signed)

Whitehall, 24 May 1792. Grenville.

TRANSLATION of a Note from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, May 24th 17924

The undersigned Minister Plenipotentiary from the King of the French to'His Britannick Majesty, has the Honour to state to his Excellency Lord Grenville,

Minister of State for Foreign Affairs.

That the Royal Proclamation published the 21st of this Month, and communicated to the Two Houses of Parliament, contains some Expressions which might, contrary to the Intentions of the British Ministry, give Weight to the false Opinions which the Enemies of France endeavour to circulate with respect to her Intentions towards Great Britain.

If certain Individuals of this Country have established a Correspondence Abroad, tending to excite Troubles therein, and if, as the Proclamation seems to insinuate, certain Frenchmen have come into their Views, that is a Proceeding wholly foreign to the French Nation, to the Legislative Body, to the King, and to his Ministers; it is a Proceeding of which they are entirely ignorant, which militates against every Principle of justice, and which, whenever it became known, would be universally condemned in France. — Independently of those Principles of Justice, from which a free Pepple ought never to deviate, is it not evident, from a due Consideration of the true Interests of the French Nation, that she ought to desire the interior Tranquillity, the Continuance and the Force of the Constitution of a Country which she already looks upon as her natural Ally?

Is not this the only reasonable Wish, which a People can form, which sees so many Efforts United against its Liberty ? The Minister Plenipotentiary, deeply sensible of these Truths, and of the Maxims of universal Morality upon which they are founded, had already represented them in an Official Note, which he transmitted to the British Ministry the 15th of this Month, by the express Orders of his Court; and he thinks it his Duty to repeat, on the present Occasion, the important Declarations it contains:

" Religiously faithful to the Principles of its Constitution, whatever may be definitively the Fortune " of her Arms in this War, France repels every Idea " of Aggrandizement; she wishes to preserve her " own Limits, her Liberty, her Constitution, and her " inalienable Right of reforming herself, whenever " she shall judge proper: She will never consent that " Foreign Powers should in any Shape dictate, or " should dare to nourish a Hope of dictating Laws to " her; but this very Pride, so natural and so just, is " a Pledge to all the Powers from whom she shall " have received no Provocation, not only of her constantly pacific Dispositions, but also of the Respect " which the French will at all Times know how to '* pay to the Laws, the Usages, and all the Forms of

" Government of different People. The King also " desires that it may be known, that he would disavow, " decidedly and severely, all those of his Agents in " Foreign Courts at Peace with France, who might " dare to deviate a Moment from this Respect, either " by fomenting, or by favouring Revolts against the " established Order, or by interfering, in any Manner " whatever, in the internal Politics of those States, " under Pretext of making Proselytes, which, exercised " towards friendly Powers, would be a real Violation " of the Law of Nations.

" The King hopes that the British Government will " see in this Exposition the incontrovertible Justice, and " the Necessity of the War, which the French Nation " carries on against the King of Hungary and Bohemia, " and that it will further find therein, that common " Principle of Liberty and Independence, of which it " ought not to be less jealous than France; for England " also is free, because she would be so, and certainly " she has not suffered that other Powers should constrain her to change the Constitution which she has " adopted, that they should lend the least Assistance to " her rebellious Subjects, nor that they should pretend " to interfere, under any Pretext, in her internal " Discussions."

The Honour of France, her Desire of preserving and augmenting a good Understanding between the Two Countries, and the Necessity of clearing up every Doubt as to her Dispositions, requiring that they should be as publicly known as possible, the undersigned Minister Plenipotentiary requests that Lord Grenville would communicate this Official Note to the Two Houses of Parliament, previous to their deliberating on the Proclamation of His Britannick Majesty of the 21st of May: He seizes, this Opportunity of renewing to his Excellency the Assurances of his high Esteem and Respect.

The Minister Plenipotentiary of France,

(Signed) F. Chauvelin.

London, May 24th 1792,

Fourth Year of French Liberty.

TRANSLATION of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, May 25th

1792.

Whitehall, 25th May 1792.

I have already had the Honour, Sir, to acknowledge the Receipt of the Note which you addressed to me, dated Yesterday.

Desiring with Ardour and Sincerity to maintain, in all the Affairs that I may have the Honour to treat with you, that Harmony and Cordiality which correspond with the Intentions of the King, it is with Regret that I find myself under the Necessity of making to you the following Observations on the Subject

of that Paper.---1 am persuaded that it was . not at

all your Intention to deviate from the Rules and Forms established in this Kingdom for the Correspondence of the Ministers of Foreign Courts with the King's Secretary of State for this Department But it was impossible for me not to remark that in your last Note, the only Question relates to a Communication which you desire me to make to the Two Houses of Parliament, before they deliberate upon an Object which you appear to believe they were about to discuss. It is necessary for me to observe to you, Sir, that in my Quality of Secretary of State to His Majesty, I cannot receive any Communication from a Foreign Minister, but in order to lay it before the King, and to receive His Majesty's Commands thereupon; and that the Deliberations of the Two Houses of Parliament, as well as the Communications which

His

His Majesty shall be pleased to make to them, relative to the Affairs of the Kingdom, are Objects absolutely foreign to all diplomatic Correspondence, and upon which it is impossible for me to enter into any Discussion whatever with the Ministers of other Courts.

This, Sir, is the only Answer which it will be possible for me to return to the Note in Question; which, as well in its Form as in its Object, cannot be considered as a regular and Official Communication. I shall always feel the greatest Pleasure in reporting to His Majesty the Assurances which you may be authorised to give me for that Purpose, of the friendly Dispositions of your Court; and I desire you to accept the Expression of the Esteem and high Regard with which I have the Honour to be, &c.

Grenville.

TRANSLATION of a Letter from Mon. sieur Chauvelin to Lord , May 25th 1792.

Portman Square, May 25th 1792.

I have this Moment, my Lord, received the Letter which you have done me the Honour to write to me on the Subject of the Note which I sent you Yesterday, the 24th Instant. I have the Honour to' thank you for the obliging Manner in which it is expressed. You have done Justice to my Intentions, in believing that I did not intend to depart from the -established Rules and Forms of this Kingdom.

I by no Means thought, when I presented that Note to you, that the Demand contained in it ought not, as well as all others, to be laid before the King of Great Britain; it was expressly in the Intention of giving to His Majesty fresh Assurances of Deference and Respect for the British Government, that I did myself the Honour of making that last Notification: and it being my Desire to make this Manifestation of the Dispositions of the French Government as public as possible, I thought it best to beg you to communicate it to both Houses of Parliament.

In making this Request, my Lord, I intended to obviate the false Interpretations which might be occasioned in the Two Houses, by the Article of the Proclamation which is the Subject of it; I flattered myself by this Means to contribute towards *the Maintenance of that Harmony, and of that Cordiality between the Two States, of which I with Joy remarked the Expression in the Assurance which you gave me, that it is no less desired by His Brita Majesty, than by the King of the French.

As to the rest, my Lord, any other Form which if may suit you to adopt, and which may render very public the Sentiments of Fra, her true Dispositions with regard to England, and the Orders which I have received from the King of the , and which I

have communicated to you, will equally answer the Wish of the French Government.

Please to accept the Homage of the Esteem, and of the high Consideration with which I have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed) F. Chauvelin.

TRANSLATION of a Note from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenvillereceived June 2d 1792.

The undersigned Minister Plenipotentiary from the King of the French to His Britannick Majesty, has the Honour to state to his Excellency Lord Minister of State for Foreign Affairs, That the Royal Proclamation, published the 21st of this Month, and communicated to the Two Houses of Parliament, con-

Vol. 48.

tains some Expressions which might, contrary to the Intentions of the British Ministry, give Weight to the false Opinions which the Enemies of endeavour

to circulate with respect to her Intentions- towards Great Britain.

If certain Individuals of this Country have established a Correspondence Abroad tending to excite Troubles therein, and if, as the Proclamation seems to insinuate, certain Frenchmen have come into their Views, that is a Proceeding wholly foreign to the French Nation, to the Legislative Body, to the King, and to his Ministers; it is a Proceeding of which they are entirely ignorant, which militates against every Principle of Justice, and which, whenever it became known, would be universally condemned in France. Independently of those Principles of Justice from which a Free People ought never to deviate, is it not evident, from a due Consideration of the true Interests of the French Nation, that she- ought to desire the interior Tranquillity, the Continuance, and the Force of the Constitution of a Country which she already looks upon as her natural Ally ? Is not this the only reasonable Wish which People can form, who see so many Efforts "United against its Liberty? The Minister Plenipotentiary, deeply sensible of these Truths, and of the Maxims of universal Morality upon which they are founded, had already represented them in an Official Note, which he transmitted to the British Miuistry the 15th of this Month, by the express Orders of his Court, and he thinks it his Duty to repeat, on the present Occasion, the important Declarations which it contains.

" Religiously faithful to the Principles of its Constitution, whatever may be definitely the Fortune " of her Army in this War, France repels every Idea " of Aggrandizement; she wishes to preserve her own " Limits, her Liberty, her Constitution, and her " unalienable Right of reforming* herself whenever " she shall judge proper; she will never consent that " Foreign Powers should in any Shape dictate, or " should dare to nourish a hope of dictating-, Laws " to her. But this very Pride, so natural and so " just, is a Pledge to all the Powers from whom she " shall have received no Provocation, not only of " her constantly pacific Dispositions, but also of the " Respect which the French will at all Times know " how to pay to the Laws, the Usages, and all the " Forms of Government of different People. The " King also desires that it may be known, that he " would disavow decidedly and severely, all those of " his Agents in Foreign Courts at Peace with,

" who might dare to deviate a Moment from this " Respect, either by fomenting or by favouring Revolts against the established Order, or by interfering in any Manner whatever in the internal Politics of those States, under Pretext of making Proselytes, which, exercised towards friendly Powers, " would be a real Violation of the Law of Nations.

" The King hopes that the British Government " will see, in this Exposition, the incontrovertible " Justice and the Necessity of the War which the French Nation carries on against the King of Hungary and - Bohemia, and that it will further find " therein that common Principle of Liberty and Independence, of which it ought not to be less jealous than France j For England also is free, because " she would be so; and certainly she has not suffered " that other Powers should constrain her to change " the Constitution which she has adopted; that they " should lend the least Assistance to her rebellious " Subjects; nor that they should pretend to interfere, " under any Pretext, in her internal Discussions."

The Honour of France, her Desire of preserving and augmenting a good Understanding between the Two Countries, and the Necessity of clearing up

E e every-

Correspondence ber*een M.Chativetm and Lrd Grenville,

.28" yanmrii.

A. 1793.

Conreapoatl* every Doubt as to her Dispositions, requiring that they between should be as publicly known as possible, the undersigned and LortPlenipotentiary requests that Lord Grenville. would obtain his Britain Majesty's Permission to communicate this Official Note to the Two Houses of Parliament, previous to their deliberating on the Pro* demotion of the 21 st of May.

He seizes this Opportunity of renewing to his Excel* lency the Assurances of his high. Esteem and Respect.

The Minister Plenipotentiary of France.

(Signed) F.

TRANSLATION of a Note from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville', dated June i$tb 1792.

The undersigned Minister Plenipotentiary of His Majesty the King of the French has transmitted to His Majesty the Official Note which Lord Grenville addressed to him on the 24th of May last, on the Part of His Britannick Majesty, in Answer to that which he

had the Honour to deliver to him on the 15th of the same Month, together with the Royal Proclamation published in consequence of it. He is directed to assure His Britannick Majesty of the due Sense which the King entertains of the friendly Dispositions, and of the Sentiments of Humanity, of Justice, and of Peace, which are so clearly manifested in that Answer.

The King of the French observed with Care all its Expressions, and is happy in consequence to renew to the King" of Great Britain the formal Assurance that every Thing which can interest the Rights of His Bri-Utnnick Majesty will continue to be the Object of his most particular and most scrupulous Attention.

He hastens at the same Time to declare to Him, conformably to the Desire expressed in that Answer, that the Rights of all the Allies of Great Britain, who shall ' not have provoked France by hostile Measures, shall by him be no less religiously respected.

In making, or rather in renewing this Declaration, the King of the French enjoys the double Satisfaction of expressing the Wish of a People, in whose Eyes every War which is not rendered necessary by a due Attention to its Defence is essentially unjust, and joining particularly in the Wishes of His Britannick Majesty for the Tranquillity of Europe, which would never be disturbed if France and England would unite in order to preserve it

But this Declaration of the King's, and the Dispositions of His Britannick Majesty, authorize him to hope, that he will be induced eagerly to employ His good Offices with those Allies to dissuade them from granting, directly or indirectly, any Assistance to the Enemies of France, and to inspire them with Regard to its Rights, that is to say, its Independence, with those Attentions which France is ready to manifest on every Occasion for the Rights of all Powers who shall observe towards her the Terms of a strict Neutrality.

The Steps taken by the Cabinet of Vienna amongst the different Powers, and principally amongst the Allies of His Britannick Majesty, in otider to engage them in a Quarrel which is foreign to them, are known to all Europe. If public Report even were to be credited, its Successes at the Court of Berlin prepare the Way for others in the United Provinces. The Threats held out to the different Members of the Germanic Body to make them deviate from that wise Neutrality which their political Situation, and their dearest Interests, prescribe to them; the Arrangements taken with different Sovereigns of Italy to determine them to act hostilely against France and lastly, the Intrigues by which Russia has just been induced to arm against the Constitution of Roland; every Thing points out fresh Marks of a vast Conspiracy against free

3

States, which seems to threaten to precipitate Europe in universal War.

The Consequences of such a Conspiracy, formed by the Concurrence of Powers who have been so long Rivals, will be easily felt by His Britannick Majesty: The Balance of Europe, the Independence of the different

Powers, the general Peace, every Consideration which at all Times has fixed the Attention of the English Government, is at once exposed and threatened.

The King of the French presents these serious and important Considerations to the Solicitude and to the Friendship of His Britannick Majesty. Strongly penetrated with the Marks of Interest and of Affection which he has received from Him; he invites Him to seek, in His Wisdom, in His Situation, and in His Influence, Means compatible with the Independence of the French Nation, to stop, whilst it is still Time, the Progress of that Confederacy, which equally threatens the Peace, the Liberty, the Happiness of Europe, and above all to dissuade from all Accession to this Project those of His Allies whom it may be wished to draw into it, or who may have been already drawn into it from Fear, Seduction, and different Pretexts of the falsest as well as of the most odious Policy.

The Minister Plenipotentiary of France.

(Signed) F. Chauvelin.

Portman-Square,

June 18th 1792, the Fourth

Year of Liberty.

TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, July 8th, 1792.

The undersigned Secretary of State to His Majesty has had the Honour to lay before His Majesty the Note which Monsieur Chauvelin sent him the 18th of June.

The King always receives with the same Sensibility from his Most Christian Majesty the Assurances of his Friendship, and of his Disposition to maintain that happy Harmony which subsists between the Two Empires. His Majesty will never refuse to concur in the Preservation or Re-establishment of Peace between the other Powers of Europe, by such Means as are proper to produce that Effect, and are compatible with His Dignity, and with the Principles which govern His Conduct. But the same Sentiments which have determined Him not to take a Part in the internal Affairs of France, ought equally to induce Him to -respect the Rights and the Independence of other Sovereigns, and especially those of the Allies; and His Majesty has thought that, in the existing Circumstances of the War now begun, the Intervention of His Councils, or of His good Offices, cannot be of Use, unless they should be desired by all the Parties interested.

Nothing then remains for the undersigned, but to repeat to Monsieur Chauvelin the Assurances of those Wishes which His Majesty forms for the Return of Tranquillity, of the 'Interest which He will always take in the Happiness of his Most Christian Majesty; and of the Value which he attaches to his Friendship, and to the Confidence which he has shewn Him.

(Signed) Grenville.

Whitehall,

8th July, 1792.

TRANSLATION of a Note from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, 19th No-

vember 1792.

Monsieur Chauvelin has the Honour to present his' Respects to Lord Grenville; and requests that he

would,

would) as soon as possible, grant him a Moment's Conversation, and that he would appoint for that Purpose the Hour and the Place, either in Town or Country, at which it would be least inconvenient to him to meet him.

Portman Square, the 19th November 1792.

TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord GretroMe to Monsieur November

21st 1792.

Lord Grenville presents his Compliments to Monsieur Chauvelin. He received Yesterday Evening the Note which Monsieur Chauvelin addressed to him, dated the 19th of this Month: Before he can answer it, he must, under the present Circumstances, request Monsieur Chauvelin will be pleased to explain to him the Object of the Conference which he has desired.

Whitehall,

November 21st 1792.

TRANSLATION of a Note from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, November 2 2d 1792.

Monsieur Chauvelin has the Honour to present his Compliments to Lord Grenville. He thought that the private Conversation which he had the Honour to propose to him a few Days since, could not, in the present Circumstances, without any Inconveniency, but have produced advantageous Effects: If Lord Grenville thinks otherwise, and considers such an Interview as useless at this Moment, Monsieur Chauvelin will not insist upon it; and will only regret that he has not been able to seize this Opportunity of offering his Respects to Lord Grenville, and of renewing to him Assurances of his Esteem.

Portman Square, the 22d November 1792.

Lord Grenville.

TRANSLATION of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, November 28th 1792.

Whitehall, November 28th 1792.

Sir,

I could have wished that you had thought yourself enabled to satisfy the Desire which I expressed to you, of knowing the Object of the Conference you demanded of me some Days ago: But as, on reflecting on the Situation of Affairs, I have thought with you, that the private Conversation you proposed to me may be useful under the existing Circumstances, I will not refuse it.

I will beg of you to be so good as to come to the Office for Foreign Affairs Tomorrow at Noon, if that Hour should be convenient to yeu.

In the mean Time I renew to you the Assurance of the distinguished Regard with which I have the Honour to be, &c.

Grenville.

Monsieur Chauvelin.

TRANSLATION of a Note from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, December 27 th 1792.

Portman Square, December 27th 1792, the First Year of the Republic.

The undersigned Minister Plenipotentiary of France has the Honour to communicate to his Excellency Lord Grenville the Instructions which he has received Voi. 48.

from the Executive Council of the French Re- Cnrmpo republic, with Orders to lay them before His Britannick ewe between Majesty's Secretary of State for the Department of M.Chanveim Foreign Affairs, in case he should believe that he could Grenville, not sufficiently soon obtain an Interview with that Minister.

The French Government, by continuing, since the Recal of Loid Gower from Paris, to leave at London its Minister Plenipotentiary, conceived that it gave His Britannick Majesty an unequivocal Proof of the Desire it had to continue to live upon good Terms with Him, and to dispel those Clouds, which the Events necessary and inherent to the internal Regulations of France, appeared at that Time to have occasioned. The Intentions of the Executive Council of France with Regard to England, have not'ceased to be the same; but it has not been able to see with Indifference the Public Conduct which the British Ministry maintains at present towards France. It is with Regret that it has remarked in this Conduct, a Character of Ill-will, to which it is yet unwilling to give Credit.

It has however felt, that its Duty to the French Nation required it no longer to leave it in a State of Uncertainty, into which it had been thrown by several Measures recently adopted by the British Government — an Uncertainty which must be shared by the British Nation, and which is equally unworthy of both Countries.

The Executive Council of the French Republic has, in consequence, authorized the Minister of France at London, to demand with Openness of the Ministers of His Britannick Majesty, if France ought to consider England as a neutral Power, or as an Enemy; and it has especially charged him to obtain a definitive Answer upon this Point.

But, in asking from the Ministers of His Britannick Majesty a frank and open Explanation as to their Intentions with regard to France, the Executive Council is unwilling the y should have the smallest remaining Doubt as to the Disposition of France towards England, and as to its Desire of remaining in Peace with her; it has even been desirous of answering beforehand all the Reproaches which they may be tempted to make in Justification of a Rupture.

On reflecting what may be the Reasons which may determine His Britannick Majesty to break with the French Republic, the Executive Council has been able to find no other than a false Interpretation, which is, perhaps, given to the Decree of the National Convention of the 19th of November. If a real Alarm has been occasioned by this Decree, it. can have arisen only for Want of understanding its true Sense. The National Convention never meant that the French Republic should favour Insurrections, should espouse the Quarrels of a few seditious Persons, or, in a Word, should endeavour to excite Disturbances in any neutral or friendly Country whatever. Such an Idea would be rejected by all the French. It cannot be imputed to the National Convention without doing it Injustice.

This Decree, then, is applicable only to those People, who, after having acquired their Liberty by Conquest, may have demanded the Fraternity, the Assistance of the Republic, by the solemn and unequivocal Expression of the general Will.

France ought and will respect, not only the Independence of England, but even that of those of her Allies, with whom she is not at War. The undersigned has therefore been charged formally to declare, that she will not attack Holland, so long as that Power shall, on its Side, confine itself towards her within the Bounds of an exact Neutrality.

The British Government being thus set at its Ease upon these Two Points, no Pretence for the smallest Difficulty could remain, except as to the Question of the opening of the Scheldt, a Question irrevocably decided by Reason and by Justice, of small Importance iij

108 - Q&* fanuarii. A. 1793.

Correspond- itself, and on which the Opinion of , and perhaps

«nce between of Holland itself, is sufficiently known, to render it diffi-M.chauvelin cu|t seriously to make it the single Subject of a Wdr. Grenville. Should, however, the British Ministry avail itself of this last Motive, as a cause of declaring War against,

would it not, in such Case, be probable, that its secret Intention must have been,.'at all Events, to bring on a Rupture; and that it made use, at the present Moment, of the vainest of all Pretences, to colour an unjust Aggression, long ago determined upon ?

On this unfortunate. Supposition, which the Executive Council rejects, the undersigned would be authorized forcibly to support the Dignity of the French People, and to declare with Firmness, that this free and powerful People will accept the War, and repel with Indignation an Aggression so manifestly unjust, and so little provoked on its Part. When every Explanation, calculated' to demonstrate the Purity of the Intentions of France, when all peaceable and conciliatory Measures shall have been exhausted by her, it is evident that all the Weight, all the Responsibility of the War, will fall sooner or latec upon those who shall have provoked it.. It will, in fact, be nothing but a War of the Administration alone against the French Republic; and if this Truth could for a Moment appear doubtful, it would not perhaps be impossible for France speedily to convince of this a Nation, which, in bestowing its Confidence, has never renounced the Exercise of its. Reason, or. its Respect for Truth and Justice.

Such are the Instructions which the under-signed has received Orders to communicate Officially to his Excellency Lord Grenvill; inviting him, as well as the whole Council of His Britannic Majesty, to weigh, with the most serious Attention, the Declarations and the Demands which they contain. It is evident that the French Nation is desirous of maintaining Peace with England;she affords a Proof of this, by lending herself frankly and openly to dissipate all the Suspicions which so many different Passions and Prejudices are unceasingly at work to raise up against her; but the more she shall have done to convince all Europe of the Purity of her Views, and of the Justice, of her Intentions, the more will she have a Right to expect no longer to be misunderstood. '

The under-signed has Orders to demand a written Answer to the present Note. He hopes that the Ministers of His Britannick Majesty will be brought back by the Explanations which it contains, to Ideas more favourable to the Re-union of the Two Countries, and that they will not have Occasion, for the Purpose of returning to them, to consider the terrible Responsibility of a Declaration of War, which will incontestibly be their own Work, the Consequences of which cannot be otherwise than fatal to the Two Countries, and to Human Nature in general, and in which a generous and free People cannot long consent to betray their own Interests, by serving as an Auxiliary and a Reinforcement to a Tyrannical Coalition.

(Signed) Chauvelin.

TRANSLATION of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin; dated Whitehall, December s ist 1792.

Whitehall, December 31 1792.

I have received, Sir, from yon a Note,- in which, stiling yourself Minister Plenipotentiary of , you

communicate to me, as the King's Seorptary of State, the Instructions which you state to- have yourself received from the Executive Council of tb Re-

public. You Are not ignorant, that since the unhappy Events of the 10th of the King has thought

proper to suspend all Official Communication with France. You are yourself no otherwise accredited to

the King, than in the Name of his Most Christian Majesty. The Proposition of receiving a Minister accredited' by any other Authority or Power in France, would be a new Question, which, whenever it should occur, the King would have the Right to decide according to the Interests of His Subjects, His own Dignity, and the Regard which he owes to His Allies, and to the general System of Europe. I am therefore to inform you, Sir, in expressed formal Terms, that I acknowledge you in no other- public Character than that of Minister from his Most Christian Majesty, and that consequently you cannot be admitted to treat with the King's Ministers, in the Quality, and under the Form stated in your Note.

But observing that you have entered into Explanations of some of the Circumstances which have given to England such strong Grounds of Uneasiness and Jealousy, and that you speak of these Explanations as being of a Nature to bring our Two Countries nearer, I have been unwilling to convey to you the Notification stated above, without, at the same Time, explaining myself clearly and distinctly on the Subject of what you have communicated to me, though under a Form which is neither regular nor Official.

Your Explanations are confined to Three Points. '

The First is that of the Decree of the National Convention of the 19th November, in the Expressions, of which, all England saw the formal Declaration of a Design to extend universally the now Principles of Government adopted in France, and to encourage Disorder and Revolt in all Countries, even in those which are neutral. If this Interpretation, which you represent as injurious to the Convention, could admit of any Doubt, it is but too well justified by the Conduct of the Convention itself: And the Application of these Principles to the King's Dominions has been shewn unequivocally, by the Public Reception given to the Promoters of Sedition in this Country, and by the Speeches made to them precisely at the Time of this Decree, and since on several different Occasions.

Yet notwithstanding all these Proofs, supported by other Circumstances which are but too notorious, it would have been with Pleasure that we should have seen'here such Explanations and such a Conduct as would have satisfied the Dignity and Honour of England with respect to what has already passed; and would have offered a sufficient Security in future for the Maintenance of that Respect towards the Rights, the Government, and the Tranquillity of neutral Powers, which they have on every Account the Right to expect.

Neither this Satisfaction, nor this Security, is found in the Terms of an Explanation which still declares to the Promoters of Sedition in every Country, what are the Cases in which they mayoount beforehand on the Support and Succour of France; and which reserves to that Country the Right of mixing herself in our internal Affairs, whenever she shall judge it proper, and on Principles incompatible with the political Institutions of all the Countries of Europe. No one can avoid perceiving how much a Declaration like this is calculated to encourage Disorder and Revolt in every Country. No one can be ignorant how contrary it is to the Respect which is reciprocally due from independent Nations, nor how repugnant to those Principles which the King has followed on His Part, by abstaining at all Times from any Interference whatever in the internal Affairs of France; and this Contrast is alone sufficient to shew, not only that England cannot consider such an Explanation as satisfactory, but that she must look upon it as a fresh Avowal of those Dispositions which she sees with so just an Uneasiness and Jealousy.

I proceed to the Two other Points of your Explanation, which concern the general Disposition of France with regard to the Allies of Great Britain, and the

28° JanuariL

109

the Conduct of the Convention and its Officers relative to the Scheldt. The Declaration which you there make, that France will not. attack Holland so long as that Power shall observe an exact Neutrality,- is conceived nearly in the same Terms with that which you was charged to make in the Name of his Most Christian Majesty, in the Month of June last. Since that First Declaration was made, an Officer, stating himself to be employed in the Service of , has openly

violated both the Territory and the Neutrality of the Republic, in going up the Scheldt to attack the Citadel of Antwerp, notwithstanding the Determination of the Government not to grant this Passage, and the formal Protest by which they opposed it. Since the same Declaration was made, the Convention has thought itself authorized to annul the Rights of the Republic exercised within the Limits of its own Territory, and enjoyed by virtue of the same Treaties by which her Independence is secured; and at the very Moment when, under the Name of an amicable Explanation, you renew to me in the same Terms the Promise of respecting the Independence and the Rights of England and her Allies, you announce to me, that those in whose Name you speak intend to maintain these open and injurious Aggressions.

It is not, certainly, on such a Declaration as this that any Reliance can be placed for the Continuance of Public Tranquillity.

But I am unwilling to leave, without a more particular Reply, what you Say on the Subject of the Scheldt. If it were true that this Question is in itself of little Importance, this would only serve to prove more clearly, that it was brought forward only for the Purpose of insulting the Allies of England, by the Infraction of their Neutrality, and by the Violation of their Rights, which the Faith of Treaties obliges us to maintain. But you cannot be ignorant, that here the utmost Importance is attached to those Principles which France wishes to establish by this Proceeding, and to those Consequences which would naturally result from them, and that not only those Principles and those Consequences will never be admitted by England, but that she is, and ever will be, ready to oppose them with all her Force.

France can have no Right to annul the Stipulations' relative to the Scheldt, unless she have also the Right to set aside equally all the other Treaties between all the Powers of Europe, and all the other Rights of England, or of her Allies. She can even have no Pretence to interfere in the Question of opening the Scheldt, unless she were the Sovereign of the Law Countries, or had the Right to dictate Laws to all Europe.

England never will consent that France shall arrogate the Power of annulling at her Pleasure, and under the Pretence of a pretended natural Right, of which she makes herself the only Judge, the Political System of Europe, established by solemn Treaties, and guaranteed by the Consent of all the Powers. This Government, adhering to, the Maxims which it has followed far more than a Century, will also never see with Indifference, that France shall make herself, either directly or indirectly, Sovereign of the Low Countries, or general Arbitress of the Rights and Liberties of Europe. If France is really desirous of maintaining Friendship and Peace with England, she must shew herself disposed to renounce her Views of Aggression and Aggrandizement, and to confine herself within her own Territory, without insulting other Governments, without disturbing their Tranquillity, without violating their Rights.

With respect to that Character, of Ill-will which is endeavoured to be found in the Conduct of England towards France, I cannot discuss it, because you speak of it in general Terms only, without alledging a single Fact. All Europe has seen the Justice and the Generosity which have characterized the Conduct of

Vol. 48.

the King. His Majesty has- always been- desirous of Correspond. Peace; He desires it still, but such as may be real and ^ChauveUu solid, and consistent with the Interests and Dignity of "<1 Lord* His own Dominions, and with the general Security Grenville. of Europe.

On the rest of your Paper, I say nothing. As to what relates to me and my Colleagues, the King's Ministers owe to His Majesty the Account of their Conduct, and I have no Answer to give to you on this ‘ Subject, any more than on that of the Appeal which you propose to make to the English Nation.

This Nation, according to that Constitution by which its Liberty and its Prosperity are secured, and which it will always be able to defend against every Attack, direct or indirect, will never have with Foreign Powers Connection or Correspondence, except through the Organ of its King; of a King whom it loves and reveres, and who has never, for an Instant, separated His Rights, His Interests, and His Happiness, from the Rights, the Interests, and the Happiness of His People.

I have the Honour to be, &c.

Grenville.

TRANSLATION of a Note from Monsieur Chauvetin to Lord Grenville', dated 7th January 1793. (Original returned.)

The undersigned Minister Plenipotentiary from the French Republic has transmitted to the Executive Council the Answer which his Excellency Lord Grenville has addressed to him on his Note of the 27th December. He has thought it his Duty not to wait for the Instructions which will be the necessary Result of it, in order to transmit to that Minister the new Orders which he has received from the Executive Council. The Declaration which Lord Grenville has made to him, that His Br Majesty did not acknowledge him as Minister Plenipotentiary from the French Republic, has not appeared to him as if it ought to prevent him. This Declaration cannot in any Respect alter or destroy the Quality of Delegate from the French Government, with which the undersigned is evidently invested, or hinder him, in such decisive Circumstances, from addressing to the Ministers of His Britannick Majesty, in the Name of the French People, of which he is the Organ, the following Note:

The Executive Council of the French Republic has been informed that the British Parliament is about to pass a Law relative to Foreigners, the rigorous Provisions of which will subject them to Measures the more arbitrary, as the Secretaries of State of His Britannick Majesty will have the Liberty of restraining or extending them, according to their Views and their Pleasure. The Executive Council, knowing the religious Fidelity of the English People in fulfilling their Engagements, could not but suppose that the French would be expressly excepted from this Law. The Treaty of Navigation and of Commerce, concluded in 1786 between the Two States, ought formally to secure them from it. This Treaty stipulates,

Article 4.

" The Subjects and Inhabitants of the respective " Dominions of the Two Sovereigns shall have Liberty to come and go freely and securely, without Licence or Passport,'general or special, by Land " or by Sea, and to return from thence, to remain " there, or to pass through the same, and therein to " buy and purchase, as they please, all Tilings necessary for their Subsistence and Use, and they shall " mutually be treated with all Kindness and Favour.

" Provided however, &c. &C;"

But instead of finding in the Bill proposed a just Exception in Favour of France, the Executive Council

F f has

lip 28° Jarmorii. A. 1793.

Correspond- ifeas been jconviqced, fey positive Declarations DM.de ip ence.bstww ,the Tw,o Houses of Parliament, by Ministerial E&pja-und"^rdelin Aafeons epd Interpretations, that this Project of a Law, Grfinvdie. under a general Term of Designation, was principally directed against the French.

When the British Ministry has proposed a Taw which would so expressly violate the Treaty of Commerce, when they have openly announced their Inception of putting it into Execution against the French plone, their first Cjare must, no Doubt, have beep to attempt to cover this extraordinary Measure with an Appearance of Necessity, and to prepare before Hand p Justification, sooner or later necessary, by loading the French Nation with Reproaches; by representing it to the English People as an Enemy of its Constitution; by accusing it, without beir^ able to furnish apy Proof, and in the most injurious Terms, with haying sought to foment Troubles in England. The Executive Council has already repelled with Indignation such Suspicions. If some Men, cast out from the Bosom of France, have spread themselves in Great Britain with the criminal Intention of agitating the People, of leading them to revolt, has not Etiglandl^ws to protect the Public Order? Could she not punish them ? The Republic would assuredly not have interposed in their Favour. — Such Men are not Frenchmen.

Reproaches so little founded, Imputations so insidious, will with Difficulty succeed in justifying in the Eyes of Europe a Conduct, the Comparison of which with that constantly held by France toward? Great Britain will suffice to demonstrate its Injustice and its Malevolence. The French Nation, become free, ha? not only not ceased to express in all Forms it? Desire to strengthen its Connection with the English People, but it has realized this Desire with all its Power, by receiving as Allies, as Brothers, all the Individual? of the English Nation. In the Midst of the Combats of Liberty and of Despotism, in the Midst of the most violent Agitations, it has honoured itself by a religious Respect for all Foreigners residing witfrin it, and particularly for the English, whatever might be their Opinions, their Conduct, and their Connections with the Enemies of Liberty; every where they have bean assisted, succoured with every Kin<ji <?f Benevolence and Favour; and it would be as the Reward for this, generous Conduct that the French would find themselves perhaps alone subjected to an Act of Parliament, which would grant to the English Government the most arbitrary Latitude of Authority against Foreigners, which would subject them to the taking Licences or Passports for coming, going, and remaining in which would allow the Secretaries of State to them without Reasons, and on g mere Suspicion, to the

rppst odious Forms, to the Circuit, the Bounds of which they could not pass, and even to cast them out of the territory of Great Britain at their Pleasure.

It is evident, that all these Clauses are contrary to the Lettes of the Treaty of Commerce, the Fourth Article of which extends to all Frenchmen without Distinction; and it is too much to be feared, that ii* Consequence of the Determination which His Britannick Majesty has thought it right to take, of breaking off all Communication between the Governments of the Two Countries, even the French Merchants may find themselves, frequently unable to avail themselves of the Exception which the Bill Iras made in Favour of those who " shall prove that they came, to England for Affairs " of Commerce "

It is tfens that the British Government has. first chosen to break a Treaty to which England owes a great Part of its actual Prosperity, burthejisome to France, wrested by Address and Ability from the Unskilfulness or from the Corruption of the Agents, of a Government it has destroyed; a Treaty, which it-has, however, never ceased to Qjt>?erve religiously; apd it is at the very Moment when France is. accused.

in the British Parliament of violating Treaties, that the Public Conduct of the Two Governments offere a Contrast so proper to justify the retorting -the Accusation.

All the Powers of Europe would have a Right, doubtless, to complain of the Hardship of this Bill, if ever it obtained the Foroe of Law; hut it is France especially, the Inhabitants of which, secured from its Penalties by a solemn Treaty, appear nevertheless to be exclusively menaced by them; it is France that has the Right to pretend to a moire speedy and more particular Satisfaction-.

The Executive Council might immediately have accepted the Rupture of the Treaty which the English Government seems to have held out to it; but it was unwilling to- precipitate any of its Measures; and it has chosen, before it makes known its definitive Resolution, to afford the British Ministry the Opportunity of a frank and candid Explanation. The undersigned has received Orders, in consequence, to demand of Lord Grenville to inform him by a speedy, clear, and categorical Answer, whether, under the general Denomination of Foreigners, in the Bill on which the Houses are occupied, the Government of Great Britain means likewise to include the French

(Signed)

Porfman Square,

7 th January 1793 5 Second Year of the French Republic.

TRANSLATION of a Note from Lord Grenville to Monsieur January 7th

1793*

After the formal Notification which the undersigned has already had the Honour of making to Monsieur Chauvelin, he finds himself obliged to send back to him the inclosed Paper, which he received from him this Morning, and which he cannot but consider as being totally inadmissible, Monsieur Chauvelin assuming therein a Character which is not acknowledged.

(Signed) Grenville.

Whitehall,

January 7th, 1793.

TRANSLATION of a Letter from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, dated 7th January 1793; received 9th.

Portman Square7th January 1793, Second Year of the French Republic.

My Lord?

The King of England hue prohibited, by s Proclamation of the 15th November, the Exportation of Grain and Flour. Several Vessels lawfully freighted, and ready to depart for France, the Government whereof had ordered considerable Purchases of those Commodities in the Ports of England, have been stopped, notwithstanding the Law which enacts that the Ports shall not be shut till Fifteen Days after the Date of the Proclamation; and the British Ministry have themselves acknowledged the Irregularity of some of their Measures, by applying to Parliament for an Act of Indemnity. However the French Government, relying at that Time oathe good Dispositions, of the British Ministry* beheld in those Measures of Vigour only the Effect, of the Foresight and Wisdom of the English Administration, and did not think it necessary-to remonstrate.

Another Proclamation, which soon followed the-First, excepted all Foreign Wheat from the Prohibition of Exportation.; it. was guaranteeing to all Europe^ the Security of Transports, by removing, in an authentic. and., solemn Manner, all the Doubts, to which-

the

35 Oe6. III. 28° Jmuam. Ill

the First Proclamation might have 'grrteto ri?e; ft waS ensuring tt) rite English Commerce a considerable Rfe-poeitory; it Was -above all distinguishing the Ports of Great Britain as a sabred Asylum for such Vessels laden with Grain, and destined for France, as, for their Convenience, or by Necessity, riiight be in the Case of stepping in their coarse.

Four Weeks after that Declaration, some Vessels laden with Fbreigh Grain, on Account Of Fraiice, Were stopped in the English Ports; and When the Merchants who were commissioned made their Claims, they were Coldly answered, that it was by Order of Government.

France, my Lord, might still have persuaded herself that some recent and unexpected Information upon the State of Provisions in Great Britain had obliged Administration to take such extraordinary Measures; but the English Government itself took Care to prove to Europe that it had no other Motive thati an hostile Partiality against France, if it is true that the Custom Houses received Orders to permit the Exportation of Foreign Wheat to all Ports except those of Trance.

This Fact, my Lord, has been attested to me by respectable Authorities; and howevfer accumulated may be the Marks of Malevolence and Jealousy which France has seen for some Time in the Conduct of the British Cabinet, I still harbour Doubts of it. I should, the First Moment of my knowing it, have waited upon you, my Lord, to be assured from yoursClf of its Certainty, or of its Falsehood, if the Determination taken by his Britannick Majesty, in the present Circumstances, to break off all Communication between the Governments of the Two Countries, had not rendered friendly and open Steps the more difficult, ih Proportion £s they became the more necessary.

But I considered, my Lord, that When the' Question of War or Peace arose between Two powerful Nations, that which manifested the Desire' of attending to all Explanations, that which strove the longest to preserve the last Link of Union and Friendship, Was the only One which appeared truly worthy, and truly great. 1 beseech you, my Lord, in the Name of Public Faith, in the Name of Justice and of Humanity,- to explain to me Facts which I will not characterize, and Which' the trench Nation would take for granted by your Silence only, or by the Refusal of an Answer.

Think, my Lord, that in the Bosom of Peace, far from all Appearance of War, the Government

has profited of foe good Faith of the Merchants' of Europe,' and of foe Security of a neighbouring and friendly Nation-, to bring into its Ports those Commodities of which it supposed or knew the Want in that Country, if now that same Ministry should take Advantage of the First hostile Measures, Which they had either taken themselves, or' provoked, to detain such Commodities; in the Hope perhaps, that in the Midst of the Agitations of that Country it Would suffice to excite the FeaT of Want to create it — they would only obtain, as foe Reward of such art Act of Perfidy, even by the Success of their Pnterprize, foe Shame of having employed Means, Which even in the Midst of a terrible War an enlightened and generous Nation must abhor, and of having sunk the Credit of the English Commerce, by violating the sacred Asylum of its Markets.

I' have the Honour, &c.

TRANSXATION of a Letter from Loftf Grenville to Monsieur , 9th January

*793-

At Whitehall, the 9th January" 1793.

It was not till Today, Sir, that I received your Letter of the 7th of this Month, relative to certain Vo l.48.

Meafetirfes taken here wtth reject to the Exportation of Cotrwpond-Gfdin. . , e?ce between

In the private Conversation which we had the 29th M-Chauveiio of November, ih consequence of your Desire, I in- Grenville formed you that the King's Ministers would not decline receiving non-official Communications, which, Without deciding the Question eifoeir of foe Acknowledgment of the new Government in France, or of receiving a Minister accredited by her, might offer the means of removing the Misunderstand i tig which already manifested itself between the Two Countries.

It has been thought preferable in to bring

forward Difficulties of Form; and the First Communication, which i received from you, after that Communication, was that of the Note of the 27th December, to which I have already answered. I do not know ip what Capacity you address me the Letter which 1 have just received; but ip every Case, it would be necessary to know the Resolutions which shall have been taken in France, in consequence of what has already passed, before 1 can enter into any new Explanations, especially with respect to Measures founded in a great Degree on those Motives of Jealousy and Uneasiness which I have already detailed to you.

I have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Grenville.

TRANSLATION of a Note from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, 11th January 1793; received 12th. (Original returned.)

The undersigned Minister Plenipotentiary of the French Republic has given an Account to the Executive Council, of the Form in which Lord Grenville haS been authorized to reject foe Explanation which has been offered him in the Name and on Behalf of the Executive Council, oh the Subject of the Law relative so Foreigners. The Undersigned, until he has fresh Instructions from foe Council, thinks it his Duty not to delay to conform himself to those which he has already received, in declaring to Lord Grenville, that the French Republic cannot but regard the Conduct of the English Government as a manifest Infraction of the Treaty of Commerce concluded between the Two Powers, and that consequently she ceases to consider herself as bound by that Treaty, and that she regards it from this Moment as tbroken and annulled.

(Signed)

TRANSLATION of a Note from Mr. Aust to Monsieur Chauvelin, 13th Jahuary 1793k

Mr. Aust is charged to send back to Monsieur Chauvelin the inclosed: Paper, received Yesterday at the Office for Foreign Affairs.

Whitehall,

13th January 1793.

TRANS L AT 1*0 N of a Letter from Mon-sietir Chauvelin to Lord Grenville, January 12th 1793.

My Lord,

I have this Instant received a- Messenger from France, who has brought foe'an Answer to your Letter of the 31st. It appears to nie,- that a Conversation with you would be the most suitable Fortri of- communicating this Answer to you; I havel the Honour to beg, my Lord, that you will grant it me'as soon as possible. As I shall not attach any Importance to the

Form

28° yanuarii. A. 1793.

Correspond- Form of this private Conversation, I cannot imagine, ence between especially after your last Letter of the 9th, you will see

end^Lord*1"1 consenting to it.

Grenville. I have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed)

Portman Square, 12th January 1793, the Second Year of the Republic.

TRAN SLAT ION of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Monsieur January 13th

*793-

Whitehall, 13th January 1793, Half past One, P. M.

Cdnformably with what I have already intimated to you, Sir, I have the Honour to inform you, that I shall make no Difficulty to receive from you a non-official Communication in Answer to my Letter of the 31st December: But I cannot avoid, under Circumstances so critical, to beg that you will put in Writing what you have to communicate to me, in order that I may be certain of not being under any Mistake in the Account which it will be my Duty to give of this particular Communication. I will therefore beg of you to come to the Office for Foreign Affairs as soon as it may be convenient to you.

I have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Grenville.

Monsieur Chauvelin.

TRANSLATION of a Letter from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord dated

13th January 1793.

Portman Square, 13th January, the Second Year of the Republic.

My Lord,

The Communication which 1 had the Honour to propose to make to you is already committed to Writing. I shall immediately repair to your Office to carry it to you.

I have the Honour, &c.

F.

Lord Grenville.

4

TRANSLATION of a Paper delivered by Monsieur Chatcoelin to Lord Grenville, January 13th, 1793.

Copy of the Paper addressed by Monsieur le Brun to Monsieur Chauvelin, the 8th January, to be communicated to Lord Grenville.

The Provisional Executive Council of the French Republic, previous to their answering in a more particular Manner each of the Heads comprized in the Note which has been remitted to them on the Part of the Ministry of His Britannick Majesty, will begin by renewing to the said Ministry, the most express Assurances of their sincere Desire of preserving Peace and Harmony between France and England.

The Sentiments of the French Nation towards the English have been manifested during the whole course of the Resolution in so constant, so unanimous a Manner, that there cannot remain the smallest Doubt of the Esteem which it has vowed them, and of its Desire of having them for Friends. It is therefore with the greatest Repugnancy the Republic would see herself forced to a Rupture, much more contrary to her own Inclination than to her Interest Before we come to such an unpleasant Extremity, Explanations are necessary; and the Matter is of so high an Importance, that the Executive Council did not think it proper to trust

it to the ever-unacknowledged Ministry of a secret Agent; hence they have deemed it to be expedient in all Points to charge Citizen Chauvelin with it, though he be no otherwise acknowledged before His Britannick Majesty, than on the late King's Account.

The Opinion of the Executive Council was justified on this Occasion, by the Manner in which our Nego-ciations were at the same Time transacted in Spain, where Citizen Bourgoing was exactly in the same Situation as Citizen Chauvelin at yet this did not

prevent the Ministers of his Catholic Majesty from treating with him for a Convention of Neutrality, the Declaration of which is to be exchanged at Paris, between the Minister for Foreign Affairs, and the Spanish Chargt dAffaires. We will even add, that the Prime

Minister of his Catholic Majesty, in writing officially on this Subject to Citizen Bourgoing, did not forget to dve him his Title of Minister Plenipotentiary from France. The Example of a Power of the First Order, such as Spain, induced the Executive Council to hope to find the same Facility at London. However, the Executive Council freely own, that this Demand of Negociations has not all the Rigour of Diplomatic Form, and that Citizen ChauveHn is not regularly enough authorized. In order to remove this Obstacle^ entirely, to discard every Reproach of having stopped, by the mere Want of Formality, a Negotiation, on the Success of which the Tranquillity of Two great Nations is depending, they have taken the Resolution of sending Letters of Credence to Citizen Chauvelin, which would furnish him with the Means of treating in all the Severity of Diplomatic Forms.

Now, to come to the Three Points which can alone make an Object of Difficulty at the Court of the Executive Council observe, respecting the First, which is the Decree of the 19th 6f November, that we have not been properly understood by the Ministry of His Britannick Majesty, when they accuse us of having given an Explanation which announces to the Seditious of all Nations what are the Cases in which they may previously count on the Support and Assistance of Prance. Nothing could be more foreign than this Reproach to the Sentiments of the National Convention, and to the Explanation we have given of them; and we did not think that it were possible we should be charged with the open Design of favouring the Seditious, at the very Moment when we declare, that it weuld be wronging the National Convention if they were charged with the Project of protecting Insurrections, and with the Commotions that may break out in any Corner of a State, of joining the Ringleaders, and of thus making the Cause of a few private Individuals that of the French Nation.

We have said, and we desire to repeat it, that the Decree of the 19th of November could not have any Application, unless to the single Case in which the general Will of a Nation, clearly and unequivocally expressed, should call the French Nation to its Assistance and Fraternity. Sedition can certainly never be construed into the general Will. These two Ideas mutually repel each other, since a Sedition is not and cannot be any other than the Movement of a small Number against the Nation at large; and this Movement would cease' to be seditious, provided all the Members of a Society should at once rise, either to correct their Government, or to change its Form toto, or for any other Object

The Dutch were assuredly not seditious when they formed the generous Resolution of shaking off the Yoke of Spain', and when the general Will of that Nation called for the Assistance of France, it was not reputed a Crime in Henry the Fourth, or in Elizabeth of England, to have listened to them. The Knowledge of the general WiU is the only Basis of the Transactions of Nations with each other; and we can only tfeat with any Government whatever on this Principle, That

33 Ge6. Ilf. 28 0 yanuariuI

such a Government is deetiied the Organ of the general Will of the Nation governed.

Thus, when by this natural Interpretation the De-creee of the 19th of November is reduced to what it truly implies, it will be found, that it announced nothing more than an Act of the general Will, and that beyond any Doubt, and so effectually fobnded in Right, that it was scarcely worth thfe Trouble to express it. On this Account, the Executive Council thinks that the Evidence of this Right might perhaps have been dispensed with by the National Convention, and did not deserve to be made the Object of a particular Decree. But with the Interpretation which precedes it, it cannot give Uneasiness to any Nation whatever.

It appears that the Ministers of His Britannick Majesty have nothing to object to the Declaration relative to Holland, since the single Observation made by them

on that Subject belongs to the Discussion of the Scheldt. It is this last Point, therefore, to which we are confined.

We repeat it, this Question is in itself of little Moment. The Ministers of Great Britain conclude thkt it only serves to prove more clearly, that it was brought forward merely for the Purpose of insulting the Allies of England, 8cc. We shall reply with much less Warmth and Prejudice, that this Question is absolutely indifferent to England; that it is of little Importance to Holland-, but that it is extremely important to the Belgians. That it is indifferent to England it is not necessary to prove; and its trivial Import to Holland is evinced by this Fact, that the Productions of the Belgians pass equally by the Cartals which terminate at Ostend. Its great Importance to the Belgians is proved by the numerous Advantages the Port of Antwerp presents to them. Tis therefore on Account of this Importance, 'tis to restore to the Belgians the Enjoyment of so precious a Right, and not to offend any one, that France has declared berseif ready to support them in the Exercise of so legitimate a Right.

But is France authorized to break the Stipulations which are opposed to the Liberty of the Scheldt ? If the Rights of Nature and those of Nations are consulted, not France alone, all the Nations of Europe are authorized to do it---- there can be no Doubt of it.

If we consult Public Law, we shall say that it ought to be nothing but the Application of the Principles of the general Rights of Nations to the particular Circumstances in which Nations are placed with regard to each other; inso much that every particular Treaty repugnant to such Principles can only be regarded as the Work of Violence. We moreover add, in relation to the Scheldt, that this Treaty was concluded without the Participation of the Belgians. The Emperor, to secure the Possession of the Low , sacrificed

without Scruple the most inviolable of Rights. Master of those fine Provinces, he governed them, as Europe has seen, with the Rod of absolute Despotism, respected only those of their Privileges which it imported him to preserve, and destroyed or perpetually struggled against the rest. France enters into War with the House of Austria, expels it from the Low Countries, and calls back to Freedom those People whom the Court of Vienna had devoted to Slavery; their Chains are broken; they re-enter into all the Rights which the House of Austria had taken away from them- How can that which they possessed with respect to the Scheldt be excepted, particularly when that Right is only of Importance to those who are-deprived of it? For what remains, France has too good a Political Creed to be afraid to avow the Principles of it. The Executive Council declares, not with a View of yielding to some Expressions of threatening Language, but solely to render Homage to Truth, that the French Republic does not intend to erect itself into an universal Arbitrator of the Treaties which bind Nations. She will know how to respect other Governments, as she will Vol. 48.

take Care to make her own respected. She does not wish to impose Laws upon any one, and will hot suffer any one to impose Laws upon her. She haS renounced, and again renounces, every Conquest; and hfef Occupation of the Low Countries shall only continue during the War, and the Time which may be necessary to the Belgians to ensure and consolidate their Liberty; after which let them be independent and happy, France will find her Recompence in their Felicity.

When that Nation shall be found in the full Enjoyment of Liberty; when its general Will Can lawfully declare itself without Shackles; then if England and Holland still attach some Importance to the opening of the Scheldt, they may pdt the Affair into a direct Ne-gociation with Belgia. If the , by any Motive

whatever, consent to deprive themselves of the Navigation of the Scheldt, France wiH not oppose it; she! will know how to respect their Independence, even irt their Errors.

After so. frank a Declaration, which manifests such a sincere Desire of Peace, His Britannick Majesty's Ministers ought not to have any Doubts with regard to the Intentions of France. If her Explanations appear insufficient, and if we are still obliged to hear a haughty Language; if hostile Preparations are continued in the English Ports; after having exhausted every Means to preserve Peace, we will prepare for War, with a Sense of the Justice of our Cause, and of our Efforts to avoid this Extremity: — We will fight the English, whom we esteem, with Regret, but we will fight them without Fear.

A Copy conformable to the Original.

(Signed) F. ChaieoeUn.

TRANSLATION of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, January 18th 1793.

Whitehall, January i 8th 1793.

I have examined, Sir, with the greatest Attention, the Paper Which you delivered to me on the yth of this Month. I cannot conceal from you that X have found nothing satisfactory in the Result of that Note. The Explanations it contains are confined dearly to the same Points to which I have already given a detailed Answer. The Declaration of an Intention to interfere in the internal Affairs of other Countries is there renewed. No Mention is made either of Disavowal or Reparation for the offensive Measures Stated in my Letter to you of the 31st December. And the Claim is still reserved of a Right to annul Treaties, and to violate the Rights of our Allies; there being only offered on this Subject an illusory Negociation, which is referred, as well as the Evacuation of the Low Countries by the French Armies, to the indefinite Period, not only of the Conclusion of the War, but also of the Consolidation of what is called the Liberty of the Belgic People.

It is added, that if these Explanations should appear to us unsatisfactory; if you are again Obliged to hear the Language of Haughtiness; if hostile Preparations are continued in the Ports of England, after having exhausted every Thing which could lead to Peace, yoa will dispose yourselves to War.

If this Notification, or that which related to the Treaty of Commerce, had been made to me in a regular and Official Form, I should have found myself obliged to answer, that a Threat of declaring War against England, because she thinks proper to augment her Forces, as well as a Declaration of breaking a solemn Treaty, becaus o'England has adopted, for her own

Security, Precautions of the same Nature as those which are already established in France, could neither of them be considered in any other Light than that of new Offences, which, while they subsisted, would preclude flll Negociation,

G g In

Corretpoikl~ tnet between M.Chauvelirt and Lord GfciftilU*

114 2£r yamt am. 1793*

Correspond- In this Form of Unofficial Communication, I feel M^hauvelitt ^Wkl maF still be allowed me to tell you, without and tonJY*Haughtiness* but also without Disguise, that these £x-Grtn«ille. plarwtions are not judged satisfactory; and that all the Reasons which have occasioned our Preparations still subsist. I have already made these Reasons known to you by my Letter of the 31st December, in which I have stated, in precise Terms, what Dispositions could alone contribute to the Maintenance of Peace and good Understanding. 1 do not see that it can be useful towards the Object of Conciliation to continue to discuss with you in this Form a few separate Points, on which 1 have already made known to you our Sentiments. If you had any Explanations to give me in the Satne Form, embracing all the Objects which I mentioned to you in my Letter of the 31st December, and all the Circumstances of the present Crisis, with respect to England) to its Allies, and to the general System of Europe, I should still willingly lend myself to it.

I feel, however, that in answer to what you say on the Subject of our Preparations, I ought to inform you in the most express Terms, that under the existing Circumstances, all those Measures will be persisted in here which shall be judged expedient for enabling us to protect the Security, the Tranquillity, and the Rights of this Country, to support those of our Allies, and to oppose a Barrier to Views of Ambition and Aggrandizement always dangerous to the rest of Europe; but which become much more so when they are supported by the Propagation of Principles destructive of all Order and Society.

' I have the Honour to be, Sir,

Your most obedient,

humble Servant,

Grenville.

TRANSLATION of a Letter from Mon. sieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville; dated 17th January 1793.

Portman Square, 17th January 1793, Second Year of the French Republic.

My Lord*

t have the Honour of addressing myself to you, to beg of you to grant me an Interview. I shall proceed to explain the Motives of this Request, and you will judge them to be such as will not admit of Delay. I shall first desire of you, my Lord, Security for my Communications with the French Government. Whatever may big the Character which you acknowledge Kje to possess, you have at least never doubted of the Authenticity of the Declarations which I have transmitted to you in the Name of the French Nation. I will therefore propose to you, my Lord, either abso-. lutely to refuse hearing me, or to give Orders for my Couriers to be respected, and the Secrecy of my Letters, as well of those sent as received, to be observed.

I will then, my Lord, require to be informed whether His Britannick Majesty will receive my Letters of Credence, and if He be satisfied with the Declarations contained in the Paper which I had the Honour of transmitting to your Lordship last Sunday. 1 have hot only received fresh Orders from the Executive Cpungil of France, to insist upon a speedy and definitive Answer; but there is yet another Reason which urgently presses for the Decision of His Britannick Majesty. — I have learnt this Day, that the Law relating to Foreigners obliges them to make their Declaration within Ten Days after the 10th of January, and in case of any Foreigner, who is amenable to this Law, neglecting or refusing to make such Declaration, the Magistrates of this Country would be authorized not only to require him to do so, but even to imprison him. I know, my Lord, and all those who understand the Rights of Nations know it also, that I

cannot be implicated in this Law: The avowed and acknowledged Organ of a Government which executes Laws to which Twenty-five Million of Men have submitted themselves, my Person is, and ought to be, sacred; and even under my diplomatic Character* my Lord, I could not be ranked among the general com* noon Class of Foreigners, until His Britannick Majesty: should have definitively rejected tire Letters of Credence which He knows I have received for Him. But had I been implicated in this Law, I owe to the Government of a free and powerful Nation, which I represent, this Declaration, that it would be impossible for me to submit to it; and that all the Persecutions which it might please His Britannick Majesty to make me endure, would fall upon the French Nation, in whose Cause and fer whose Sake it would be my Glory to suffer.

After this candid Declaration, my Lord, thinking myself entitled to an equal Sincerity on your Side, I will desire of you, in the Conversation which I solicit, to inform me, what is the Conduct which His Britannick Majesty's Ministers mean to hold with respect to me, and with respect to the Persons who compose my Household, in consequence of the Law against Foreigners.

I have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed) F. Chauvelin.

TRANSLATION of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin,20th January

»793-

Whitehall, 20th January 1793.

I have received, Sir, your Letter of the 17th of this Month.

I have already informed you, that His Majesty hay reserved to Himself the Right of deciding, according as He shall think fit, on the Two Questions, of acknowledging a new Form of Government in France, and of receiving a Minister accredited on the Part of any other Authority in France than that of his Most Christian Majesty. And in Answer to the Demand which yoti now make to me, Whether His Majesty will receive your new Letters of Credence ? I am to inform you, that His Majesty does not think fit, under the present Circumstances, to receive those Letters.

The Demand which you make to me is equally incompatible with the Form of an Unofficial Communication, and with the Character in which you have hitherto been acknowledged, of Minister from his Most Christian Majesty. It only remains for me then, on the Subject of your Letter, especially after what has just passed in France, to inform you, that as Agent, charged with a Confidential Communication, you might certainly have expected the necessary Measures on our Part for the Safety of your Letters, and of your Messengers; that es Minister from the Most Christian King, you would have enjoyed all the Exemptions which the Law grants to Public Ministers, recognized as such; but that as a private Person, you cannot but return to the general Mass of Foreigners resident in England.

I have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Grenville.

TRANSLATION of a Letter from Lord Grenville to Monsieur Chauvelin, January 24th 1793.

Whitehall, January 24th 1793.

I am charged to notify to you, Sir, that the Character with which you had been invested at this Court, and the Functions of which have been so long suspended, being now entirely terminated, by the fatal* Death of his late Most Christian Majesty, you have no more any Public Character here.

°3 The

33 Geo. IIf. £8° — 31° 1

The King can no longer, after such an Event, permit your Residence here. His Majesty has thought fit to order, that you should retire from this Kingdom within the Term of Eight Days; and I herewith transmit to Vou a Copy of the Order which His Majesty, in His Privy Council, has given to this Effect.

I send you a Passport for yourself and your Suite; and I shall not fail to take all the other necessary Steps, in order that you may return to France, with all the Attentions which are due to the Character of Minister Plenipotentiary from his Most Christian Majesty, which you have exercised at this Court.

I have the Honour to be, &c.

Grenville.

TRANSLATIONof a Letter from Monsieur Chauvelin to Lord Grenville; dated 24th January 1793.

Portman Square 24th January 1793, Second Year of the Republic.

' IVJy Lord,

1 received an Hour ago, through Mr. Aast, the Letter which you have done me the Honour to write to me, together with the Papers annexed to it 1 in* tend to set out Tomorrow Morning for France; those of my Household, who are not able to follow me, will, all have departed before the Period specified in the Order which you have transmitted to me.

The Precautions which you have announced to me as intended to be taken for the Safety of my Departure, will extend themselves assuredly, my Lord, in a more particular Manner, to the Papers of the French Embassy, which have been deposited, in Trust, with me since my Arrival in this Country. Monsieur Rheinhard, who is employed immediately next to me in this Mission, will remain here Five Days after me to put them in Order. I hope you will approve his waiting upon Mr. Aust, to ask of him a Passport nearly of the same Nature with that which 1 have received; and to make several Observations to him with regard to* the Precautions which he may think fitting and necessary to be taken for the safe Conveyance of these Papers, for which he remains responsible.

I have the Honour to be, &c.

(Signed) Chauvelin.

COPY of His Majesty's Order in Council, of the 24th January 1793.

Joins, 31° die januarti;

Anno 33* Georgii III111 Regis, 1793.

Katers.

APETITiON of several Gentletnen, Freehold- Brecknock ers, Manufacturers, and others, of the Counties and Pont y of Brecknock and Monmouth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by Surveys lately taken, . it appears practicable to make a Canal for the Navi-

Sition of Boats and other Vessels, from the Town of recknock, through the several Parishes of Saint John Evangelist, Lldnhamlack, Llanvrynacfi, Llan-

thelty, Llangumder, Llangattock, -

genney, and Llanelley, in the County of Brecknock, and the several Parishes of Llamcenarth ultra, , '

Llahellen, L/anover, Goytre, Llanva

lad, Trevethin, Llanvihangel pont y moile, Panteague,

and Llanorechva, in the County of Monmouth, to join

and communicate with the Monmouthshire Canal, near the Town of Pont y pool, in the said County of Monmouth; and that the making and maintaining such Canal, together with such Navigable Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary, and also proper Rail or Waggon Ways, or Stone Roads, communicating the rewith, will be the means of opening an easy Communication with several considerable Iron Works,

Collieries, Limestone Quarries, and extensive Tracts of Land, abounding with Iron Ore, Coal, Limestone; and other Minerals, and will, in other Respects, be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, Thai Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Canal, and such Navigable Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary, together with proper Rail or Waggon Ways, or Stone Roads, to communicate therewith, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. Morgan, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers and Records.

AT the Court at the Queen's House, the 24th of January 17935 — Present,

The KING'S Most Excellent MAJESTY in Council.

His Majesty in Council is pleased to order, and it is hereby ordered, that Monsieur Chauvelin, who was received by His Majesty, on the Second Day of May 1792, as Minister Plenipotentiary accredited by his late Most Christian Majesty, do depart this Realm on or before the First Day of February next; and that the Right honourable Lord Grenville, His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, do make known this His Majesty's Order to the said Monsieur Chauvelin. (Signed) JV.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Vox.. 48.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and LanvaboH others, of the County of Glanwrgan, was presented to h°a<* the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is not *>et, tion-at present any direct Public Carriage Road from a certain Place called Craig Evan Leyson, in the Parish of Lanvabon, in the said County of Glamorgan, through the several Parishes of Mcrthyrtidvill, Lanvabon, Lan-uonno, Aberdare, and Ystradyvoduck, to (he Confines of the said Parish of Ystradyvoduck;and that, if a safe and commodious Public Carriage Road iVas opened and made in as direct a Line within the Limits aforesaid as conveniently might be, the same would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and all other Persons residing or having Estates near the Course of such Road, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for opening and making such Road as aforesaid, and keeping the same in Repail-, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. Morgan, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

Shrewsbury and Nether Pool Canal Petition.

King's Norton U Stratford upon Avon Canal Petition.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, Owners of Estates or Inhabitants withirr the Counties of Salop and and the City of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Levels and Surveys lately taken and made, it appears that a Canal, navigable for Barges, Boats, and other Vessels of heavy Burthen, may be made from the River Severn, at or near -

bury, in the County of Salop, to the' River Mersey, at of near Nether Pool, in the County of and that

the making of Such Canal with a Branch to Llanymynech, in the County of Salop, another Branch to the Village of Holt, in the County of Denbigh another Branch to the Colliefles at Brumbo, in the said County of Denbigh, and another Branch from a Place called Maestervin Bridge, towards Whitchurch, id the said County of Salop, and from thence to P higher Heath, in the said County of Salop, will open a Communication between the Rivers Severn, Dee, and Mersey, and between the Town of Liverpool, and the County of Lancaster, and the City of Chester, and the Town of Shrewsbury, and the adjacent Country, and be the Means of promoting and increasing the Trade, Commerce, and Agriculture, of those Places in particular, and of the Counties of Chester, Salop, Denbigh, and j Flint, in general, and will likewise be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Navigable Canal, with the Branches thereto, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Hill, Sir Charles Morgan, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papersy and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by a Survey lately taken, it appears that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be conveniently made from the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making, or intended to be made, in the Parish of King's Norton, in the County of Worcester, into the Borough of upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and that a Collateral Cut, navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be conveniently made from such intended Canal, in the Parish of Aston CantlOc, into the Parish of Temple Grafton, in the County of Warwick, and also, another Collateral Cut into the Parish of Tamworth, in the same County; and that the making and maintaining such Canal and Collateral Cut, together with such other Navigable Collateral Cuts as may be judged necessary, and also proper Railways and other Roads to the said intended Canal and Collateral Cuts, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons'residing or having Estates upon or near the Line of such Canal and Cuts, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts as aforesaid, with proper Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Beauchamp, Sir Richard Hill, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons; Papers, and Records.

Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering, the' Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill, near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clanfield, in the County of Oxford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared. to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Leake being examined, said, That the Trustees have' proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended and kept' in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to tiring in a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill, near the Town of to the Cross in

Clanfield, in the county of : And that Mr.

Wigley and the Marquis of BlahdJ'ord do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Stafford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations, of the said Petition, Mr. George Vernon being examined, said, That the amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Utloxeter to the Westwardly Part of Hardiwiclc Heath, in the Parish of Sandon, and the setting out and making a new Road from thenee to the Wolseley Bridge Road, in the Village of and the amending, widening, and repairing the Road from the Village of Millwich to the Wolseley Bridge. Road on the North Side of the Inn in Sandon aforesaid, would be of considerable Benefit and Convenience to all Persons residing or having Estates in that Part of the Country where the Roads pass, and of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Uttoxeter to the Westwardly Part of Hardiwtck Heath, and for setting out and making a new Road from thence to Stoke, near Stone, wid for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Village of Millwich to Sandon, in the County of Stafford: And that Mr. Wigley and the Earl Gower do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Wigley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Glamorganshire Cana), to or near

the

Galley Hill and Cranfiekl Road Petition reported.

Uttoxeter, Stoke, &c. Roads Petition reported.

Glamorgan* shire and Aberdcire Canal Rift pitseiited.

the Village of A be rdare, in the County of and; for making and maintaining a Railway, or Stone Road* from thence to or near in the Parish

of Cadoxtone jnxta Neath, in the said County: And

the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Fos* Naviga- ]Vfr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

PetitionVe- w^om the Petition of Gilbert Crompton, and others, ported. whose Names are thereto subscribed, being the Owners, and Occupiers of Land adjoining to the River Foss, in the City of York, or North Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills and Bills of Drainage, had been complied with,- and that the Committee, had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where, the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Jessop, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That the Course of the River Foss, leading from the City of York to a certain Mill called Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Stillington, in the North Riding of the County of York, is very crooked, and in many Places ' so filled up and choaked with Weeds and Mud that a free Passage for the Water cannot be had, and that by Reason of the frequent Overflowings thereof many Acres of very valuable Land adjoining the said River are greatly injured, and considerable Damage occasioned to the Proprietors thereof: That the Stagnation of Water and Filth arising from the said River in and near the City of York, produces a serious Nuisance to the Inhabitants thereof, and its Suburbs, especially in the Summer Season, which would be entirely removed if the before-.-mentioned Land was drained: That not only an effectual Drainage of the said Land may be obtained, but also the said River may be made navigable from York to Stillington Mill, which would produce many solid Advantages to the City of York, and the neighbouring Towns and Villages through or near which such intended. Navigation would pass, by rendering the Conveyance of Coals, Lime, Corn,. and all Sorts of Merchandize, more easy and expeditious.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for , making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Foss with the River Ouse, at or near the City of York, to Stillington , in the Parish of Stillington, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands lying on each Side of the said River Foss: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Wakefield Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to end Halifax whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for the Care Eoad Peti- anc[ Management of the Turnpike Road from the North tonrepor End of Wakefield Bridge, over the River Colder, through the Town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury Hightoum and Lightcliffe, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had Been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Fourteenth and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for amending and keeping in Repair the said Road, were read: And,

Vol. 48.

Mr. Rowland Ramsden being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed the Sum of 7,440/., which, together with the Tolls granted by the said Acts, have been laid out in the amending and repairing the said Road.

That 'the Terms granted by the said Acts are expired, and the said Money (the Whole of which now remains due) cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the said Acts be revived and continued, the Tolls increased, and some further Powers given for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending certain Acts, of the Fourteenth and Thirtieth Years of King the

Second, so far as relates to repairing the Road from the North End of Wakfield Bridge to Halifax, in the West

Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Common Brewers of the City of Common London and Parts adjacent, whose Names are there- Brewers unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Pet, tion-read; Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings a Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings a Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for granting, other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for other Purposes (herein mentioned, it was enacted, that, from and after the 5th Day of July 1782, the several Rates and Duties then payable for Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, commonly called Table Beer, which should at any Time be brewed by the Common Brewer in England and Wales, should cease and determine, and in Lieu thereof there should thenceforth be raised, levied, collected, and paid, throughout England and Wales, for every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings, exclusive of such Duties, commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the Common Brewer, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, the Sum of Three Shillings to be paid by such Common Brewer; and that, since the passing of the said Act, it has proved that the Price of Eleven Shillings per Barrel, exclusive of the Duty, is not sufficient to support the ESpences, stand against the Common Contingencies of Trade, and afford even a moderate Profit to the Brewer, so that the Brewers of Table Beer have ever since been labouring under great Difficulties, which have gradually increased, owing to the high Price of Malt and Hops, the former of which Articles alone has advanced, on an Average, more than Seven Shillings a Quarter compared with the same Number of Years preceding the passing of the Act, together with the increased Price of Horse Provender, Fuel, and Labour, to which must be added the other unexpected Additions to the Capital of a Brewer, arising froip the great Advance in the Price of Horses, Casks, and other Utensils, and, in consequence, the Trade is now become altogether inadequate to its Expenditure; and that the Petitioners are deterred from endeavouring to alleviate those Grievances by brewing their Liquor of an inferior Quality, being aware that such a Measure would not only draw on them the Complaints of their Customers, but likewise occasion a still more heavy L068 by the Return of their Liqaor, as is the Usage of the Trade; and that many of the Petitioners Customers have requested to be supplied with good Table Beer, for which they are willing to pay a higher Price, but

H h from

from this the Petitioners are restrained by the aforementioned Act, by virtue of which such Beer would become subject to the Strong Beer Duty of Eight Shillings per Barrel: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter the Provisions of the said recited Act, in such Manner that Common Brewers may be authorized to sell Table Beer of a Price of Thirteen Shillings per Barrel, exclusive of the Duty, to such Persons as chuse to have it of that Quality, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to die Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman die

Lord Mayor of London&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Additional A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put

Ham* tou° 'n Execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the

and Staines &e'gn of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for

Road. " amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the " Road from the Guide Post at the West End of the " Town of Hampton, over Suhbury Common, to the " Town of Staines, in the County of ," was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition hath been presented to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill to continue the Term and Powers of the above-mentioned Act; and that, since the Presentment of the said Petition, it has appeared to the Petitioners that it will be necessary that the Number of the Trustees appointed by the said Act should be increased, and the Quorum of the said Trustee* in certain Cases altered, and some further Amendments are necessary to be made, in order more effectually to carry the said Act into Execution: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said intended Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred'to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the " Road from the Guide Post at the West End of the " Town of Hampton, over Common, to the

" Town of Staines, in the County of ," is

referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ludlow A Petition of the Right honourable Edward Lord

Paving, &c. Clive, Nicholas Lechmere Charlton, of Ludford, in the

Petition. County of Hereford, Esquire, Hie Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town or Borough of Ludlmo, in the County of Salop, and several Burgesses and other Inhabitants of the said Town or Borough of,

and the Precincts thereof, in the said County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Streets and other Public Passages and Places within the said Town or Borough and Precincts are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, are subject to various Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and in some Parts are narrow and incommodious for Carnages and Passengers; and that the paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, the said Streete, and other Public Passages and Places in a proper Manner, and removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, would be of great Benefit and Convenience to all Persons residing in, or resorting to, the said Town; and that the taking down and removing Broad Gate and

Cowe Gate, and also several Freehold and Leasehold Messuages or Tenements within the said Town and Precincts, and the forming more commodious Communications between the different Parts thereof, would be very advantageous to the Inhabitants and the Public in general; and if proper Powers were given for stopping up a Lane leading from the Broad Gate to the lower End of a Lane called Merryvale, and for regulating the Drivers of Carts and other Carriages within the said Town and Precincts, it would be of Public Utilityand that the said Lord Clive and Nicholas Lechmere Charlton, are entitled to the Soil of a Common or Parcel of Waste Land called Whitcliff, situate in the Parishes of Bromfeld and Ludford, in the Counties of Salop and Hereford, and on which the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said Town have the Right of Common; and that the said Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Town or Borough are entitled to the Grass and Herbage of a Meadow called Cowe Meadow, situate in the Parish of Bromfeld, in the said County of Salop, from Candlemas to Midsummer, and the Burgesses and Inhabitants have, for Time-immemorial, had the Right of Common thereon from Midsummer-to Candlemas, and the said Burgesses and Inhabitants have, for Time immemorial, had a like Right of Common from Midsummer to Candlemas on a certain Meadow called Portmans Meadow, situate in the Parish of Stanton Lacy, in the said County of; and that the said Lord Clive, Nicholas Lechmere Charlton, the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, and the Burgesse*, and Inhabitants of the said Town and Precincts, are willing to give up their respective Rights on Part of the said Common of Whitcliff and Meadows, and are desirous that the Produce thereof may be applied towards carrying the above Purposes into Execution; add that the said Part of the said Common and Meadows are of very little or no Advantage to the said Lord Clive, Nicholas Lechmere Charlton, the said Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, and the said Burgesses and Inhabitants, but- are capable of great Improvement, and, if the said Part of the said Common and the Cowe Meadow were inclosed and divided, and Portman's Meadow inclosed and let from Midsummer to Candlemas, and the Produce thereof applied towards the Purposes of keeping in Repair the said Pavement, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other Public Passages and Places within the said Town and Precincts, it would be of Benefit to the Petitioners and other Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Lands within the said Town and Precincts; and that the dividing the Manors, Parishes, and Counties on the said Common by a Line of Partition will be for the Benefit of the respective Lords of the different Manors, and of all other Persons interested in the said Common; And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Owen, Sir Richard Hill,

&c.: And they are to meet To morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Weld, Esquire, Lord of the Preston and Manor of Preston and Sutton Pointz, in the County of Sutton Dorset, and Owner of nearly the whole of the Lands and Estates within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, certain Open Common Arable Fields, and also certain Common Downs, Commons,

Marshes, and Waste Lands, which, in their present Si-

02 tuation,

J*

v.

x

fa

33 Geo. III. 31c' Jamiarii.

119

liiation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioner, and the several other Persons interested in the said Open Common Common Downs,

Commons, Marshes, and Waste Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to them, according to their respective hights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Common Downs, Commons, Marshes, and Waste Lands, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Benyon and Mr. Damer do prepare, and bring in the same.

Twifi.nJ a"d ^>etlt, on of the several Persons, whose Names are Bridge lload thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act Pe;itioD. passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from in the County of York,

to East-Marhham Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twiford Bridge in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Progress hath been made in the Execution of the said Act, and a large Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the tea me, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gaily Knight, Mr.

pent, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ulrentone A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

C*nal thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and

Fetition. read; Setting forth, That the Town of in

the County Palatine of Lancaster, is a Place of Trade and Commerce, but, by reason that there is not any Bason, Dock, Wharf, or Pier, at or in which the Shipping and Vessels resorting or trading to the said Town, or adjacent Places, may be conveniently moored or lie, or be loaded or discharged, and because that the said Town is situated at the Distance of Two Miles or upwards from die Sea Beach, the Carriage, Delivery, and Exportation of Goods and Merchandize are expensive and incommodious; and that it would tend greatly to the Benefit, Welfare, and Prosperity of the said Town of Ulverstone, and to the Advantage and Improvement of the Places and Country adjacent, and be a considerable Accommodation to the Merchants and Mariners of the same, if a Navigable Cut or Canal should be made from a Place called Hammer-side Hill, in the Parish of Ulverstone aforesaid, to a Place celled JVeint End, also in the said Parish of Ulverstone; and that the Lands, through which the said Navigable Cut or Canal is intended to pass, lie within the Divi- sion of the Town $nd Hamlet of Ulverstone aforesaid,

id* and the Petitioners are desirous, and have by Subscription amongst themselves and others engaged, to make and form such Navigable Canal or Cut as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from a Place called Hill, in the

Vol. 48.

Parish of Ulverstone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to a Place called Want End, near the Town of Ulverstone aforesaid, with such Powers and Provisions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred, to Mr. Braddyll, Mr. Garforth,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, arid Records.

Mr. George Villiers reported from the Committee, Warwick and to whom, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Birmingham Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of t aaal the Towns of Warwick and Birmingham, and of the tlonrePone County of Warwick and its Vicinity, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred"; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Samuel Bull, an Engineer, being examined, said, That from a Survey he has lately taken, it is practicable to make a Canal for Boats, Barges, and* other Vessels of heavy Burthen from the Town of to the

Town of Birmingham;and that the making of such

Canal, with proper Towing Paths, Railways, Collateral Cuts, and other Works and Requisites, will be the Means of increasing the Trade and Commerce of the County of Warwick and its Neighbourhood, and will also be of Public Utility.

Mr. James Sherriff and Mr. William Felken, being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, a Place called The Saltisford, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Warwick, unto dr near to the Parish of Birmingha, in the County of Warwick, and to terminate at, or near to, a certain Navigable Canal in, or near to the Town of Birmingham, called The Digbeth Branch of 'the and

Birmingham and Fazely Canal Navigations: And that Mr. George Villiers, the Lord Arden, and Mr, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execu- Salford, War-tion an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the rington, &c. Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, Roads intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made in the tion‘

" Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George " the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of " Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places

" called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Dui bury,

" in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for making " more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and also, for making, altering,

" and widening the Road from a Place called South " Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from " thence, through Hilton Lane, to Daxcson Lane End,

" and also, from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to " Singleton Brook, in the said County," and also, of the

Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the said County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the said Act, the Commissioners therein named have caused several Gates

to

to be erected on the Roads therein comprized, at which the Tolls allowed have been collected; and that the said Tolls, at the Time of obtaining the said Act, were, and still are, considerably indebted to divers Persons to whom Mortgages thereof have been theretofore given for securing the Re-payment, with Interest, of Sums by them advanced for the Purpose of making, amending, and repairing the said Roads, and that, after satisfying such Interest as it became due, and defraying all incidental Expences, the Surplusage Money, collected af, and arising from, the said Gates hare been duly laid out by the said Commissioners in repairing the said Roads, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, but the same has been found greatly inadequate to the Purposes thereof; and that the said Commissioners have caused every Exertion to be made, which the Law prescribes, in making, supporting, and repairing the said Roads, but, from the great Increase of Commerce, the Carriage of Merchandize, of Coals, of heavy Materials for Building, and other Purposes, the same are become so burthensome, that, without an Increase of the Tolls, the said Roads cannot be repaired, and must remain in a decayed ruinous State, and wholly unsafe and dangerous to the Public and the Petitioners; and that it - is found by Experience that some of the Gates on the said Road are improperly placed, and might be put in a much more advantageous Situation, and that the Tolls are evaded and lessened for Want thereof; and that, taking into Consideration the great Length of the Road comprized in the said Act, the enormous Expence of making and repairing the same, the Petitioners apprehend there are too few Gates, and that the same ought and may be increased, and sufficient Tolls raised, to complete the said Roads, and in future to keep them in good and sufficient Repair, without oppressing the Public or others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, under such Powers and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bastard, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Foundling Mr. Gaily Knight reported from the Committee, to Hospital whom the Petition of the Governors and Guardians of Pavtac tec ^ie Hospital for the Maintenance and Education of Petition re- exposed and deserted young Children, was referred; ported. That the Committee had examined, and found that the Notices relative to Paving Bills were not given within the Time directed by the Standing Orders of the House, it not having been known to the Petitioners, in Time, that it was necessary to give any Notice of Applications of this Nature; but that Notice was affixed upon the Door of the Sessions House for the County of Middlesex at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions, and had also been published Three Times in the public Newspapers; and that no Turnpike is to be erected, or Toll taken for Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, by virtue of the intended Act; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he lead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, James Farrer, Esquire, being examined, said, That the said Governors and Guardians are possessed of certain Pieces of Ground within the Parishes of

Saint George the Martyr, and Saint George Bloomsbury, containing about Fifty-six Acres, and have entered into Agreements with divers Persons for laying out and building several Streets and other Public Passages and Places upon the said Ground, and several Houses have been already erected thereon, and it is proposed to let the Remainder of the said Ground for the like Purpose.

The Witness further said, That if proper Provision was made for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and for preventing Nuisances, Encroachments, and Annoyances in the several Streets and Places aforesaid, the same would be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to all Persons residing therein and resorting thereto, and by inducing other Persons to take Building Leases would greatly improve the Value of the said Charity Estate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and watering the Streets and other Public Passages and Places which are and shall be set out and made upon certain Pieces of Ground belonging to the Foundling Hospital within the Parishes of Saint Pancras, Saint George the and Saint George Bloomsbury, in the County of Middlesex, and for preventing Nuisances, Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein: And that

Mr. Gaily Knight, Mr. Mainrw and Mr. JVigley, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed, that Mr. Penandunnt Account of from the Office of the Paymaster General of His Ma- Sumsad-jesty's Forces, attended at the Door; he was called in; danced for and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their m Order. the East

An' Account of the Sums advanced by the Pay- Indiespre. master General of His Majesty's Forces, on Account ,eDte<1, of the Troops raised for, and serving in, the East Indies, during the last Four Years, to the 24th of December 1792.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House-.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Ipswich, Ipswich I in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, j

and read; Setting forth. That an Act was made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth for paving the Town of Ipswich, and the Powers thereby granted have been found defective and insufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended; and that the Streets, Lanes, Public Passages, and Ways of the said Town are very ill paved, and not properly cleaned, lighted, or watched, and by Encroachments and Annoyances are rendered incommodious and dangerous: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for paving, lighting, cleaning, and otherwise improving the said Town of Ipswich, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr,

JVigley, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persona, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed for carrying Canlii# i into Execution an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of andiw^l His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act priftf*nR |

(< for

33 Geo. III. 310 Jdnuarii. — l0 12i

" for repairing and widening the Road from the Fortyeigfith Mile Stone, in the Parish of in

" the present Turnpike Road between Hitchin and " Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for continuing " a Road from thence to the great Northern Road, " near Tcmsford Bridge, in the County of upd also of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Freeholders of the said County, who have advanced Money on the Credit of the said Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Road, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually repaired and widened, unless the Term of the said Act is enlarged, and some further and other Powers granted for those and other Purposes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending or enlarging the Term, and altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner, and with such Powers, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Whitbread, Mr.

&c.: And they, are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Report Ways Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported

and Means, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

vis.

Ordered, That a Rill be brought in upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayhath, Mr.

Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, dd prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered \Nemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of Chaplain this House be given to the Reverend Thomas Hay,

Chaplain to this House, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House at Saint Margaret's Westminster; and that lie be desired to print

the saniei

The other Order of the Day being read, fot1 taking Considera-into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Mes- Kl"-' »ge of Monday last; ££&

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Mes- „ sage be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " Tomorrow " Morning," and inserting the Words " upon Monday " Morning next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words u Tomorrow Morning," stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most GraciouS Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 1° die Februarii;

Malt.

cl.'?'

ku

tot

to

w

to

land Tax.

nl

\u

Sr

ti-

tle

v

It.

Sr

V.

‘t

H

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament, of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1793, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and upon all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great from the

23d Day of June 1793 to the 24th Day of June 17.94.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1793, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that part of Great Brilairi, called Scqlland.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. James

Eliot, the Eatl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same,

Yol. 48.

Anno 33* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

MR. Wilberforce presented to the House, accord- Wakefield ing to Order, a Bill for reviving, continuing, and Halifax and amending certain Acts, of the Fourteenth and Boad Blli Thirtieth Years of King Geoi'ge the Second, so far as prestnt relates to repairing the Road from the North End of Wakefeld Bridge to Half ax, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are jfe<jon and thereunto subscribed, being Trustees empowered to Hull Road* put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, Petition, the One made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing the Road leading from a " Gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the SouthEast Side of the Town of Hedon, in the East Riding " of the County of York, through the said Town, to " Hull North Bridge," and the other made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the aforesaid Act, and for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Wyton Holmes, through the Townships of JVyton and Sproatley, to the Guide Post in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moorhouse, in the same Riding, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the

I i Execution

1° Februani.

A. 1793.

Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, the greatest Part of which still remains due, with a large Arrear of Interest upon the Money borrowed by virtue of the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that the Terms granted by the said Acts are near expiring, and the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, nor can the Roads mentioned in the said Acts be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged, and particularly the Tolls increased, so far as respects the Road directed to be repaired by the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be refereed to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Samuel

Thornton,&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records,

Stump Cross A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to

and Cam- pUt in Execution several Acts, made in the Tenth and

Petition.0* Eleventh Years of King George the First, the Third, Fifteenth, and Twenty-eighth Years of King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Heath, and the Town of , for repairing the

Road from Foulmire to and other ruinous

Parts of the said Highways adjacent to the Road from Foulmire to Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Sums, together with the Tolls collected under the Authority of the said Acts, have been duly applied in repairing the said Roads, and other the Purposes of the said Acts, but the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, and the Money owing on the Credit of the said Acts be Tepaid, unless the Term and Powers of the Said Acts are further continued and enlarged; and that the Road lying on the South Side of the Bridge, built beyond the said Parish of Foulmire, near a Place called leading towards Barley, in the County of Hertford, containing about Onje hundred and Fifty-two Polos, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow' and incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law; and that, if the Powers Of the said Acts were reduced into One Act of Parliament, it would be of great Ease to the Petitioners, and tend to the effectual Reparation of the said Roads: And therefore Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Adcanc, Mr. Charles Yorke, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's 'Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to Ipswich and whom the Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads ^leydonitoai from Ipsrt ich to the Stole Inn Road, and from Cleydon Bill rePw«i* to the Bury Saint Edmunds Road, at the End of the Bounds of the Parish of Hawleigh, and from Yaxley Bull to Eye, and from Eye to Lanthorn , in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee h$d examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there* unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names-are Godman-thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Chester Ro:<l Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in I>eU{'un* the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Godmanchesler, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fenstanton and Cambridge, to the First Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which Money, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Acts; and that the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms by the said Acts granted are enlarged:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging, the Terms granted by the said Acts in such Manner as to the House shall stem meet; and that the Petitioners may (if necessary) be beard by themselves and their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, ns it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to the Earl Ludlfnv, Mr. Pochin,

&c.; And they are 4o meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in the Gaol at Ihdnan Bodmin, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Royal E* whom the Petition of the Governor, Sub-Governor, change Deputy Governor, and Directors, of The Royal Exchange Com,v'* Assurance, was referred; That the Committee had exa- petiuw mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed repoti^d. htm to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition; it appeared, that by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An " Act for better securing certain Powers and Privileges, intended to be granted by His Majesty, by " Two Charters for Assurance of Ships and Mer-

04 " chantiiAi

feCi-

33 Geo. III. 1°

123

" chandizesat Sea, and for lending Money on "tomry, and for restraining several extravagant and " unreasonable Practices therein named," his said Majesty did, by Letters Patent dated the 22d of June a 720, incorporate divers Persons, to be a Corporation in Deed and in Name, and to have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, by the Name of The Royal Exchange Assurance for insuring Ships and Hoods at Sea, and for lending Money upon Bottomry, " with Power to raise a Capital of One Million five hundred thousand Pounds, and to make Bye Laws and Regulations for the good Government thereof, so that the same were not repugnant to the Laws of the Land, which Charter is subject to Redemption and Power of Revocation, as in the said Act and Charter are mentioned.

It further appeared that his said Majesty did, by other Letters Patent, dated the 29th of April 1721, incorporate several other Persons to be a Corporation, for the Assurance of any Life or Lives, and against Casualties and Accidents by Fire, and to have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, by the Name of The Royal Exchange Assurance of Houses arid Goods from Fire, with Power to raise a Capital of Five hundred thousand Pounds, and to make Bye Laws, with a Power of Revocation, as before mentioned; Then,

Mr. George Burley being examined, said, That it will be of Public Utility if the said Corporations are empowered to grant, sell, or purchase Annuities upon or for Lives; or by or with Survivorship, which no other Corporation now is enabled to do: That the granting and purchasing such Annuities are frequently in the Hands of improper and necessitous Persons, who make an exorbitant Gain thereby, to the great Detriment of Individuals and the Public in General, which would be in a great Measure (if not wholly) prevented, if a known Office, long established, was empowered so to do; and that the Powers granted by the said Letters Patent should be extended and enlarged to the granting, selling, or purchasing of Annuities upon Lives.

And the Witness further said, That in Order to effectuate the Purposes aforesaid, it will be necessary that the Petitioners and their Successors should be empowered to take and use some other Name or Names of Incorporation, with Power to make, alter, and renew a Seal or Seals for such Purpose; and that the falsely making, forging, counterfeiting, or altering such Seal or Seals, should be attended with some Penalty or other Punishment.

Mr. William Morgan and Mr. Abraham be-

ing examined, corroborated the Evidence of Mr. Burley.

; 1 Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Companies, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon or for Lives: And that Mr. and

Mr. Mainwaring do prepare, and bring in, the same.

rfVOldbury and Petition of the Right honourable William Earl

:,*« )udley Ca- Dartmouth, and also the humble Petition of the se-al Petition- veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

f on Behalf of themselves and others. Proprietors of the

Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of the Powers granted by Pour Acts of Parliament, of the Eighth, Minth, Twenty-third, and Twenty-fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, have made and completed a 'Navigable Canal from Birmingham to JBi/ston,.and -from thence to Autherley, there communicating with the Canal <made between the Rivers Severn and , and also Colia* Vol 48.

teral Cuts up to several Coal Mines, and also, from a Place called Rider's Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broad Water Fire Engine, and several Collateral Cuts from the same to several Coal Mines; and also from or near the Town of Birmingham, to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamil-or th, in the said County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the Town of;

and that it appears, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, that a Canal, Navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be made and extended from the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, at or near Oldbury, in the Parish of Halesowen, in the Co unties of Salop and W through the Townships of Oldbury and TVarley in tine said

Parish of Halesowen, and through the parish of Rowley Regis in the County of Stafford, through the Parish of Dudley, to join the Dudley Canal there, and also.

Three Collateral Cuts or Branches to communicate with such intended Canal, viz. One Collateral Cut or Branch from or near Waterfall Rune, in the said Parish of Rowley Regis, into or through a Place called The Coombs, in the said Parishes of Rowley Regis and -ouen, -One other Collateral Cut of Branch from or near a Place called Baptist End, in the Parish of Dudley aforesaid, through the Lands of the Reverend William Perry, Clerk, into the Lands of the late Joim Fttrkes, at or near Baptist End, in the said Parish of Dudley, and One other Collateral Cut or Branch from or near Baptist End aforesaid, through a Place called Dudley Wood, to join the said intended Canal in tl\e Lands of the Reverend Thomas Shaw HUUer, Clerk, in the said Parish of Dudley, in and near to which Line of such intended Canal and Collateral Cuts there are large and valuable Mines of Coal and Ironstone; and that the making of the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, with proper Railways and Roads to communicate therewith, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Town of Birmingham, and also to the several Counties which are supplied with Coals, and 'Other Articles of Trade and Commerce, from and its Neighbourhood, and will be of general Utility;

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts, with proper Railways, and other Roads, to communicate therewith, ip such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, ito the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hcmy Hobart, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Hemy licit. Sap ford Covmiiam.

Chant, and others, Owners, and Proprietors of Laud# and Grounds, in the respective Parishes of Covenhcnji Saint Bartholomew, and Covenham Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are in the said Parishes several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other Commonable Iannis, and Waste Grounds, wherein the] different Properties lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are for tlx;

most Part inconveniently situated, and it would be of

great Advantage to all Persons interested therein, if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Parts,

Shares, and Allotments: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other -Commonable Lands

and

T Feb,

uaru.

A. 1793.

the Twelith Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Repairing and amending the Roads leading

and Waste Grounds, subject to such Ordets and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, from the Town of , in the County of Lath

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that caster, through the Town of Ashton under and

Mr. Henry Hobart, Sir John Thorold, and Mi'. Anderson Parish of and from thence to

Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the same. n in «Ko m*.. f.

Kirton in Lindsey Inclosure Petition.

A Petition of William Richardson, Nicholas Bur-will, Edmund Lonsdale, Richard Peele, Thomas Allan, Robert

Trafford, and others, Proprietors of Open uninclosed Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Kirton in Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln, was pre

Salters Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have made great Progress in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, has been duly applied for the Purposes of the said Acts,

but that the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor the said sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads be properly amended and kept in Repair, unsaid Fields, Lands, and Grounds, lie so intermixed, and less the Term of the said Acts be continued, and some dispersed in small Quantities, that, in their present of the Powers and Provisions thereof enlarged and State, render the Cultivation thereof difficult and ex- amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may pensive, and are incapable of much Improvement: be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Acts, in such bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions,

Lands, and Grounds, subject to such Orders, and Regulations, as the House shall judge

Fields,

Rules, proper.

Ordered, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Sir John Thorold, and Mr. Anderson

Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, that the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Peel, Mr. Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and A Petition of John Trafford, of Trafford, in the County have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records. for JiPfUUoa Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire, was presented to the erb^ Bridge House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for mak-amf Coming and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder brook Canal Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of His Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the

Mr. Traf-

Canal Pci tion xtpr.f.

Petition from Owners of Mills on the Riy<t Colder against D° Bill

said intended Canal -y and Setting forth, That the Petitioner apprehends that the said intended Canal will be very injurious to his Estates, if the said Bill should pass into a Law in its present Form, unless divers Clauses are inserted therein: And therefore praying, That he may be at Liberty, by himself, or his Counsel, to be heard upon the said Bill, and to be allowed to introduce and have inserted therein such Clauses, Powers, Restrictions, and Regulations, as he should be advised, and as to the House shall appear just.

A Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of Mills situate on the River Colder, in the West Riding of the County of York, above the Junction of the Colder and Hebble Navigation with the said River, was

also presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive that the passing such Bill into a Law would not only be very prejudicial to the Estates and Interest of the Petitioners, but also to the Manufacturers of that Part of the West Riding of the County of York; and that the Trade of those Parts has of late Years greatly increased, and there is Rea-

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom Leicssttnv the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- MarWi chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whose *}arbo'®»' Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them* selves and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, fts it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Jessop, an Engineer, being examined, said,

That by Surveys lately made, it is practicable to make a Canal or Navigable Communication for Boats* Barges, and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, from the Town of Leicester, to or near the Town of Market Harborough, through the several Parishes and Places named in the Petition; and that a further Navigable Communication may be made to branch out from such intended Canal, in or near the Parish of Luben-ham, and to be continued through the several Parishes and Places described in the Petition, for the Purpose of joining a Branch or Part of the intended Canal from Braunston in the County of Northampton, to or near the City of London.

And the Witness further said, That the making of

son to hope is in a State of Progressive Increase; that the above-mentioned Navigable Communications, will

the River Colder, in its present State, is not equal to the Powers wanted by the several Mills situate thereon, and, if a Diminution of Water in the said River takes Place, those Mills must inevitably be vciy materially injured, as well as the Trade and Manufactures of the Neighbourhood: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as affects the said River Colder.

extend the Intercourse and Advantages of Trade and Commerce, be productive of many local Benefits to several Towns and Places, and will, in other Respects, be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Leicester to communicate with the River

301

Kaffl' Land the! ha % hood Conn* ns F That

date fromi

ofX>»

»cert leadir

to tb

lots

aP

Roar

and near

tndt

oft bye Coll to tl can a c Wo the Thi

tea

IM

tab

D,

cet

lea

thi

H

Tt

at

R

at

n<

u

C

ti

Gris,

f&iPtj.

Nen, in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation: And upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a that Mr. Pochin and Mr. Penn Ashcton do pre-

Second Time. pare, and bring in, the same.

Manchester A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Pcutiw < *dSa,£r'* Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, passed Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near A ski on Petition/* ‘n Fifth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign under Lyne and Oldham, whose Common Seal is there- I of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in unto annexed, and also of the several Persons whose

Names

9'3 Geo-.

1 ° Februarii.

las

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of or nearly froiii, thfe Town of Grantham, to corbhiunicatO Lands, Merchants, Manufacturers and Residents, in with the River Trent near Nottingham Bridge, and that the Towns of Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, and Old- a Collateral Branch may also be made to communicate ham, in the County of Lancaster, and the Neighbour-a ~

hood thereof, and the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the extending and making navigable the Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham intended Canal, from a Place called Clayton Demesne, in the Township of Droylsden, in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a certain Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the Sign of the Three Boars Heads, and from, or nearly from, a Place called Taylor's Barn, in the Township of Reddish, to Denton, at a Place called Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading between Stockport and Ashton under Lyne, and also from the intended Aqueduct Bridge at or near a Place called Waterhouses, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to Hollinwood, in the Township of Oldham aforesaid, will be of great Public Utility, by opening a Communication with large and extensive Collieries and Coal Works, which lie open and near to the said Lines of Extensions, and be a Aleans of carrying and conveying Coals, and other Minerals, at a cheaper Bate from the said Collieries and Coal Works to the Towns of Manchester and Stockport, and

iy

with the said Cut or Canal, frorh or near Crop-well Butler, to the Town of Bingham, both in the County of Nottingham. *

And the Witness further said. That the making of suGh Cut or Canal, and Collateral Branch, will be attended with great local Benefit, not only to the said Towns of Grantham and Bingham, but the Neighbourhoods thereof, as well as general Advantage to several Parts of the Counties of Lincoln, Nottingham, Leicester, and Derby, by rendering the Carriage of Coals, Wool, Corn, and other Goods and Merchandize to and from the same respectively, much more expeditious, and less expensive than it is at present.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Cropwell Butler, to the Town of Bingham, both in the County of Nottingham: And that Air. Bochin, and Mr. Penn Assheton Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Persons, Piropirietors of Land in the Open and Common Fields of Slawston, in the

the Neighbourhood thereof: And therefore'praying, Count, ofZrfcerrrr, uaspresented to the House, and That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for at re"^ Setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners

tending, cutting and making the Mamhata-, Milan , D ,he sa,d °P£n and F,eld5 1,e «««"««»

tender Lytic, arid Oldham Canal, navigable from a certain Place called Clayton Demesne, in the Township of Droylsden, in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a certain Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton leading between Manchester and opposite to

the House known by the Sign of the Three Boars Heads, and from, or nearly from a certain Place called Taylor's Barn, in the Township of Reddish, to,

and dispersed in small Parcels, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the said Open and Common Fields were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares allotted to the several Parties interested, according to their Interests therein, it would be a great Benefit to them; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open

«t a Place raised Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike' and, Common Fields> under such Rules and Re8'jla, ions Road leading between Stockport and Ashton under Lyne, aS Se er' u . n-„

and also from the intended Aqueduct Bridge at w Tha^ Leave be g'ven to bring m a Bill,

AC

jh '

yu

id

tc#

ilile

till

lift

w*

W Jrantham the -anal Peti-®n reported.

T Of

will

llltl

to

Bill the iver o a

y

near a Place called JV aterhouses, in the Parish of Ashton

wider Lyne aforesaid, to Hollinwood, in the Township of Oldham aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Comriiittee: And that they do exa

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin and Mr. Penn Assheton Curzon do prepare; and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed by the Acts of Parliament after recited, and Owners of Land in the

t!,e '

OSf

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall County of Laherk, was presented to the House, and appear to them, to the House: . read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the

And it is referred to Mr. Peel, Mr. Gascoyne, &c.: Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at King George the Second, for repairing several Roads Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have leading into the City of Glasgow, and by another Power to send for Persons, Papers and Records. Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom more effectual the said Act, and by another Act, the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, Petition of the Alderman, Comburgesses, and Burgesses for enlarging the Terms and Powers of the said Twoi of the Town or Borough of Grantham, in the County Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh of Lincoln, and of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, for re-

Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Persons, w hose pairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the selves, and others, was referred; That the Committee said City, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of Water of Kelvin called the Milnfoord of,

the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been com- certain Trustees were authorized to survey, order, plied with; and that the Committee had examined the repair, and keep in Repair, the said Road leading from Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to re- the City of , through Cowcaddens, to that

port the same, as it appeared to them, to the House *, and Part of the W ater of Kelvin called the he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Garscube, within the County of , and sundry

it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; Powers were thereby given to the said Trustees, par-and is as followeth; viz. ticularly to borrow certain Sums of Money upon the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mn Credit of the Tolls to be collected on the said Road; William Jessop, an Engineer, being examined, said and that a Sum of Money has been borrowed, in pur-

That by Surveys and Levels, which he has taken, it appears that a Navigable Cut or Canal, for the Passage of Boats, Barges, anaotfier Vessels, may be made from, Vol. 48.

suance of the Powers granted by the said Acts, upon the Credit of the Tons collected on the said Road, which is ptill unpaid, and great Progress ha6 been

K k made

Slawston Ijrt* closure Petition.

GlasgoW and Garscube Hoad Petition.

m

1° Febniaru.

A. 1193.

made in making, repairing, and' widening the 9aid Road, but the said Road cannot be effectually made, repaired, and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, and further and other Powers granted: And therefore pray* ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Acts of the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of his late Majesty's Reign, and of the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same respect the aforesaid Road from Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvin called the Milnfoord of Garscube, and for more effectually making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brodie, Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next,- at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Galley Hill Mr. Wigbey presented to the House, according to and Clanfield Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the mweufed Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill, near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clanfield, in the County of Oxford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dunston

Inclosure

Petition.

Greethara

inclosure

Petition.

A Petition of Sir John Dashwood King, Baronet, Joseph Westbrook, Ann Homer, John Howard, and John Foster, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of certain Open and Common Fields and Heath, Common Pasture, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Dunston, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish certain Open Common Fields and Heath, a Common Pasture, and Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which' in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided into specific Shares and inclosed, the Whole might be very materially improved, to the great Advantage of all Parties interested, and to the Benefit of the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields and Heath, Common Pasture, and Waste Lands in the Parish of Dunston, in the County of Lincoln, under such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Ingilby, Mr. Vyner, and Mr. Cawthorne, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas -rick Earl of Strafford, and others, Owners and Proprietors of, or Persons otherwise interested in, the Open Fields, Lands, and Grounds, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, certain Open and Uninclosed Arable Fields, Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Grounds, computed to contain in the Whole about 1,000 Acres; and that the said Fields and Commons, or Waste Grounds, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement, but, if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would thereby accrue to all Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, Tlutt

Leave may be given tp bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned', subject to such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bilk pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gregor, Sir John Thortdd, and Mr. Pelham, da

prepare, and hring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom* and: of Substitutes serving the rein.; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending and reducing " into one Act of Parliament, the Laws relating fb> the " Militia in that Part of Great Britain celled And that Mr. Secretary Dundas, and Mr. Henry Hobart do prepare and bring in, the same

Ordered, That Mr-. Speaker do issue his Warrant, to* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ far. the electing of a Burge® to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County- of Dorset, in the room of the Honourable Thomas who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Grooms of His Majesty's* Bedchamber.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the* Service of the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-three: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and- Ninety-three: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons* whose Names are thereunder written, being respectively Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes or Districts of Hillingdon, Hartington , Southal, Nor-tcood, and Drayton, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House* and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames, at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; and Setting forth, That, in the several Lists presented to the House with the Petition for Leave to bring in the said Bill, purporting to contain the Names of the Owners, or reputed Owners and Occupiers, of the Lands through which the said Canal is intended to be carried, and distinguishing which of them had assented to, and dissented from, the said intended Canal, and which of them were neuter in respect thereto, several of the Petitioners are stated to have assented thereto, although, in Truth, they never signified their Assent to the said intended Canal, but, on the contrary, several of them, upon being applied to for such their Consent, refused, their Assents thereto; and that the Name of One of the Petitioners, through whose Ground the said intended Canal is proposed to be carried, is entirely omitted in both the said Lists, and the Petitioners therefore submit, that in those and other Respects the said Lists are not conformable to the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, made on the 7th Day of June last; and foal, if the said Bill should pass

into

Bill to provide for the Families of Militia Mei ordered.

Lytne Re* Writ,

Malt Bil presented

Land Ta Bill pres ed.

Petition Owners Lands ir lipgdon, respect! Braunst and Brc ford Ca Bill.

33 Geo. III. 1° Februarii 1ST

into*a Law, the Petitioners yviU. be greatly injured, in- of the said School, in their Patronage, and the ExbL asmuch as several of the Lands and Grounds through bitioners in their respective Exhibitions; and that the which it is intended the said Canal shall pass (and of Petitioners have Reason to apprehend that the said in-whicfi Lands and-Grounds the Petitioners are Proprie- tended Canal will be detrimental to the Stream of the tors and Occupiers respectively) will be divided from said River by diverting or diminishing its Feeders: each other, to the great detriment of the Petitioners, And therefore praying. That they may be heard by and particularly to such of them as are Proprietors and themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the.

Occupiers of Common Field Lands, and the said Bill same may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners will also, if suffered to pass into a Law, be in other Re- may have such further or other Relief as to the House spects injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore pray- shall seem meet.

ing, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law. Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Navigable Canal from the Cafi/er Navigation, at of near Consideration of a Committee: And that they do Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the examine and state to the House, the Matter of Fact West Riding of the County of York, to- the Canal of his . contained in the said Petition: Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Man-

And it is referred to Captain Berkeley, Mr. Main- Chester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also Waring, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday certain Collateral Cuts from the said; intended Canal, be Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and Records. upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Orde That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at A Petition of the Reverend Doctor Cooke, President the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the of Corpus Christi College, in the University of Oxford, said Petition, the Reverend Doctor Assheton, Warden of the Collegiate Church in Manchester, in the County Palatine A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprie- Granby and of Lancaster, and Charles Lawson, M. A. High Master tors, of Lands and Estates within the Liberties of Sutton In-of the Free Grammar School in Manchester aforesaid, Granby and Sutton, in the Parish of Granby and Sutton-, ^*ure Pe"* for the Time now being, and the present Exhibitioners in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the wn' of the same School at Oxford and Cambridge, on be- House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, half of themselves and.othejs who may hereafter be within the said Liberties,- several Open Fields* and their Successors, was presented to the House, and also several Common Meadows, Common Pastures* read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners understand and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, a BiH is depending in the House for making and main- belonging to the Petitioners and others; and that the taining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Naviga- Property in the said Opeir Fields lies intermixed and tion, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of dispersed in small Parcels, and the same, and also the Halifax, in the County of York, by Way of Todmorden, said Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other through the Parishes of Rochdale, Middleton, and Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, are; in their Prestwick cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of present State, incapable of being properly cultivated and Lancaster, to join and communicate with the Canal of improved, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, at or near a Place and specific Allotments made to the several Owners called Cornbrook, in the Parish of Manchester, in the thereof, and other Persons interested therein, the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and also several same might be considerably improved: And therefore Navigable Branches from such intended Canal; and praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a BiH that the said Grammar School is a very ancient Founda- for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open tion, and, by the Statutes of the said School, the No- Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other mination of the Master and Usher thereof is in the Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in such Man-President of Corpus Christi College for the Time being, ner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall and by the same Statutes it is directed, that if (after all think proper.

Expences necessary for the Teaching and Support of the OrdThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-said School have been defrayed, and a sufficient Fund suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. reserved for the Maintenance of its Rights) any Sur- Pierrepo Lord Edward Mr. Bochin, and plus shall remain. Exhibitions shall be given from such Mr. George Sutton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Surplus to those Scholars who go from the said School

to study Arts at the Universities of Oxford or Cam-The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Netherton bridge, at the Discretion of the Warden of the Colie- the 4th Day of January last, for reading a Second and Selly giate Church in Manchester, or his Deputy, and the Time, upon Wednesday next, the Bill for making and High Master of the School for the Time being; and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, 1 rre*

that those Exhibitions are now Eight in Number, of in the County of to the Worcester and Bir-

251, per Annum each, and, if the Income of the mingham Canal, now making at, or near, Selly Oak, fn School suffers no Diminution, they may, and in all the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to Probability will, be increased, both in Number and communicate therewith, might be read.

Value, so as to afford no inconsiderable Encourage- And the said Order being read accordingly; ment for the Education of Youth at the said Univer- Ordeted, That the said Order be discharged,

sities; and that a great Part of the Income of the said Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

School arises from certain Mills situated upon the upon Monday Sevennight, the 11th Day of this Instant River Irk, in Manchester aforesaid, at which all- the February.

Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester are obliged, by

Act of Parliament,- to grind their Malt; and that, if A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Motion for the Stream of the said River Irk, or any of its Feeders, That there be laid before this House an Account of Account of is diverted or diminished, so as to render the stud Mills ail Communications that have passed between His insufficient to grind for the Inhabitants, the Petitioners Majesty's Ministers and the Executive Government of tj,e Govern^ apprehend that both themselves, and those who may f ranee, or their Agents, from the 8th of July to the ment of hereafter succeed them, will suffer a very material Injury, 19th of November 1792. hd*'

the President of Corpus Christi College, the Warden And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, wlt mrTL of the said Collegiate Church, and the High Master withdrawn.

Vol. 48. A Motion

m

40 Fe

A,

Motmnfor A Motion tvas made, and the Question being put, Account of That-there be laid before this House, an Account of iMde'by the Claims and Requisitions made, on the Part of the 'States Gene- States General of The United Provinces, Upon the Sub-val relating jiect of the Treaty concluded in 1788 between Great d* Britain and the States General, as far as the same jj *' relate to the exclusive Navigation of the Scheldt, and of any Application made by the States General to this Government, on the Ground of Treaty, for our Assistance or Interference, in their present Circumstances) respecting France.

It passed in the Negative.

House, to consider further of the Sdpply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Moridai/ Morning, next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 4° die Februarii;

Abno 33* Georgii III*" Regis, 1793.

'King'* Me*- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into *g« for Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of SZffo1^* last, be now , .

considered. And the said Order being read accordingly; and Address The House proceeded to take the said Message into -thereupon. Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message, and for the Communication of the Papers, which by His Majesty's Command, have been laid before us:

To offer to His Majesty our heartfelt Condolence on the atrocious Act lately perpetrated at Paris, which must be viewed by every Nation in Europe as an Outrage on Religion, Justice, and Humanity; and as a striking and dreadful Example of the Effect of Principles, which lead to the Violation of the most sacred Duties, and are utterly subversive of the Peace and Order of all Civil Society;

To assure His Majesty, that it is impossible for us not to be sensible of the Views of Aggrandizement and Ambition, which, in Violation of repented and solemn Professions, have been openly manifested on the Part of France, and which are connected with the Propagation of Principles incompatible with the Existence of all just and regular Government: That, under the present Circumstances, we consider a vigorous and effectual Opposition to these Views as essential to the Security of every Thing which is most dear and valuable to us as a Nation, and to the future Tranquillity and Safety of all other Countries:

That, impressed with these Sentiments, we shall with the utmost Zeal and Alacrity, afford His Majesty the most effectual Assistance to enable His Majesty to make a further Augmentation of His Forces by Sea and Land, and to act, as Circumstances may require, in the present important Conjuncture, for maintaining the Security and Honour of His Crown, for supporting the just Rights of His Allies, and for preserving to His People the undisturbed Enjoyment of the Blessings which, under the Divine Providence, they derive from the British Constitution.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

King's Me*- Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Message referred sage q( Monday last, be referred to the Consideration Supply11* of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-Means de- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Supply it- Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ferred. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Katers.

SI R Richard Hill reported frota the Committee, to Shrewsbury whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, and Nether-Traders, Manufacturers, and others, Owners of Estates 'florin habitants within the Counties of Salop and , ported"" r*~

and the City of Chester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of 'the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with: and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Jessop, an Engineer, being examined, said, That, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, it appears that ft Canal, navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels of heavy Burthen, may be made from the River,

at or near Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Nether Pool, in the County of Chester: He further said, That the making of such Canal, with a Branch to Llanymynech in the County of Salop; another Branch to the Village of in the County of Denbigh; another Branch to the Collieries a^ Brumbo, in the said County of Denbigh; and another Branch from a Place called Maesteruin Bridge, in the said County of Salop, and from thence to Prees higher Heath, in the said County; will open a Communication between the Rivers Secern, Dee, and , and be-

tween the Town of Livet'pool and the County of caster, and the City of Chester, and the Town of Shrewsbury, and the adjacent Country. — Then,

Mr. William Turner and Mr. John being

examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence: And further added, That the making the said Canal and Branches will be the Means of promoting and increasing the Trade of the Places aforesaid in particular, and of the Counties of Chester, Salop, Denbigh, ana Flint in general, and will also be of great Public Utility. '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at or near Shrnvsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Nether Pool, in the County of Chester, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal: And that Sir Richard Hill and Mr. Kynaston do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Payne Knight reported from the Committee, to Ludlow whom the Petition of the Right honourable Edzoard Lord Clive, Nicholas Lechmere Charlton, of Ludford, in the County of Hereford, Esquire, the Bailiffs, Bur- fepor gesses, and Commonalty of the Town or Borough , of Ludlcno, in the County of Salop, and several Burgesses and other Inhabitants' of the said Town or Borough of Ludlow, and the Precincts thereof, in the said County of Salop, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, and Bills of Inclosure,

33 Geo. III.

4° FebruariL

129

had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Benjamin Baugh, being examined, said, That the Streets, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Town or Borough and Precincts of are not properly

paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are subject to various Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and in some Parte narrow and incommodious for Carriages and Passengers; and that it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Inhabitants, and to all Persons resorting to the said Town, if the said Streets, and other Public Passages "and Places, were to be properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and all Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances prevented therein, and the narrow Parts widened; and if certain Buildings and Obstructions were taken down and removed; and also, if Power was granted for stopping up a ceTtain Lane leading from the Broad Gate to the lower End of a Lane called

And the Witness further said. That there is a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, and other Lands, near the said Town, upon which Lord Clive, Nicholas Lechmere Charlton, Esquire, and the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonality of the said Town, are entitled to Right of Common, and other Rights — That the several Parties interested are willing to give up such Rights, in order that the Lands may be let, or otherwise disposed of, and the Produce thereof applied in Aid of the Expences of the Act.

And the Witness added, That it will be necessary to ascertain the Bounds of certain Manors, Parishes, and Counties, upon the said Lands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, and otherwise improving the Streets, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Ludlow, and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Salop; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Payne Knight and Mr. Walwyn do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petitions in A Petition of the Gentlemen, Farmers, and principal ft roar of Ne- Inhabitants, in and near the Borough of Stratford upon SelbOak1 Avon, the County of And also.

Canal Bill. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Alcester, in the County of Warwick: And also,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at or near Selly Oak, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

King's Nor- The Lord Beauchamp reported from the Committee, ton and Strut- to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, ford upon an(j others, of the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, Petition*^ wa3 referred; That the Committee had examined, ported. and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Vol. 48.

it in at the Cleric's Table: Where the same: was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Snape, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That, by a Survey lately taken, it appears that a Canal, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other. Vessels, may be made from thq Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making in the Parish of King's Norton, in the County of Worcester, into the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, and that a Collateral Cut may be made from such intended Canal in the Parish of Aston Cahtloe into the Parish of Temple Grafton, in the County of Warwick-, and also another Collateral Cut into the Parish of in the said

County.

Mr. William Penn being examined, said, That the making the said Canal and Collateral Cuts will tend to supply several Parts of the adjoining Counties with Coal; at a much cheaper Rate than at present, and.will open a cheap and easy Communication with several Mines of Limestone and Flagstone, and also with very valuable Building Stone; and will, in other Respects, be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation, in the Parish of King's Norton, into the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal: And that the Lord Beauchamp;

Mr. Jerooise, and Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir John Ingilby presented to the House, according Dunston Into Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open closure Bill and Common Fields and Heath, Common Pasture and Presented* Waste Lands, in the Parish of Dunston, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Glamorgan-Canal from the Glamorganshire Canal, to or near the ‘hire and Village of Aberdare, in the County of Glamorgan, and canal&BilI for making and maintaining a Railway, or Stone Road, committed, from thence to or near Abemant, in the Parish of Cadoxtone juxta Neath, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. Morgan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition- of the Company of Proprietors of Leeds and the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, gationPni-That, by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the tion.

Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to the North Lady's Walk, in Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey, the Petitioners were united into a Company, and authorized to make and complete a Cut or Canal, navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from or near Le in the Town of Leeds, through the several Townships, Parishes, and Hhmlets in the said Act mentioned, to or near a Place called the North" Lady's Walk, in the Town or Port of Liverpool aforesaid, and from thence to communicate with the River Mersey, and, to the End that the Petitioners might be enabled to carry on so useful an Undertaking, they were thereby empowered to raise and contribute among themselves a competent Sum of Money, not exceeding £.260,000 in the Whole, unless the said Sum should be found insufficient for the Purposes aforesaid, in which Case the Petitioners were enabled to raise among themselves

L1 any

130 4* Februarii. A. 1793.

any further Sun, not exceeding £ 60,000; end that, in making and completing certain Parts of the said Canal, and in purchasing and improving the Navigation of the River Douglas, alias Asland, in the said County of Lancaster, which, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for altering and varying the 4‘ Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for making the u River Douglas, alias Aslnavigable from the " River Ribbk to Wigan, in the County Palatine of

" Lancaster, and for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, incor-' porated by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of " His present Majesty's Reign, to purchase the said " River Navigation; for amending the said last mentioned Act, for incorporating and consolidating the u said Two Navigations, and for other Purposes/' is now consolidated and incorporated with the said Canal, the said Company of Proprietors have expended the Sum of £ 300,000, and upwards; and that the Petitioners, by an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the u Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise " a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation, and for other " Purposes," were empowered to vary a certain Part of the said Canal, and, in order to complete and finish such Canal, to borrow, in Manner therein mentioned, the Sum of £200,000; and that, since the passing of the said last mentioned Act, other Parts of the said Canal are completed, or are now in Execution; and that the Petitioners, after a careful Examination of that Part of the Line which remains yet unfinished, are well satisfied that making a Deviation therein, and carrying the same out of, through, or into, the several Townships or Hamlets of Barrowford, otherwise Barrowford

Booth, Great Marsden, Little lows, in Pendle Forest, Burnley, Eaves,

Ightonhill Park, Hapton, AUhdm, Clayton le Moors, Church, Old Acrington, Oswaldtwistle, Rishton, otherwise Rushton, Blackburn, Lower Darwent,

Livesey, Withnell, Houghton, Wheelton, Heapy, Whittle in the Woods, Clutrley Heath, otherwise Higher Char-

nock, Adlington, Anderson, Honvich, Blackrod, Lostock, West Houghton, Hindley, Aspull, Ince, and Wigan, which are in the several Parishes of Whatley, Blackburn, Leyland, Croston, Standish, Dean, Bolton, and Wigan, in the said County of Lancaster, will be of much greater Advantage to the Public and themselves than the present Parliamentary Line, as it will not only open an easy, safe, and commodious Communication, through a populous and trading Country, between the several Towns and Places hereinbefore mentioned, and between them and the Ports of Hull and Liverpool, but also with various other Places in the said County of York, and elsewhere, and will also tend the better to supply the said Port of Liverpool with Coal and Cannel, and the Lands and Grounds through which it will pass, with Lime, to the great Improvement thereof, and to the Advantage of the Owners, and will be otherwise of great Public Utility; and that, in order to make the intended Deviation, and to complete the said Cut or Canal, it will be necessary for the Petitioners to borrow a further Sum of Money upon the Credit of the said incorporated Navigations: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to empower them to make the said Deviation, and also to borrow a further Sum of Money, to enable them to complete the said Cut or Canal, and for other Purposes, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackbume, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Land- petitions in owners, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and Favour of others, Inhabitants of the Forest of Rossendale, which Sowerby Forest adjoins, and lies contiguous to the Valley of cornbrook Todmorden, in the Parish of Rochdale, and County Pa- canal BilL latine of Lancaster :And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, Land-owners, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester, and ito Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, - Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Worcester, in Common Council convened:

And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants,

Traders, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, and its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the City of Bristol, and its Vicinity: And . also,

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon Hull, in Common Council assembled: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Land-owners, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Halifax, in the County of York, and of the Valley of Todmorden: And also,

Another Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Land»owners, Merchants, Tradesmen) Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Halifax, in the County of For A:, and of the Valley of Todmorden: And also,

Another Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Land-owners, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Halifax, in the County of York, and of the Valley of Todmorden: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen,. Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Wakefield, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Navigation, at 'or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Manchester to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for and Salter's putting m Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, ®roo!t Road* passed in the Fifth and Twenty-third Years of the parted.0 Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

i^-

jy

‘titionjw

v % ([

>rnbrr^ inalBl

fanch«k' id SJw'i rook R^' eutiooif*

jrted*

33 Geo. III. - 4° Februarii. 131

Majesty, for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Lyne, and Parish of Moitrmn Longdendale, and from thence to

Salters Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester, waa referred; that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. George Worthington being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which has been duly applied; but the said Debt cannot be repaid, nor the Roads properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the former Acts are repealed, and consolidated into One Act, and other Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing Three several Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Lyne, and Parish of Mottram Longden-

dale, and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr.

Blackbumedo prepare, and bring in, the same.

Saddleworfh A Petition of the -several Persons, whose Names are

aul Giossop thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Merchants, Woollen Clothiers, and other Manufacturers and Residents within the several Counties of York, Chester, Lancaster, and Derby, or some of them, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That at present many of the Merchants, Woollen Clothiers, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants in Micklehurst, Stay ley, Motley, and Hattersley, in the County of Chester, Chisworth, Ludworth, Mellor, , and

Great Hamlet, in the County of Derby, and the Neighbourhood thereof, sustain very great Inconvenience and Loss in carrying on their Merchandize, Trade, and Dealings with the Towns of Huddersfield, Halifax, Leeds, Wakefield, Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, Chapel en le Frith, apd Places adjacent, for Want of a good Road from, or near a Place called French Topi >n the Parish of Saddlaoorth, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Micklehurst, Matley, and

Hattersley, in the Parish of Mottram in Longdendale, in the County of Chester, Chisworth, Mellor,

Thornset Hamlet, and Great Hamlet, to in

the Parish of Giossop, in the County of Derby, and for Want of a Branch from and out of the said intended Road, at or near a Close called Copley Meadow, in Stayley aforesaid, to, or near to, Stayley Bridge, in the said County of Chester, to communicate between the said Towns of Huddersfield, Halifax, Leeds, Wakefield,

Manchester, Ashton wider Lyne, and Chapel en le Frith, and the populous and trading Parts of the Towns and Places adjacent to the said Road: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from, or nearly from, a Place called French Top, in the Parish of Saddlewerth, in the West Riding of the County of York, through Micklehurst, Stayley, Matley, and Hattersley, in the Parish of Mottram in Longdendale, in the County of Chester, Chiszoorth, Ludworth, Mellor,

Vol. 48.

set Hamlet, and Great Hamlet, to Brookhouses, in the Parish of Giossop, in the County of Derby, and for making a Branch from and out of the said intended Turnpike Road, at or'near a Close called Copley. Meadow, in Stayley aforesaid, to, or near to, Stayley , in the said County of Chester, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee': And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackbume, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of Preston, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Warrington, in the County of Lancaster :And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of Market Harbot'ough, in the County of Leicester: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Towns of Ashby de la Zouch and Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, and the Vicinities thereof, and the Proprietors of Mines in that Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of Kendall, in the County of Westmoreland: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Towcester, in the County of Northampton: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Watford, in the County of Hertford: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Newport Pagnell, in the County of Buckingham: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Woobum, in the County of Bedford: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Leighton Bussard, in the County of Bedford: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Rickmans in the County of Hertford: And also, r

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Hemel Hempstead, in the County of Hertford: And also,

A Petition

Petitions in Favour of Braunston and Brentford Canal Bill*

132 4° Februarii A. 1793.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Tring, in the County of Hertford: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of Tamwogth, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford',

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex,

and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts' from the said intended Canal: And praying, That the said Bili may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Hampton&nd Sir John Morshead reported from the Committee, to Staines Road wh0m the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed ported"* rC* to P11* *n Execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in " Repair, the Road from the Guide Post, at the West " End of the Town of Hampton, over Sunbury Comirion, to the Town of Staines, in the County of " Middlesex and also, another Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road " from the Guide Post, at the West End of the Town " of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the Town of " Staines, in the County of ," were severally

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Richard Tallemach, Esquire,'being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which now remain unpaid. — He further said, That the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be sufficiently amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further continued. — Then,

In support of the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petidon, Mr. Tallemach, being again examined, said, That in order more effectually to carry the said Act into Execution, it will be necessary that some Amendments should be made thereto, particularly that the Number of the Trustees should be increased, and the Quorum of the said Trustees in some Cases altered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, " and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Guide " Post, at the West End of the Town of Hampton, " over Sunbury Common, to the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex:" And that Sir John Morshead, Mr. Mainwaring, and Mr. Byng, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Mills petition upon the -Rivers Roach and Irwell, and the Streams and against Sow-Rivulets flowing into such Rivers, whose Names are ^^Corn8* thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and £rook Canal read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand Bill, a Bill is depending in the House for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Navi-, gation, at or near Soicerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York, by Way of den, through the Parishes of Rochdale, Middleton, and Prestmch cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to join and communicate with the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, at or near a Place called Cornbrook, in the Parish of Manchester, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and also several Navigable Branches from such intended Canal; and that there are upon the said Rivers Roach and Irwell, and the Feeders thereof, more than Twenty Water Mills, and many of them of great Value, and the Waters of the said Rivers are not at all Times sufficient for the regular Supply of the Mills erected thereon; and that the Petitioners have Reason to apprehend that it is not practicable to make and maintain the said intended Canal, according to the Line and Level proposed, without taking or intercepting many of the Sources and Feeders of the said Rivers, and in such a Manner as will deprive the Mills and Manufactories thereupon of their necessary Supply of Water, not only to the essential Injury of the Petitioners, but to the Injury of the Trade of the Country, and of the Public:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may have such further or other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Navigation; at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think nt.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to>be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir John Call reported from the Committee, to whom Plymouth the Petition of Thomas Bryer, in Behalf of himself and Dock, <Ste. others, wras referred; That the Committee pad examined, Water Peti-and found that the Standing Orders of the House, t,on rePorted* relative to Bills for making Aqueducts, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John King, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That His Majesty's Dock Yard at Plymouth, and the Inhabitants of the Towns of Plymouth Dock, and Stonehouse, have for a long Time laboured under very great Inconvenience and Expence, from the Want of a sufficient Supply of fresh Water, and are thereby liable to great Danger in Cases of Accidents by Fire.

That the Petitioners are in Possession of a Spring of Water sufficient to furnish the above-mentioned Places with a constant and regular Supply of good Water, which will be productive of great Advantage to the Inhabitants, and to the Public at large.

Ordered,

33 Geo. III.

4° Februarii.

133

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for supplying the Towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke

marel, Stonehouse, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, with Water: And that Sir John Call, the Lord Valle tort, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bawtry and Mr. G ally Knight reported from the Committee, to Twitord whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petiuonre- are ^)€reunto subscribed, being Trustees under an ported. Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from Drayton to Bridge,

in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter o'f the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same,-as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Holmes being examined, said, That great Progress hath been itiade in the execution of the said Act, and a considerable Debt contracted on the Credit erf the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

The Witness further added, That the Restriction as to repairing the Streets in East Retford, lying in the Line of the Road, has been found inconvenient; and that the same, by Reason of the great Increase in the Number of Waggons and other heavy laden Carriages which have passed through the same since the Road was made Turnpike, such Streets are become ruinous and bad, and cannot be kept in such a State as they ought to be, for the Accommodation of the Public, unless the said Restriction is repealed, and the Trustees enabled to apply Money of the Trust in Aid of such Repairs; and that there is a certain Bridge over the River Idle in the said Town of East Retford, which, from the great Increase of Waggons, and other heavily laden Carriages, passing over the same, and the additional Number of Coaches and other Pleasure Carriages, is become much more expensive to maintain and keep in Repair than it formerly was, and is also so narrow as to be very incommodious and unsafe; and that the Trustees are willing to apply jso much Money, to arise from the Tolls on the said Road, towards the widening, amending and repairing of the said Bridge, as may be found requisite and expedient for the complete Accommodation of the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue ifhe Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passsd in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Twiford Bridge, in the said County: And that Mr. Gaily Knight, Mr. Pierrepont, and Mr. berforce, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Royal Ex- Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according change As- to Order, a Bill to enable the Royal Exchange As-urance Com- suraDce Companies, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon or for Lives: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Vol. 48.

pames Bill

presented.

Mr. Bochin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Leicester to communicate with the River Nen, in or near the Towrf of and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Navi-

fition: And the same was received,- and read the irst Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Corn Mills, Fulling Mills, and other Mills, upon the River Colder, near Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners being informed that Two Schemes of Navigation are now in Agitation, one for extending the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, from Bury, in Laby Rochdale,

Littlebroygh, and Ripponden, to or near to Smoerby Bridge, in Yorkshire, the Head of the Navigation from the Rivers Humbelr and Hull, and the other for making a Navigable Canal from Manchester, by Rochdale, Tod-morden, and Hebden Bridge, also to Sowerby have duly weighed and considered both the said Schemes, not only with respect to their Public Utility, but as to their Effect upon Private Property; That the first-mentioned Scheme, for extending the Canal from Bury, is, in the Judgment of the Petitioners, far preferable to the other, because no material Injury whatsoever will be done to any Mills upon the River Colder, or upon any of the Brooks that feed it, by its being carried into execution, as the Mills will not be thereby deprived of any Water, and the Communication will be nearer by many Miles, and more speedy and convenient, than by the other Line proposed, which cannot be executed without totally destroying or materially injuring a great many valuable Mills upon the River Calder, and near the Line of that proposed Canal, as well as other Private Property That the Scheme for extending the Canal from Bury as aforesaid will open a Communication between the East and West Seas, by the several trading Towns of Hull, Armine-, Rawcllffe, Knotting ley, Castleford, Wakefield, Dewsbury, Elland, Halifax, Rochdale, Bury, Man-

chester, Bolton, Wigan, Chorley, Blackburn, Lancaster, Kendall, and other Places of Commerce, which will be more expeditious and safe, and a shorter and easier Passage than in any other Line heretofore discovered: And therefore praying, That the Bill brought in, or intended to be brought in, for extending the Canal from Bury to Sower.by Bridge, may pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by Counsel, against any Bill which may be brought in for making a Navigable Canal from Manchester, by Rochdale and Todmorden, to Soioerby Bridge, as being injurious to all the Mill Property upon that Line, and in particular to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the CNavigation, at or near

Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navi-

fible Communication from the Junction of the River oss with the River Ouse, at or near the City of York,

M m to

Leicester Navigation Hill presented.

Petition against Sowerby Bridge and Corn-brook C&uaL Bill.

Foss Navigation Ac. Bill, presented.

134

4° Februa.

A. 1793.

Voices to Committee on Petition from Owners of Lands in Hillingdon, &c.

to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of in the

North Riding of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands lying on each Side of the said River Foss:And the same.was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, being respectively Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes or Districts of Hillingdon, Harlington, Hayes, Southal, Norwood, and Drayton, in the County of Middlesex,-is referred.

Warwick and Mr. Wigley presented to the House, according to Birmingham Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable presented. Canal from, or nearly from, a Place called The

ford, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Warwick, unto, or near to, the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to terminate at, or near to, a certain Navigable Canal in, or near to, the Town of Birmingham, called The Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ipswich and C ley don Road Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads from Ipswich to the Scole Inn Road, and from Cleydon to the Bury Saint Edmunds Road, at the End of the Bounds of the Parish of Hawleigh, and from Yaxley Bull to Eye, and from Eye to Lanthorn Green, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Ipswich to the Scole Inn Road, and from Cleydon to the Bury Saint Edmunds Road, at the End of the Bounds of the Parish of Hawleigh, and from Yaxley Bull to Eye, and from Eye to Lanthorn Green, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Report of the Select Committee of the Court of Di-M®nuffcture rectors of the East India Company, upon the Subject or ere . the Cotton Manufacture of this Country.

Mutiny Bill committed.

Report on the Cotton

Address for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Lord Auck Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give

land's Dec la- Directions, that there be laid before this House, a ration, 4c. Copy of the Declaration made by Lord Auckland to the to the States States General of The United Provinces on the 13th of General. November 1792; and also, a Copy of the Memorial presented by Lord Auckland to the States General of The United Provinces on the 25th of January last.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Answer to Address on King's Message.

Lord Viscount Parker reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last (to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message, and for the Communication of the Papers, which,

13

by His Majesty's Command, had been laid before this House; and to offer to His Majesty the Condolence of this House on the atrocious Act lately perpetrated at Paris: To assure His Majesty, that it is impossible for this House not to be sensible of the Views of Aggrandizement and Ambition, which have been openly manifested on the Part of France; and that, under the present Circumstances, this House doth consider a vigorous and effectual Opposition to those Views as essential to the Security of every Thing which is most dear and valuable to this Nation, and to the future Tranquillity and Safety of all other Countries; and that this House will, with the utmost Zeal and Alacrity, afford His Majesty the most effectual Assistance to enable His Majesty to make a further Augmentation of His Forces by Sea and Land, and to act, as Circumstances may require) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that His Majesty receives, with the greatest Satisfaction, the Assurances of their cordial and zealous Support in the present important Conjuncture.

The House being informed, that Mr. Ramsay, from Accounts re. the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Company — to the House, pursuant to their Orders, and

N°i . An Account of the Total of Debts owing by «niheCuu>n the East Itidia Company at their several Settlements in India, specifying the Amount bearing Interest, on the *

30th of April 1786, on the 30th of April 1790, and according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° 2. A Statement of the Value of Assets in Cash,

Bills, Goods, Stores, and Debts owing to the Company, at the several Settlements in India, on the 30th of April 1786, on the 30th of April 1790, and according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Amount of Debts stated as owing to the East India Company, at the several Settlements in India, on the 30th of April 1786, which have since been struck off the Company's Books as irrecoverable: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Amount of Debts transferred in India, Annually, agreeably to the Orders of the 15th of September 1785, and of the 31st of July 1787: And also,

N° 5. A Statement of the Annual Amount of the Revenues, Duties, Customs, and Subsidies received for the Use of the East India Company, and of the Charges incurred in the Civil and Military Departments at the several Settlements in India, in each Year, from the 30th of April 1787 to the 30th of April 1790: And also,

N#6. An Account of the Amount received at the several Settlements in India from the Sale of Goods,

Stores, and Bullion, exported by the East India Company, and for Bills on the Court of Directors, in each Year, from the 30th of April 1786 to the Date of the latest Advices: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Goods purchased at the several Settlements in India, and shipped for Europe, together with the Commercial Charges not included in the Invoice, the Amount of Supplies sent from those Settlements to the Factory at Canton, in each Year, from the 30th of April 178b to the Date of the latest Advices: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Prime Cost of all Goods purchased for the East India Company in China, and shipped for Europe, in each Year, from February 1786 to the Date of the latest Advices: And also,

N° 9. An Account of the Amount received at Canton for Goods, Stores, and Bullion, exported thither by the East India Company, for Bills on the Court of Directors, and for Supplies from India, in each Year, from February 1786 to the Date of the latest Advices:

And also,

N° 10. An

r*.

t*

;t

k

33 Geo. III. -4° .

135

N* io. An Abstract Statement of the Receipts and Outwards, as they stood on the 1st Day of March 1792;

Payments of the East India Company in England, in together with an Account of the Balance of Quick each Year, from the 1st of March 1787, and an Esti- Stock in , according to the latest Advices: And

mate of the Receipts and Payments from the 1st of also, *

March 1793 to the 1st of March 1794: And also, N" 24. A Statement of the Debts of the East India

N° 11. An Account of Stock, per Computation,' of Company (exclusive of the Debts transferred from In-the East India Company on the 31st of January 178?: dia, agreeably to the Orders of the 15th of September

And also, 1785 and the 31st of July 1787) and a Statement of

N° 12. An Account of Stock, per Computation, of the Effects of the Company in- , and afloat

the East India Company on the 31st of January 1788: Outwards, as they stood on the 1st Day of March 1793;

And also, together with an Account of the Balance of Quick

N° 13. An Account of Stock, per Computation, of Stock in , according to the latest Advices: And

the East India Company on the 31st of January 1789: also,

And also, N° 25. An Account of the Cost of all Goods, Stores,

N° 14. An Account of Stock, per Computation, of and Bullion, exported to India and China by the East the East India Chmpany on the 1st of March 1790: India Company, in each Season, from 1776 to 1792:

And also, And also,

N° 15. An Account of Stock, per Computation, of N° 26. An Account of all Bills and Certificates drawn the East India Company 611 the 1st of March 1791: on the Court of Directors of the East India Company

And also, from the several Settlements in India, and from China,

N° 16. An Account of Stock, per Computation, of in each Year, from 1786 to the Date of the latest Ad-the East India Company on the 1st of March 1792: vices: And also.

And also, N° 27. A Statement of the Interest incurred on the

N° 17. An Account of Stock, per Computation, of Debt transferred from India, according to the Orders the East India Company on the 1st of March 1793: of the 15th of September 1785 and 31st of July 1787,

And also, and the Amount of the Principal discharged to the 1st

N° 18. A Statement of the Debts of the East India of March 1793: And also.

Company (exclusive of the Debts transferred from N° 28. A Statement of the Prime Cost and Sale India, agreeably to the Orders of the 15th of September Amount of Goods sold by the East India Company, in 1785 and the 31st of July 1787) and a Statement of each Year, from the 1st of March 1787 to the 1st of the Effects of the Company in England, and a-float March 1793, stating the Charges of Freight, of Cus-Outwards, as they stood on the 31 st of January 1787; toms, and of Merchandize, paid or payable on the same: together with an Account of the Balance of Quick And also.

Stock in China, according to the latest Advices: And The Report of the Select Committee of the Court of also, Directors of the East India Company, upon the Subject

N° 19. A Statement of the Debts of the East India of the Cotton Manufacture of this Country; with Ap-Company (exclusive of the Debts transferred from In- pendixes.

dia, agreeably to the Orders of the 15th of September Together with Lists of the said Accounts, Statements,

1785 and the 31st of July 1787) and a Statement of and Report.

the Effects of the Company in England, and a-float And then he withdrew.

Outwards, as they stood on the 31st of January 1788; And the said Lists were read.

together with an Account of the Balance.of Quick Ordered, That the said Accounts, Statements, and

Stock in China, according to the latest Advices: And Report, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the also, Members of the House.'

N° 20. A Statement of the Debts of the East India Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Company (exclusive of the Debts transferred from In-Accounts, Statements, and Report, be printed, as dia, agreeably to the Orders of the 15th of September shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the 1785 and the 31st of July 1787) and a Statement of House.

the Effects of the Company in England, and a-float The said Accounts, Statements, and Report, are Outwards, as they stood on the 31st of January 1789; preserved amongst the other Papers of this

together with an Account of the Balance of Quick Session.

Stock in China, according to the latest Advices: And

also, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee

N° 21. A Statement of the Debts of the East India to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to of Supply. Company (exclusive of the Debts transferred from In- consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, dia, agreeably to the Orders of the 15th of September be now read.

1785 and the 31st of July 1787) and a Statement of And the said Order being read accordingly;

the Effects of the Company in England, and a-float The House resolved itself into the said Com-

Outwards, as they stood on the 1st Day of March 1790; mittee.

together wdth an Account of the balance of Quick Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Stock in China, according to the latest Advices: And Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Com-

also, mittee.

22. A Statement of the Debts of the East India Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Company (exclusive of the Debts transferred from In- Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

dia, agreeably to the Orders of the 15th of September That they had come to several Resolutions; which they 1785 and the 31st of July 1787) and a Statement of had directed him to report, when the House will please the Effects of the Company in England, and a-float to receive the same.

Outwards, as they stood on the 1st Day of March 1791; Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow together with an Account of the Balance of Quick Morning.

Stock in China, according to the latest Advices: And Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That also, he was directed by the Committee to move, that they

N* 23. A Statement of the Debts of the East India may have Leave to sit again.

Company (exclusive of the Debts transferred from In- Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday dia, agreeably to the Orders of the 15th of September Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the 1785 and the 31st of July 1787) and a Statement of whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted the Effects of the Company in England, and a-tloat to His Majestyr Vol. 48. *

l 1

1

136 4° — 5° — 6° A. 1793.

Newport Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to of York (which were presented to the House upon the

" nt‘ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for 2d and 28th Days of January last, the 1st Day of this the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- Instant February, and this Day) be referred to the Con-ment for the Borough of Newport, in the County of sideration of the Committee to whom the said Dill is

Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by

Peniston, Lord Viscount Melbourne in the Kingdom of themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee,

Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks. mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Petitions.

Means defer- to resoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, ' Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Resolved, That this Douse will, upon Wednesday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Morning next, resolve it3elf into the said Committee.

1}'#

Aittf1

- -;c -

it £

Sown by Bridge and Cornbrook Canal Bill committed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Scncerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of

lifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended; .

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel be now called in;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Martis, 5° die Anno 33* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1793.

Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Cotwidera.

the Petition of the several Persons whose Names tion of War-are thereunto subscribed, all legal Voters of the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Won Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and.

Return for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and re-

wick Election

Petition

deferred.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, _uj®e' the Attendance of the Members on the Business

nnk #Ka Rill Ro AnmmiHori *

of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Sixty-tVvo Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Colonel Eger ton, (Mr.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers lor the Noes, ("r

52.

20.

Mr. Peel:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Bill was committed to Colonel Egerton, Mr. Wigley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Owners and Oc-agaimt refer- cupiers of Mills upon the River Irk, and the Streams red, and and Rivulets flowing into the same River, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Feoffees of the Free Grammar School* in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also, the Petition of John Trafford, of Trqfford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of Mills situate on the River Colder, in the West Riding of the County of York, above the Junction of the Colder and

Petitions

Counsel ordered.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6* die;

Anno 33* Georgii III. U Regis, 1793; Prayers.

Petition

deferrea.

Hebble Navigation with the said River; and also, the HP HE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Consideril. Petition of the Reverend Doctor Cooke, President of A the Petition of the several Persons whose Names tion of War-Corpus Christi College, in the University of Oxford, the are thereunto subscribed, all legal Voters of the Bo- wick Election Reverend Doctor Asheton, Warden of the Collegiate rough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, on Church in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lan- Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the caster, and Charles Lawson, M. A. High Master of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Free Grammar School in Manchester aforesaid, for the Return for the said Borough, being come,

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

Time now being, and the present Exhibitioners of the same School at Oxford and Cambridge, on Behalf of themselves and others, who may hereafter be their Successors; and also, the Petition of the Owners and

Occupiers of Mills upon the Rivers Roach and Irwell,

and the Streams and Rivulets flowing into such Rivers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also. The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Corn Sixty-seven Members only being present, Mr. Speaker Mills, Fulling Mills, and other Mills, upon the River directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for Colder, near Halifax, in the West Riding of the County taking the said Petition into Consideration, and immediately

And being returned was

33 Geo. Ill*

80i- — 9° Februarii.

137

mediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, at a Quarter of an Hour before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon#

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

(lately called Richard Bempde Johnstotie) and the Heira Male of his Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms of Vanden JBempdS only, pursuant to the Will of John Vanden Berttpde, Esquire, deceased; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Jovis, 7# die Februarii;

Anno 330 Georgii III1" Regis, i 793.

Prate rs.

Consider*- n^HE Hour appointed for taking into Considera-IriTlWwUon t*on the several Persons whose

Petition dc- Names are thereunto subscribed, all legal Voters of

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and CJonsidera-Ninety-two Members only being present, Mr. Speaker tl?n,^f, War*

,. 1 . TAr ~ wick Elect ion

directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for Petition de-taking the said Petition, complaining of an undue ferred. Election and Return for the Borough of lVarwicky in the County of Warwick, into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till To-mottow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

fcrred.

to*

1 Hj.

Jectia

the Borough of Warwick ,in the county of,

on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Sixty-eight Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Mr. Speaker also directed the Clerk to read the ConsiJe-Order of the Day for taking into Consideration the Petition of Joseph Foster Barham and George Election

Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons Petitions de-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of ferred. themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Stockbridge, in the county of,

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, at Half an Hour after Three of the Clock ift the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

fonside*

ration of

Rockbridge

Election

Petitions

deferred.

Mr. Speaker also directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking into Consideration the Petition of Joseph Foster Barham and George,

Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of complaining of an uudue Election and Return for the said Borough, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, at Half an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Sabbati, 9* die Februarii;

Anno 33* Georgii III- Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow MorniBg, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 8* die Februarii;

Anno 33* Georgii IIIU‘ Regis, 1793.

Proceedings on Warwick Election Petition.

.'onsiifcfr;

ion nj

'etiw® iel'erid

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subsbribed, all legal Voters of the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, on Behalf of

themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned ,*

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Considera-the Petition of the several Persons whose Names t,?n Ws?r" are thereunto subscribed, all le*>al Voters for the Borough petitionde-0 of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, on Behalf of ferred.

themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House w'as counted by Mr. Speaker; and Two Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Monday, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Mr. Speaker also directed the Clerk to read the Conside-Order of the Day for taking into Consideration the ration of Petition of Joseph Foster Barham and George Porter,

Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons petitions de> whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of ferred. themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southamptotit complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, and immediately adjourned the same till Monday, at Half an Hour alter Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

the Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and have agreed Mr. Spratigcr:

" Mr. Speaker,

Mkinne's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kane Bill, to enable Richard Johnstone Vanden Bempdi, Esquire Vot. 48,

And then the House was adjpumed, by Mr. Speaker, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

N rr

11° Februarii. A. 1793.

Luna, IV die Febr

Anno 33* Georgii IIIta Regis> 1793,

Prayers.

Warwick ^| ''HE Hour appointed for taking, into Considera-Election Pe- _L tion the Petition of the several Persons whose dcredC°nSl* ^ames are thereunto subrcribed, all legal Voters of the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and One hundred and Twenty-six Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Seven Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Honourable Major General Thomas Bruce, being drawn,' he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That be was a General Officer on the Staff, and liable to be immediately ordered upon the Public Service; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Ten other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Samuel Whitbread, Junior, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said* Committee, by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

And the Names of Five other Members then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Henry Dundas being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That, being One of His Majesty's principal Secretaries of State, he conceived it would be attended with material Interruption to Public Business, if he was obliged to serve on the said Committee; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and Mr. Secretary Dundas having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Four other Members, then pre-. sent, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of George Murray, Esquire, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was Commander of The Duke Man of War, now at ' and

liable to be immediately ordered on Service; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and- the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion

04

of the House was taken thereon; End he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Twenty other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable William Pitt being drawn, he offered to the fiouse, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That, being Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer, he conceived it would be attended with material Interruption to Public Business, if he was obliged to serve on the said Committee; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer having at the Table* \*erified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Benjamin Lelhieullier,

Esquire, Axsheton Curzon, Esquire, Sir John Call,

Baronet, Samuel Whitbread, Esquire, and George Gipps, Esquire, were drawn, wIjo, having sworn that they were Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, were excused from serving on the said Committee: And the Names of Eighteen other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside; Thirteen on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); and Five against whose Election Petitions were depending.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members nominated John Sargent, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

The Counsel and Agents being returned to the Bar, Warwick the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee de- Election livered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together ppo with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List, the Names of Samuel Whitbread, Junior, Esquire, and John Sargent, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and i9 as follows:

Thomas Wallace, Esquire, James Ferguson, Esquire,

Henry Drummond, Esquire, John Gaily Knight, Esquire,

Jeremiah Crutchley, Esquire, Nathaniel Dance, Esquire,

Sir James Grant, Baronet, Sir John Hadley D'Oyley,

Baronet, Thomas Calvert, Esquire, Mark Pringle,

Esquire, Robert John Burton, Esquire, John Curtis,

Esquire, John Pardoe, Esquire, Samuel Whitbread,

Junior, Esquire, John Sargent, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition, of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, all legal Voters of the Borough of -wick, in the County of Wanoick, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, were sworn by the Clerk, at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration StockbiiJ^ the Petition of Joseph Foster Barham and George Porter, Election Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons d

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of 1151 61 e ' themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the

Borough

33 Geo. 111*

ll° Febtuarii.

139

.mci

cDon

limits

Borough of Stockbridge, in the doarity of Southampton, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go,‘with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and One hundred and Thirty-four Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Name of the Honourable Major General Thomas Bruce being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he before stated to the House this Day; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Name of George , Esquire, being drawn,- he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he before stated to the House this Day; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Forty-nine Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-three other 'Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside. Thirteen on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Three against whose Election Petitions were depending; and Seven as then serving on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being Complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated Sir Francis Basset, Baronet; and the Counsel for the Sitting Members, nominated Rowland Burdon, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agent? withdrew.

Petition to amend Kirk-by Kendal Canal Act,

jtoett*/ lectio |

Vuii®

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making " and maintaining a Navigable Canal from " Kendal, in the County of IVto West Houghton, in the County Palatine of and also

" a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal,

" at or near Borwick, to or near Cragg, and

" also another Navigable Branch from or near " moss, by Chorley, to or near , in the said

" County Palatine of Lancasterand that the Right honourable Lord Archibald Ha, and William Brad-

slum Bradshaw, of Hallon Hall, in the said County, Esquire, in the last Session of Parliament, presented their Petitions to the House of Lords, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against certain Parts of the said Bill, and, pending their said Petitions, the Parties acting in the Prosecution of the said Bill, on Behalf of the said Company came to an Agreement with the said Lord Archibald Hamilton and William Bradshaw Bradshaw, and became bound to them respectively in the Sums of 20,000 /. each, that the said Company should cause a Bill to be brought Vol. 48.

into Parliament this present Session, and use their utmost Endeavours to procure the same to pass into a Law, for restraining and prohibiting the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, and their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, from diverting, taking, having, drawing, or using Water, of or from the Springs or Feeders of the River Wyer, and from felling, cutting down, or taking away any Timber, or other Trees, not growing on the Line of the said intended Canal, without the Consent, in Writing, of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, and also for restraining and prohibiting the said Company, and their Successors, and their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, from diverting, taking, having, drawing, or using Water from the River Loyne otherwise in the said County of Lancaster;and that the said Act is in

many Respects defective, and will require- to be amended and rendered more effectual, and if a Wa-vigable Branch was made from the said Canal at or near Golgate, in the Township of to communi-

cate with the said River Loyne, otherwise Lune, at a Place called Glasson Dock, within the Port of it would be of Convenience to the Petitioners, and of

treat Public Utility: And therefore praying, That eave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. DentMr. fVigiey, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send-for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Motion was made, and the Question' being put, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manu- Petitions in facturers, and other the Inhabitants of the Town of favour of the Preston, in the County of Lancaster: And also, Application A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Ma- KiH^y°Ken. nufacturers, Tradesmen, and other the Inhabitants dal Canal of the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Act. Lancaster,

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That Application is intended to be made to Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill to make a Navigable Branch from the Lancaster Canal Navigation, at or near Golgate, in the Township of Ellel, to communicate with the River Loyne, otherwise Lune, at a Place called Glasson Dock, within the Port of Lancaster: And praying, That the same may-pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable Francis Morton Lord Ducie, and the humble Petition of William Tayleur, Esquire, Thomas Towns Esquire, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the Townships of Morelon and Wilbrighton, in the Parish of Gnosall, in the County of Stafford, Two Pieces of Open Common, or Waste Land, One called Bromslon Heath, and the other called The Oulwood Common, which are the Property of the Petitioners and others; and that the said Pieces of Common or Waste Land are, in their present State, of very little Value, and are incapable of any Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted amongst the Petitioners and all other Persons interested therein,

according

Moreton and Wilbrighton Inclaeure P>

1

1

Brampton High Lane and Lancas ter Roads Petition

140 ll° Februar. A. 1793*

according to their respective Rights and Interests, the same might be cultivated and considerably improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Two Pieces of Common or Waste Land, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dent and the Earl Gower do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " repairing the Road leading from the East End of " Brumpton High Lane, in the County of York, to the

Town of Richmond, and from thence to and through " the Towns of Askrigg and Ingleton, in the said County, " to the-Town of Lancaster in the County of Lan~ caster," and the other passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for explaining and making more effectual the said former Act, and also, for repairing the " Road leading from Richmond aforesaid, through Gilling, Melsonby, and Aldborough, to otherwise

" Lousy Cross, and from Gilling, through Gilling Town " Lane, to the Turnpike Road on Moor,''

and of several of the Creditors who have lent their Monies on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which now' remain

unpaid, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts, which is near expiring, be further continued, and the Powers of the said Acts enlarged, altered, and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said several Acts> *n such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dent, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr, Newland, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account, from the Bank of England, of the

( 7 o '

Receipt and Expenditure of 1,759,274/. 9 s. 7 in One Year, from February 3d 1792 to January 31st 1793, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and of the Receipt of 342,920/. 3 7

to be. applied in the Quarter between the 1st February and 1st May 1793.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Au

Accoantof Reduction of National Debt presented.

g

cq

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

oo

-«)

o

Aw ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of 1,759,274/. 9*. 7<f. in One Year, from February 3d 1792 to January 31st 1793, by the Commissioners appointed

by 26th of Geo. III. for the Redaction of the National Debt.

D'

To Cash paid for the following Stock purchased as the Acts direct; viz.

Capital Stock,

615,200 Consol* .3 per Cent. Ann' -

633,550 Reduc'd Ann* Consol* - .

318,300 Old South Sea Ann*

309,600 New South Sea Ann* -

86,000 3 per Cent Ann* 1751 -

The said Commissioners with the Governor and Company of the Bank of,

----- ----- ----- 1 ——

C".

3. i.

£. 1,962,650

The Interest on which is 58,879/. per Annum.

10 s.

O

o

542,144 18 2

567,014 5 3 289,368 15 — 282,522 13 8 78,223 17 6

i,759»274 9 7

1

*51

Bank of England, 11th February 1793.

By Cash received at sundry Times; viz.

From the Exchequer, being Four Quarterly Issues -

- - D* - - per Act of 32* Geo. Ill, -

£. ",

For 6 Months Int. on 3,015,000 Consol* 3 per Cent. Ann*, due 5th Janr 1792 -

- - D* - - 1,040,000 New South Sea Ann* . - D*

- - D* - - 335,000 3 per Cent. Ann* 1751 - D*

- - D* , 2,495,000 Reduc'd Ann* Consol*, due 5 April 1792

- - D° - 1,475,000 Old South Sea Ann* - I)*

- - D* . - - 3,140,000 Consol* 3 per Cent Ann* due 5 July 1792

- - D* - 1,240,000 New South Sea Ann* D*

- - D* - - 380,000 3 per Cent. Ann* 1751 - D*

- - D* - - 2,940,000 Reduc'd Ann* Consol* due 10 Oct* 1792

- - D* - - 1,660,000 Old South Sea. Ann* - / D* ' - -

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Ann* on Lives, payable at the Exchequer, and unclaimed for 3 Years, before the 5th JanT 1792

D°

being the Amount of Ann* on Lives, expired between

5th Janr 1786 and 5th Janr i 792;

..... '

-.....- 1^45 —

- - .-2,46415

- - - - - 2,939 —

- - - 121 -13

- - - 384 —

being the Amount of Ann* for 99 and 96 Years which pired the 5th Febr 1792, viz.

For"99 Years - -32,254 ti

For 96 Years - 4,232 1

For the Amount of the Yearly Payment on the Annuity 1777 - .

Anno

1745

1746 1757

1778

1779 - - D* -

the

d.

ex -

i}

d.

£- 3.

1,000,000 — 400,000 —

45.225 — 15,600 — 5,025 —

' 37,425- —

22,125 —

47.100 18, Cop —

5,700 —

44.100 — 24,900 —

25,033 9 —

6,954^ 8

36,486 12 25,000 —

i,759^74 9 7-

m f I — -

the

By Cash received at sondry Times, tq be applied in the Quarter between the 1 st of February and

1st of May 1793.

1793.

Jan* 16. From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly Issue -

- - D* - being the Amount of Ann* for 99 and 96 Years

which have expired;

For 99 Years - 12,128 15. 7*1

For 96 Years - - 1,591 8 — /

For 6M*Int, on 3,525,000 Consol* 3 per Cent. Ann* due 5th JanT 1793

- - D* - i,335,oooo New South Sea Ann* - - D* -

- - D* - 420,000 3 per Centi Anu* 175,1 D°

A. Nezdaad, Chief Cashier,

250410© ——

13,720 3 7

52,875 ——

20,025 ——

6,300. ——

342,920 3 7

*33 ~Geo. III. .11 0 Febftiarii. 141

Petitions in favour of Netherton and St My " Oak Canal Bill*

Galley Hill and Claofield Road Bill committed.

Vtfoxeter; Stoke, &c. Roads Bill presented.

Royal Exchange Assurance Companies Bill committed.

Wiss's and Charretie s Nat. Petition.

Wadenhoe

Inclosure

Petition.

142 11° Februarii*4.1793.

Ordered, Thai the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Worcester, in Common Council convened: And also,

-A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the City of Worcester and the Neighbourhood thereof: Ana also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the High Bailiff, Resident Magistrates, Gentlemen, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Halesapoen, in the County of Salop, and the Neighbourhood thereof;

Were severally presented to the House, and, read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, That a Bill is depending in the House for making a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal Navigation, at or near Netherlon, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, at, or near, Selly Oak, with Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill, near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clanfield, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wigley, the Marquis of Blandf'ord, Se: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's. Chamber.

Mr. Wigley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from to the

Westwardly Part of Hardhvick Heath, ai)d for setting out and making a new Road from thence to Stoke, near Slone, and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Village of Mill-xoich to Sandon, in the County of Stafford: And the 6ame was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Compaaies, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon or for Lives, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, the Lord Mayor of London, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of John Anthony Wist, and John Isaac Charretie, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Mr. Maimearing do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Thomas Hunt, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Wadenhoe, in the County of Northampton, the Reverend Nathaniel Bridges, Doctor in Divinity, Patron of the Rectory of the Parish and Parish Church of W adenhoeaforesaid, and the Reverend Samuel Parr,

Doctor of Laws, Rector of the same Parish, and of the several other Owners and Proprietors of Lands

and Grounds within the Parish af Wadenhoe aforesaid, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, which lie intermixed and dispersed* in small Parcels, and in their present Condition are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be an Advantage to all Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, ‘That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the ! said Common and Open' Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, and that specific Parts and Shares may be» assigned and allotted unto and amongst the Petitioners, and other the Proprietors thereof, and Persons-interested therein, in Severalty, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their respective Lands, Tythes, Dues, Rights of Common, and other Interests therein, respectively, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a' Bid, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: Ancj that Mr. Dickins, and Sir William Dolben, do prepare* and bring in, the same.

Mr. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Commissioners appointed by, or by virtue of, an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting Piers in, " and for repairing and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Littlehampton, called Arundel Pori, in the ".County of JSussex," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills* had bhen complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in ha Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clierks Table: Where the same was read; and k as fetteweth; viz.

To prove the Allegation* of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Holmes being examined, said,- That in pursuance of the said Act, a large Sum. of Money was subscribed and borrowed for the Purposes thereof, and-Piers and Locks have been erected, and a new Cut made: That the Money so subscribed and borrowed-has been repaid, add One Moiety of the Duties granted by the said Act has long since ceased: That the said Act bath been foond insufficient- to answer the good Purposes thereby intended, and in many Parts to require Amendment and Explanation: That it would be a great Improvement to the said Port and Harbour, and the Trade thereof, as well as of Public Utility and Convenience, if a good ' Haling1 oc, Towing Track was made from the Entrance of the said ^Harbour to the Town of Arundel, for the- more- safe and expeditious Passage of Vessels, up and down tile River Arun and if Powers were vested in the Commissioners- acting under the said Act to improve the Navigation ofi the said River.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Sixth-Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting Piers in, and for re- pairing, and keeping m Repair, the Harbour of " Littlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the Chunty of " Sussex," and for empowering the Commissioners acting under the said Act to improve the Navigation ofi the-River Arun, from the said Harbour to the Town of Arundel, in the said County: And that Mr. Howard and Sir George Thomas do prepare, and bring in, the same.

03 A Petition

Littleliamp-ton Harbour Petition re* ported.

At«de«n Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town htitiwa. C* Council, of the City of Aberdeen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the City of Aberdeen has, of late Years, greatly increased in Buildings and Inhabitants, and the Avenues, Streets* Laues, and other Passages leading to and within the said City, are not properly paved, watched, lighted, and cleansed, and are likewise too narrow, indirect, and, of difficult Access, and require to be enlarged and altered, and new Roads and Avenues more direct and commodious made in their Places, and all Encroachments, Annoyances, and Obstructions' therein removed, nor is the said City sufficiently supplied with fresh and wholesome Water; and that the Prison or Common Goal of the said City is too small, and requires to be enlarged, and a Bridewell or House of Correction, for the Reception of Vagrants and Delinquents (who have greatly increased of late Years) is likewise much wanted; and that it would be greatly for the Safety of the said City, if.all Persons within the same were prohibited from keeping at any one Time in their Houses, Shops, or Warehouses, more than a certain Quantity of Gunpowder: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-' amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Cochrane,

&c. i And they are to meet Te-morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

Atherton Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, under

airfMiyOak their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and Canal Bill, read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners have, at a large Expence, made and completed a Navigable Canal, from the River Severn, at Siourport, in the County of to the Trent and Mersey Canal at Haywood, in the County of Stafford, a Space of about Forty-seven Miles; and, in pursuance of another Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, a Navigable Canal has been also made from the Town of firming* ham, to pass through the Coal Mines, and so on near to the Town of Wolverhampton, to communicate with the Petitioners said Canal at Autherley, in the said County of Stafford;and that the great Object of making the said Two Canals was not only to open a Commercial Intercourse between the Ports of Bristol, Hull, and Liverpool, and the interior Parts of the Kingdom, hut also to supply the Town of Birmingham, the City of Worcester, and the Counties of Warwick and Worcester, as well as other Towns and Places, with Coals, and the same has been accordingly effected, and the Public greatly benefited thereby; and that other Acte have since passed for making Canal Navigations from the said Birmingham Canal at Tipton, through the Coal Mines in the Neighbourhood of Dudley, and

Stourbridge, to communicate with the Petitioners Canal at Stourton, about Twelve Miles only from the River Sevetm, and the same are now completed, and are called the Dudley and Stourbridge Canals, the Objects of which Navigation were, by communicating at one End thereof with the Birmingham Canal at Tipton, and at the other End thereof with the Petitioners Carnal at Stourton, to open a nearer Communication' between Birmingham and the River Severn, and for supplying Birmingham, Worcester, and the otherTowBs near the Severn, and the Counties of Worcester, Warwick, Gloucester, and Hereford, with Coals from the several Mines lying in or Voi, 4SL

near the Line of the Dudley and- Canals*

and the Collateral Cuts and Branches of those Canals; and that, in the Year 1791, an Act passed for making another Canal from the Town of Birmingham to the River Secern at Dig/is, near Worcester, and the Same is now making* and called by the Name of The Worcester and Birmingham Canal, the Olyects of which said last mentioned Canal are, by the said Act, declared to be fot the Purpose of opening a Certain Communication be- tween the Ports of Bristol and Hull, and also between the Towh of Birmingham, the large Manufactories in

the Neighbourhood thereof, and the Cities of *

ter, Gloucester', and Bristol, and the several intermediate Parts, and for supplying the Counties of 4

IFdru'ick, Gloucester, and Her ford, with Coals front.

the Mines lying contiguous to the Line of the Bir- \

iningham Canal, and the several Branches thereof; and '

that, by Means of the aforesaid several Canals, Two Navigation Roads are already made, and a Third is now making, for supplying the same Markets from the same Mines; and that although the Extension of the Dudley Canal, to communicate with the Birmingham Canal at Tipton, has deprived the Petitioners ofc ft considerable Part of their Tonnage, and the Canal now making from Birnringham to Worcestei' must necessarily (when completed) deprive them of much more, yet the Petitioners understand that a Bill is depending in the House for making another Canal from the Dudley Canal to the Worcester, and Birmingham Canal at Sclly Oak, for the Purpose of conveying Coals from the Mines in the Neighbourhood of Dudley and Netherton, into the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at SellyOak, instead of conveying them either down

the Petitioners said Canal, or the Old Birmingham Canal, to the same Markets, which will be highly injurious to the Petitioners, without affording to the Public any real Advantage; and that the Petitioners conceive the proposed Canal is calculated more to answer private Purposes than any real Advantage to the Public, because Powers are already given, by the Dudley Canal Acts, to make Side Cuts, Railways, and Extensions, from the Dudley Canal into those Mines, the Execution of which Powers would answer every useful and necessary Purpose for the Public which can he effected by Means of the proposed new Canal, and thereby not only save the Expenditure of near 100,000l. but the great Injury which the Petitioners apprehend will result to them, and many other IndU viduals, if the said Bill should pass into a Law: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manu-. Petition froM facturers, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Woverlmrup-verhampton, in the County of Staffor, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was also presented to the House, |oa ane(f S*^T and read; Setting forth, That the greatest Part of o«k Canal7 the Petitioners are settled in the said Town and its Bill; Neighbourhood, and employed in the Manufactory of Iron, Steel, Copper, Brass, and other Metals, and the principal Raw Material for converting the said Metals into Wares is Coal, the Mines of which, lying within the Compass of the said Manufactories, being of good Quality, and in great Plenty, hath seated such Manu, factories in the said Town and its Neighbourhood, which have been increasing for many Years past, and are now arrived at such a Degree of Perfection and Extent, as to become an Object of great Concern to the Commerce and Wealth of this Kingdom; anti that the Raw Material, Iron Ore, being also found with the Coal within the Circle of the said Manufactory, the Petitioners have, with great Expence, established Founderies and Iron Works, and, by Means of a cheap Supply of Cod, they manufacture a great Part Of the Iron used by themselves from the Ore, which, until a late Period, wa* brought from Rutsia and other

Foreign

144

11° Feb ruarti.

A: 1793*

foreign States, and paid for in Bullion or foreign Bills of Exchange, and have also erected Smelting furnaces and Mills, for the refining and manufacturing of Copper, making of Brass, and converting other Metals from their Virgin State into Manufactures of Various Kinds, and the Whole is in a fair Prospect of arriving at that Degree of Perfection and Extension which cannot fail of yielding great Advantages to the Trade and Commerce of th*3* Kingdom, as well 'as redound to the Honour and Credit of the Manufacturer, if encouraged by the Protection and Support of Parliament; and that, in the Sixth, Eighth, Sixteenth, Twentieth, and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, various Acts have been obtained for making Canals1 through the County of Stafford, ind several adjacent Counties, to open a Conveyance by Water to all the large Trading Ports in this Kingdom, which said Canals, being now finished, and some of them passing through the Whole of the said Manufactory, answer every useful and necessary Purpose, in lowering the Price of, or supplanting, Land Carriage to the different Sea Ports and Inland Parts of the Kingdom; and that the Petitioners most seriously beg Leave to' remark to the' House, that the Prosperity, and even the Existence, of the Iron Manufactory depends upon the low Price of the Raw Materials used therein, especially upon the plentiful Supply and low Price of Coal, and that, to the cheap Supply and Plenty of that Article, the said Town and Neighbourhood owe their present flourishing Trade, that the increase of Canals must also increase the Price of Coals, in consequence of which the Manufacturers will raise their Demand on their various Articles, and the Merchants will be obliged to carry this great Branch of 'British Commerce to Foreign Markets, under the Disadvantage of an advanced Price; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is brought into the House for Power to make a Navigable Canal, from the Dudley Canal, in the County of , to

the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or near, Selly Oak, in the said County of and also

certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, and the Petitioners are informed that Petitions are intended to be presented for making other Canals from or near the Town of Birmingham, into the County of Warwick, for the Purpose of furnishing an additional Supply of Coals into the said Counties of Warwick and Worcester, and the Petitioners beg Leave to state, that the Inhabitants of those Parts of the said Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, which border upon the Rivers Secern and Avon, have now a plentiful Supply of Coals upon reasonable Terms, raised at the Mines in Staffordshire and Shropshire, and conveyed along the said Two Rivers, and that there is no Manufactory of any Consequence in the Line of the new projected Canals; and that the Petitioners most seriously beg Leave further to represent to the House, that the saving of a few Shillings in the Carriage of a Ton of Manufactured Wares is of little Consequence compared with the smallest Advance upon a Raw Material, and particularly upon the Article of Coal, the Consumption of which at the Mines within the said Manufactory, in the Year 1790, amounted to 844,952 Tons, and that an Advance of One Shilling per Ton in the Price of Coal is a Loss to the Consumers and Public of 42,247/. ioj. a Year, and advances the Price of Manufactured Iron One Pound a Ton, there being Twenty Tons of Coal consumed in making One Ton of Iron; and that the Coal Mines at and near Netherton are essential to the Support and Prosperity of the Nail Manufactory, as also of many large Iron Works, and other Manufactories of heavy Wares, established at and near that Place, to all which, as well as to the Cold Mines, the Dudley Canal is already open, and capable of serving every useful and Public Purpose; and the Petitioners beg leave to remark, that the Speculation upon Canals is

now carried to an enormous Extent, that, instead of . promoting the Public Good with laudable Enterprize,;

it is become a new System of Gambling, by which the unguarded will fall a Prey to Adventurers unless protected by the Wisdom of the House: And therefore praying, That the Representations contained in their Petition may be taken into Consideration, and that the Raw Material, Coal, the fundamental Support of their Manufactory, may be preserved. and secured to them and their Posterity against all new Schemes for additional Canals to carry Coal out of that Part of the County of Stafford, and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the Bill now depending for making such Canal from the Dudley Canal to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal at or near Selly Oak, and that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, toi the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making, at, or near, Selly Oak, in the said County* and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions. a

A Petition of the Right honourable William Earl' Petition t of Dartmouth, and also, the humble Petition of the', thu several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and others, Proprietors of imm ^L<j the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Fa?eley Ca-Navigations, was presented to the House, and read;'nal Navi£a-Setting forth, That in pursuance of the Powers * granted by Four Acts of Parliament, of the Eighth,1 Ninth, Twenty-third, and Twenty-fourth Years. '0$

His present Majesty's Reign, the Company of Pro- prietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham0 andf '

Fazeley Canal Navigatjopa, have made and complpt&<7 Navigable Canals (ronj Birmingham to Bilston; from fhencp SxC'Autherley, there communicatinsytitu „ tjje Canal made between the Rivers Secern and Trent, and also several Collateral Cuts up to seyeraP Cofdv Mines, and also, from a Place called in the County of Stafford, to Broadwater Fird JJngine, and several Collateral Cuts from the same to1 several Coal Mines, and £lso, from or near the Town of Birmingham to join the Coventry Canal at or near Fazeley, in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the Town of Birmingham; and that it appears, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, that an Extension of one of the Branches or Collateral Cuts of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, from its present Termination near Broadwater, in the Parish of Wednesbury, in the County of Stafford, through the Liberty or Township of Bilston, in the Parish of hampton, to the several Parishes of Wednesbury and Darleston, to or near a Place called Bilston Bridge, in the Liberty or Township of Bilston, in the said Parish of Wolverhampton, with a Collateral Branch or Cut from such Extension, to or near a Bridge on the Turnpike Road leading from Wff\ynhall to Walsall, called County

Bridge, in the Township and Parish aforesaid, and also a Collateral Cut or Canal from the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, near Winson Green in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to or near to a certain Road in the said Parish of Bh'mingham, leading from Soho to Hockley Pool, in the said Parish of Birmingham, navigable for. Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be

conveniently

Earl of

Berkeley's

Petition

against

Brauns ton

and Brentford

Canal Bill.

Petition from Proprietors of Lands in Hillingdon, Ac. against L* BUI.

33 Geo. III. 11

conveniently made, and the making and maintaining such Extension and Collateral Cuts or Branches, with proper Railways and > Roads to communicate therewith, will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Town of Birmittgham, and also to the several Counties which are supplied with Coals, and other Articles of Trade and Commerce, from , and its

Neighbourhood, and will be of general Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making find maintaining such Extension and Collateral Branches and Cuts as aforesaid, with proper Railways, and other Roads to communicate - therewith, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edwar Mr Stanley, Ac.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Augustus Earl of Berkeley, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Canal

Navigation at Braunston in the County of to join the River Thames, at Nezv Brentford, in the County of 'Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Owner and Occupier of the Mansion House of Cranford, in the said County of Middlesex, a Family Scat' of the Petitioner and his Ancestors for upwards of Two Centuries past, and which hath been kept up and lately improved by the Petitioner at a very considerable Expence; and that the said Canal in its intended Course through the Parish of Harlingion will run so near the said Family Seat as totally to destroy the Comfort of the Petitioner, and the Security of his Property, by making a public Way for Bargemen and others at all Hours of the Night, as well-as by Day, close to Lis Ground, and within a few Hundred Yards of his House; and that in carrying the intended Canal so near to the Petitioner's said Family Seat the Projectors appear to have wantonly, or at least unnecessarily, deviated from the obvious Line of it, notwithstanding an Application and Remonstrance on the Part of the Petitioner while the Scheme was in Agitation, and before the present Line of the Canal was finally laid down: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that he may be otherwise relieved from the Injury he is threatened with, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen and others, whose Names are thereunder written, Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands within the Parishes or Districts of Hillingdon, Harlingion, Hayes, Norwood, , and Drayton, in

the County of Middlesex, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners, in case the said Bill is suffered to pass into a Law, will be materially injured, inasmuch as several of the Lands and Grounds through which it is intended the said Canal shall pass (and of which Lands and Grounds the Petitioners are Proprietors and Occupiers respectively) will he divided from each other, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and particularly to such of them as are Proprietors and Occupiers of Common Field Lands; and the said Bill will also, if suffered to pass into a Law, be in other Respects injurious to the Petitioners; Vol. 48.

bruarii. k 145

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel he admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Inverness Freeholders and Owners of Land in the County of In- p^.

verness, was presented to the House, and read; Setting tion forth, That the Laws now in force in Scotland, for making and repairing Roads and Bridges, have been found insufficient in the County of Inverness, and other and further Powers are necessary to carry the Intention of the Laws into Execution; and that in some Cases Doubts have arisen as to the Description of Persons chargeable towards making and repairing the Highways, and, in general the effectual Enforcement of the Performance of the Statute Work, and the proper Application of it in the said County, is attended with much Difficulty and Trouble; and that in many Places it has been found more useful and more effectual, as well as more easy and convenient, for Persons liable in Statute Services to establish a reasonable Composition in.

Money in Lieu of actual Labour, and that, in many Respects, it will* be of real Advantage to the said County to convert the Statute Labour into Money, or to assess a cei % un Sum in Place of the Performance of such Services, and to ascertain the Rate and Mode of levying such Assessment, and also to authorize a further Sum than is at present levyable by Law to be levied for Road and Bridge Money in the said County:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the said County of Inverness, and for the other Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Macleod, Major Maitland, Ac.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of the Petition to Bank of England, was presented to the House, and !"|;,rSe lbe read; Setting forth. That, by virtue of Two Acts of Bunlw Parliament, made in the Fourth and Sixth Years of the the Reign of His present Majesty, sundry Houses,

Ground, and Premisses, were purchased by the Petitioners, and the Edifice of the Bank very much enlarged, and the Passages leading thereto made more commodious; and that, by Two other Acts, made in the Fifth and Twenty-first Years of His said Majesty's Reign, the Glebe Land, Parsonage House, and Premisses belonging to the Rector of the Parish of Saint Christopher leStocks, London, adjoining to the Bank, and also, the Parish Church, and the Materials and Scite thereof, and the Church Yard thereto adjoining, were vested in the Petitioners, for the Use of the Bank, upon making a Recompence as therein mentioned, which enabled the Petitioners still further to enlarge their said Edifice for the Public Convenience, and the Petitioners have also purchased other Houses,

Ground, and Premisses, adjoining to the Bank, not included in the said Acts; and that the Petitioners are now become the Owners and Proprietors, not oulv of

P p the

11° Februarii. . 1793.

the Scite, Ground, and Soil, oh which the Edifice called The Bank of England is erected, but of Certain Houses, and the Scite, Ground, and Soil, situate and extending along the whole East Side of Princes and certain Premisses on the South Side of between Princes Street and Bartholomew Lane, and also, the whole of the West Side of Bartholomew Lane, except Three Houses adjoining to Lothbury; and that the several Houses and Premisses on the South Side of Lothbury, abutting on The Bank, and the said Three Houses on the West Side of Bartholomew Lane, are the only Premisses which adjoin or intersect the said Edifice called The Bank of England, and the other Premisses of which the Petitioners are the Owners and Proprietors, and it would add very much to the Security and Safety of the said Edifice, if the said Buildings were taken down, the same being in a ruinous Condition, and Part thereof constructed with Brick and Timber, and other Parts thereof with Lath and Plaister and Weather-boarding, and various hazardous Trades are now carried on in Parts of the said Premisses, which are so situated, that in case of Fire, the Edifice of the Bank of England would be greatly endangered: and that the Petitioners are desirous of purchasing all the said Premisses, so that they may become seised and possessed of all the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premisses, situate, lying, and being between Threadneedle Street on the South, Princes Street on the West, Lothbury on the North, and Bartholomew Lane on the East, which will enable the Petitioners to enlarge their said Edifice, and to insulate the same, and thereby tend very much to the Security and Safety of the said Edifice, and the Convenience of the Public; and that great Part of the said Premisses, which the Petitioners are desirous of purchasing, are subject to Charitable Uses, and other Parts thereof are comprized in Marriage Settlements, or otherwise so limited, that a good Title cannot be made to the same, and other Impediments prevent the Petitioners from purchasing the said Premisses, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear to be proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel Thornton, the Lord Mayor of London, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Bill for pre- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill venting For- for the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds in the TmnsferTat11 Transfers of the several Funds transferrable at the the Bank, or- Bank of England: And that Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. dered. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition to Mr. Peel reported from the Committee, to whom extend the the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-Bolton*8^' holders, Millholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and BuryCanal others, interested in the Prosperity of Agriculture and reported. Commerce, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, and of the Company of Proprietors of the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, whose Seal is thereunto affixed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw ards delivered

it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Matthew Fletcher being examined, said, That the extending, cutting, and making the Manchester,

Bolton, and Bury Canal, navigable from Bury aforesaid, by Rochdale and Littleborough in the County of Lancaster, to or near to a certain Place called Bridge, in the County of York, and also from Bolton aforesaid, to or near to a certain Place in the said;

County of Lancaster, called Red Moss, would be of great Public Advantage, promote Agriculture and Commerce, and be of infinite Use in facilitating as well the Conveyance of Merchandizes brought from and carried into distant Parts, and manufactured, used, and consumed in the aforesaid Towns and the adjacent Country, as of the Produce thereof to and from the >

Neighbourhood. , -

Mr. Charles Mc Niven and Mr. Bennett

confirmed the above Evidence — and Mr. Bennett further said, That he has made a Survey of the said intended Canal, and finds that the same may be made effectually to answer the Purposes thereby intended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly at, a Place called Mill, in the

Parish of Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to and into the Calder Navigation, at or near Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding-of the County of York, and also another Navigable :[

Canal from the said Manchester, Bolton, and Bury v

Canal, at Bolton, to a Place at or near to Red Moss, in the Township of Blacb'od, in the said County of Lancaster: [

And that Mr. Peel and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants; Manu- Petition from facturers, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Tamworth Tamworth, in the Counties of Wand Stafford, *j*""*^j‘ -was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Se*iy Q*k That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending Canal Bill. in the House for making a Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or near, Oak, in the said County, which is to run in a parallel Direction to the old Birmingham and Fazeley Canal for near Eleven Miles, the Object of which Bill is to convey Coals from the Netherton and other Mines, lying near to the Line of the Birmingham Canal, into the '

Worcester and Birmingham Canal, below the Town of Birmingham, instead of conveying them to that Town; and that the Petitioners are also informed, that an Application is likewise making to the House for a Bill for making a Collateral Branch or Cut from the said Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, into the said Ne- ®

therton and other Mines to the said Dudley Canal,

which is a Distance of Five Miles only, by which,

Means the Coals from the Netherton and other Mines may be brought immediately into the Birmingham f

Market at a much less Expence, and the Petitioners, *

and the several other different Markets in Want of 511

Coals, may be better, cheaper, and more regularly

served than by the proposed Canal to Oak: And *

therefore praying, That the said Bill for making the 15

said Canal from the Dudley Canal to the Worcester and 11

Birmingham Canal at Selly Oak may not pass into a *

Law, but that the Proprietors of the Birmingham and

Fazeley Canal Navigation may be empowered to ex* 1

tend their Canal through the said Netherton and other *

Mines, to the said Dudley Navigation. 1

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, 1

until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable '

Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of 1

Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now I

making 1

33 Geo. III. 11° Februa 147

making at, or near, Selly Oak, in the said County, and Liverpool with Coal and Cannel, and the Lands also certain Collateral Cuts to commurticate therewith, through which it will pa, ss with Lime, and will, in

be read a Second Time. other Respects, be of Public Utility. — That in Order

to make the said Deviation, and to complete the said Petiiioo A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal, it will be necessary that the said Company of

9"' Canal Navigation from Manchester, to or near Ashton Proprietors should be empowered to borrow a further

BnT^nd undci' Lyne, and Oldham, was presented to the House, Sum of Money.

CombroTk and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners were by Mr. Charles Mc Niven being examined, confirmed Caul Bill, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, united the above Evidence.

into a Company, and were authorized to make and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

maintain a Navigable Canal from Manchester, to or enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navi-

near Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, in the County gation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the

Palatine of Lancaster; and that the Petitioners have g^d Canal Navigation, and to raise a further Sum of

begun to carry the said Act, and the Powers thereby Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal

vested in them, into Execution, and have already ex- Navigation; and for other Purposes: And that Mr.

pended very considerable Sums of Money in the Pur- Bl and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and

chase of Lands for the said Canal, and in cutting and bring in, the same.

making the same, and the Works belonging the reto:

And taking Notice of the Bill for making and main- ,

taining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Saddlewortf* at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Pansh of whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names widGlossop Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Mer-the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the chants, Woollen Clothiers, and other Manufacturers reported. Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lan- and Residents within the several Counties of

raster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said Chester, Lancaster, and Derby, or some of them, was intended Canal: And further Setting forth, That the referred; That the Committee had examined, and found Petitioners are thoroughly convinced that the said Bill, Standing Orders of the House, relative to

if passed into a Law, as it now stands, will be very Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, except so injurious to their Property and Interest, by depriving ^ar as relates to the repairing of the Branch of Road them of a considerable Part of the Profits they may froaa. or nearty ^om, Copley Meadow to Bridge,

expect to receive from the Use and Enjoyment of the which was not mentioned in the Notices, it not being said Canal, which they are now making by- virtue of intended to include the same under the Act until after the said Act: And therefore praying, That they may the Ti.me limited for giving the Notices required by be heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of the the sa*d Standing Orders, and that the said Brancn said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not is about Half a Mile in Length, and the Owner of the pass into a Law as it now stands. Land on each Side thereof is consenting thereto, and

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the that lt is not intended to erect any Gate or take any Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill Toll thereon; and that the Committee had examined is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their to report the same, as it appeared to them, to Petition, if they think fit. the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said To prove the Allegations of the said Petition

Petition. Mr. George Worthington being examined, said, Thht

at present many of the Merchants, Woollen Clothiers, kekand Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants in Micklehurst,

T00* whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Stayley, and in the County of

Nmiition ,be Lanai Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was Chester, Ludworth, Mel lor, Thomset Hamlet,

P<titM referred; That the Committee had examined, and found and Great Hamlet, in the County of Derby, and the that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Neighbourhood thereof, sustain very great Inconvenience Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the and Loss in carrying on their Merchandize, Trade, and Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- Dealings with the Towns of Huddersfield, tion, and had directed him to report the same, as it Leed

appeared to them, to the House; and he read the in the Frith, and Places adjacent, for the Want of a Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at good Road from or near a Place called French Top, in the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is the Parish of in the West Riding of the

as followeth; viz. County of York, through Micklehurst, Matley,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, and Hattersley, in the Parish of Mottram in Longden-Three Acts, passed in the Tenth, Twenty-third, and dale, in the County of Chester, Ludworth,

Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for Mellor, Thomset Hamlet, and Great Hamlet, to Brook-making and completing the said Canal, were read: houses, in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby,

And, and for Want of a Branch from and out of the said

Mr. Matthew Fletcher, being examined, said, That intended Road, at or near a Close called Copley Meadow,

great Part of the said Canal is completed, and in Execu- in Stayley aforesaid, to or near Stayley Bridge, in the tion; and that upon an Examination of that Part of said County of Chester, to communicate between the the Line which remains unfinished, it appears that by said Towns of Huddersfield, Half ax, Leeds, making a Deviation therefrom, and carrying the said Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, and Chapel en le Frith,

Canal through the several Parishes and Places men- and the populous and trading Parts of the Towns tioned in the Petition, much greater Advantage will be and Places adjacent to the said Road, and that such derived to the Public and the said Company of Pro- Road cannot be rtiade, repaired, widened, turned, prfetors, than by the present Line, as it will not only altered, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of open an easy, safe, and commodious Communica- Law.

tion through a populous and trading Country, and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for between the Ports of Hull and Liverpool, and various making and maintaining a Road from, 'or nearly from, other Places, but will tend to supply the Town of French Top, in the Pansh of ,in the West

Vol. 48. Ridins

Petition to extend the Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham Canal reported.

148

110 Februttrii. A. 1793.

Hiding of the County of Yorkto in the

Parish of Glossop, in the County of and for re-

pairing and altering the Road leading from, or nearly from, a Close called Copley Meadow, in Stayley, to, or near to, Stayley Bridge, in the County of Chester: And that Mr. Blackbu me and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, whose Commofi Seal is thereunto annexed, and also, of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Residents, in the Towns of Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham, in the County of Lancaster, and the Neighbourhood thereof, and the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was re-

ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Brown being examined, said, That the extending and making navigable the Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham intended Canal, from a certain Place called Clayton Demesne, in the Township of Droylsden, in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a certain Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the Sign of the Three Boars Heads, and from, or nearly from, a certain Place called Taylors Barn, in the Township of Reddish, to Denton, at a Place called Beat Bank, adjoining to the Turnpike Road leading between Stockport and Ashton under Lyne, and also from the intended Aqueduct Bridge at or near a Place called Waterhouses, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to Hollimcood, in the Township of Oldham aforesaid, will be of great Public Utility, by opening a Communication with large and extensive Collieries and Coal Works, which lie upon and near to the said Lines of Extension, and be a Means of carrying and conveying Coals and other Minerals, at a cheaper Rate, from the said Collieries and Coal Works to the Towns of Manchester and Stockport, and the Neighbourhood thereof.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Wanton thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting into ^oai* Execution an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Petltl0D-Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " enlarge the Term contained in Two several Acts of " Parliament, and to grant a further Term and Powers " for the moro effectual repairing, widening, and " amending the Road, from a Place called EaH's Kill,

" in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in ,in

" Wigan, both in the County of Lancaster," and also, of the several Gentlemen, Merchants, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto also subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Towns of and

Wigan, and the several Townships through which the said Road passes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of the said Act of the Tenth Year of IBs present Majesty, the Trustees, acting in the Execution of the Powers thereby created, borrowed large Sums of Money upon the Security of the Tolls thereby granted, and therewith, and with the said Tolls, caused the Cart Causeway, or Pavement, which had been made by virtue of the Two several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, to be taken up, and made much wider and more commodious, and therein expended many Thousand Pounds; and that the Tolls arising from the Turnpike Gates erected across the said Road are insufficient to pay, or keep down, the Interest of the Money borrowed, and now due, upon the Security thereof, and to maintain and keep the said Causeway or Pavement in Repair, which is become in a very ruinous Condition; and that the said Ttlrnpike Road cannot be amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, nor the Money owing upon the Credit thereof be repaid, unless the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign shall be continued for a further Time, and the Tolls thereby granted, enlarged and made more effectual: And therefore praying, 'Phut Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackbume, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

J3

P:.

r

a:

sc.

E;

y

Mr. John Lees confirmed the above Evidence; and further said, That he has made a Survey of the said a Petition of John Blackbume of OrforJ within Liverpool intended Extensions of Canal, and is. of Opinion, that Warrington, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Es- Salt Work*

the same may be made effectually to answer the Pur- q„jre, and of John Blackbume, of Liverpool, in the et

poses thereby intended. said County of _ Esquire, on Behalf of them-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to selves and the several other Persons, interested in the enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Na- Salt Works hereafter mentioned, situate at Liverpool, vigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne, in the said County of Lancaster, was presented to the.

and Oldham, to extend the said Canal from a Place House, and read; Setting forth. That, prior to the

called Clayton Demesne, in the Township of Droylsden, loth Day of May 1702, there were established at the in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a Place in the Town of Liverpool certain Works for the refining Turnpike Road in Heaton Norris, leading between of Rock Salt, which were the Property of the An-Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the House known cestors of the Petitioners and the said other Persons, by the Sign of the Three Boars Heads, and from, or the present Proprietors thereof; and that the said nearly from, a Place called Taylor s Bam, in the Town- Works, which were at their first Establishment situate ship of Reddish, to Denton, at a Place called Beat Bank, at the Out-skirts of the said Town, are now surround-adjoining the Turnpike Road leading between Stock- ed by a great Circuit of Houses, Warehouses, and port and Ashton under Lyne, and also from the intended other Buildings, and the Smoak, occasioned by the Aqueduct Bridge at or near a Place called Water- said Works, is a great Nuisance and Annoyance to the houses, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to Inhabitants in the Neighbourhood thereof in particu-Hollinwood, in the Township of Oldham aforesaid: And lar, and to the said Town in general; and that, from that Mr. Blackbume and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, the great Number of Flatts, or Barges, coming with and bring in, the same. Rock Salt and Coals down the River Mersey "to the

1 .

t|

(I

Si

c

33 Geo. III. 11° Februarii.

said Works, great Inconveniencies arise to the Ships and Vessels resorting to the Docks and Quays at the said Town (the Number of which is greatly increased of late Years) and much Hindrance and Delay is occasioned both to the Business of the said Salt Works, and to the Trade and Commerce carried on at the Port of Liverpool; and that the Petitioners, and the other joint Proprietors of the said Works, are desirous, as well for the Accommodation of the Public, as for their own particular Convenience, to remove the same to some convenient Situation within the Manor or Lordship of Garston, which is about Six Miles distant from the said Town, but the intended New Scite of the said Salt Works being more than Ten Miles from the Pits from whence the Rock Salt to be refined thereat will be supplied, which is the Distance limited by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds on the " Duties upon Salt, and for the better Payment of " Debentures at the Custom House," such Removal cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament.' And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to authorize the Establishment of the said intended Salt Works as above-mentioned, in lieu of the present Salt Works at Liverpool, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the blouse shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bastard, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

RockTOdfoe A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy,

to tonal*" ^rat^ers> Freeholders, and others, residing or having

Pftiiim! Estates within the County of Salop, or Town of Shrewsbury, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by Surveys and Levels lately made and taken, that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels may be made from the North End of the Canal, known by the Name of The Shropshire Canal, in the Township of Rockwardine Wood, in the County of Salop, through the several Parishes of Rockwardine, JVomtnidge, Wellington, EytPreston, Longdon, High Ercall, Rodington, Withington, Upton, Atcham, and Uffington, in the said County of Salop, and Saint Chad, Saint Alkmond, Saint Julian, and Saint Mary, in the Liberties of the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County of Salop, to the Town of Shrervsbury aforesaid; and that the making of such Navigable Canal, and proper Railways, and Roads to the same, will open a Communication with several Mines of Coal and Limestone, and will be of Benefit to Persons residing near the Line of the said intended Canal, as well as to the Owners of such Mines, and will also be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such a Navigable Canal as aforesaid, with proper Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Richard Hill,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vo l. 48.

The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Stockbridga returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the Election said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel PP in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Sir Francis Basset, Baronet, and Rowland Burdon, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

John Pitt, Esquire, Lord Viscount Weymouth, Lord George Thynne, Charles Callis Western, Esquire, Wil-

liam Crosbie, Esquire, Alexander Allardyce, Esquire, the Honourable Edward James Eliot, Lord Viscount Parker, the Lord Valletort, Major General Adeane,

William Curry, Esquire, Robert Salusbury, Esquire,

Colonel Norman M'Leod, Sir Francis Basset, Baronet,

Rowland Burdon, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Joseph Foster Barham and George Porter, Esquires; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Stockbridge, in the county of,

were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Mr. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That King'»Mej-he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, »ag* respect-signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to *f‘

the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the War by Members of the House being uncovered) and is as France, followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty thinks proper to acquaint the House of Commons, that the Assembly now exercising the Powers of Government in France have, without previous Notice, directed Acts of Hostility to be committed against the Persons and Property of His Majesty's Subjects, in Breach of the Law of Nations, and of the most positive Stipulations of Treaty, and have since, on the most groundless Pretences, actually declared War against His Majesty and The United Provinces: Under the Circumstances of this wanton and unprovoked Aggression, His Majesty has taken the necessary Steps to maintain the Honour of His Crown, and to vindicate the Rights of His People; and His Majesty relies with Confidence on the firm and effectual Support of the House of Commons, and on the zealous Exertions of a brave and loyal People, in prosecuting a just and necessary War, and in endeavouring, under the Blessing of Providence, to oppose an effectual Barrier to the further Progress of a System which strikes at the Security and Peace of all independent Nations, and is pursued in open Defiance of every Principle of Moderation, Good Faith, Humanity, and Justice.

In a Cause of such general Concern, His Majesty has every Reason to hope for the cordial Co-opcratioft of those Powers who are united with His Majesty by the Ties of Alliance, or who feel an Interest in preventing the Extension of Anarchy and Confusion, and in contributing to the Security and Tranquillity of Europe.

G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Q q Lord

Ausvrtr to Address.

Lord Auckland's Declaration, &c. to the States General presented.

150 11° Febrttani. 1793.

‘Lord Viscount Parker reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Declaration made by Lord Auckland to the States General of The United Provinces on the 13th of November 1792; and also a Copy of the Memorial presented by Ijord Auckland to the States General of the United Provinces on the 25th January last) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Declaration delivered by Lord Auckland to the States General of The United Provinces, fated Hague, November 16th 1792; and Translation:

And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Memorial presented by Lord Auckland to the States General of The United Provinces, dated Hague, January 25th 1793; and Translation. Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session: And the said Translations are as followeth; viz.

TRANSLATION of a Declaration delivered by Lord Auckland to the States General of The United Provinces ,dated Hague, November 16th

1792-

DECLARATION.

The undersigned Ambassador Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of His Majesty,

has received the King's Orders to inform their High Mightinesses the States General of The United Provinces, that His Majesty, seeing the Theatre of War brought so near to the Frontiers of the Republic by the recent Events which have happened, and being sensible of the Uneasioess which may naturally result from such a Situation, thinks it due to the Connection which subsists between Him and the Republic, that He should renew to their High Mightinesses on this Occasion, the Assurances of His inviolable Friendship, and of His Determination to execute, at all Times, with the utmost good Faith, all the different Stipulations of the Treaty of Alliance so happily concluded in 1788, between His Majesty and their High Mightinesses.

In making to their High Mightinesses this Declaration, the King is very far from supposing the Probability of any Intention on the Part of the Belligerent Parties to violate the Territory of the Republic, or to meddle in the internal Concerns of its Government. The Kino is persuaded that the Conduct which, in Concert with His Majesty, their High Mightinesses have hitherto observed, and the Respect to which the Situation of His Majesty and the Republic justly entitles them, are sufficient to remove any Ground of such Apprehension. His Majesty, therefore, confidently expects that no Events of the War will lead to any Circumstance from without, which may be injurious to the Rights of their High Mightinesses; and He strongly recommends to them to employ, in concert wih His Majesty, an unremitted Attention and Firmness to repress any Attempts which may be made to disturb the internal Tranquillity of the Provinces.

His Majesty has directed this Communication to be made to their High Mightinesses, in the full Persuasion that nothing can more effectually conduce to the Interest and Happiness of both Countries, than the Continuance of that intimate Union which has been established between them fqr the Maintenance of their own Rights and Security, and with a View to contribute to the general Welfare and Tranquillity of Europe.

(Signed) Auckland.

Hague, November 16th 1792.

TRANSLATION of a Memorial presented by Lord Auckland, His Britannick Majesty's Minister at the Hague, to their High Mightinesses The States General.

High and Mighty Lords,

The undersigned Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of His Britannick Majesty, takes the earliest Opportunity, in consequence of the express Orders of the King, to ley before your High Mightinesses Copies of all the Papers which have been exchanged, since the 27th of December last to the 20th of this Month, between Lord Grenville, Secretary of State to His Majesty, and M. Chauvelin.

The King, High and Mighty Lords, is firmly persuaded, that the Sentiments and Principles expressed on the Part of Great Britain are perfectly conformable to those which animate your Republic, and that your High Mightinesses are disposed fully to concur in ttye Measures which the present Crisis demands, and which are a necessary Consequence of these Sentiments and Principles.

The Circumstances which have led to this Crisis are too recent, and the Conduct of the King too well known, for the undersigned to have Occasion here to enter into any long Detail. It is not quite Four Years since certain unhappy and deluded Persons, assuming the Name of Philosophers, have presumed to think themselves capable of establishing a new System of Civil Society. In order to realize this Dream, the Offspring of Vanity, it became necessary for them to overturn and destroy all established Notions of Subordination, of Morals, and of Religion, which had hitherto constituted the Security, the Happiness, and the Consolation of Mankind. These destructive Projects have but too well succeeded; but the Effects of the new System which they wished to introduce, have only served to demonstrate the Folly and Wickedness of its Authors. The Events that have since so rapidly followed, surpass, in Atrocity, all that has hitherto sullied the Page of History. Property, Liberty, Security, and even Life itself, have been the Sport of this unbridled Phrenzy of the Passions, of this Spirit of Rapine, of Hatred, and of the most cruel and unnatural Ambition. The Annals of Mankind cannot present a Period in which, in so short a Space, so many Crimes have been committed, so many Misfortunes produced, and so many Tears shed; in a Word, at this very Moment these Horrors appear to have attained their utmost Height.

During all this Time the King, surrounded by His People, who enjoyed under the Favour of Providence a degree of Prosperity without Example, could not behold the Misfortunes of others without the strongest Emotions of Pity and Indignation; but, faithful to His Principles, His Majesty has never permitted Himself to interfere in the internal Affairs of a Foreign Nation, He has never departed from that System of Neutrality which He had adopted.

This Conduct, which the King has seen with Satisfaction to have been equally observed by your High Mightinesses, the good Faith of which all Europe has acknowledged, and which ought to have been respected on many other Accounts, has not been sufficient to secure His Majesty, His People, and the Republic, from the most dangerous and the most criminal Conspiracies.

For several Months past Projects of Ambition and

Aggrandizement,

33 Geo. III.

11° Februarii.

m

Aggrandizement, dangerous to tod Tranquillity and the Security of all Europe, have beta openly avowed: Attempts have, been made to spread throughout England, and this Country, Maxims subversive of all social Order; and they have not scrupled to give to

Mr. Secretary Dundat presented to the House, ac- Bat*# law-

cording to Order, a Bill to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this MMaJifen Kingdom, and of Substitutes serviqg therein; and to presented, explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in

these detestable Attempts, the Name of Resolutionary the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, inti-

_____ A_____i. ] 1 — l rP _________a ii .11 r/ A A . n l i i /A

Power. Ancient and soleirin Treaties, guaranteed by the King, have been infringed, and the Rights and Territory of the Republic haste been violated. His Majesty has therefore in His Wisdom judged it necessary to make Preparations proportioned to the Nature of the Circumstances. The King has consulted his Parliament; and the Measures which His Majesty has thought fit to Tomorrow Morning, take, have been received with the most lively and unanimous Approbation of a People, who abhor Anarchy . Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Estimate*, and Irreligion, who love their King, and will maintain Majesty's Command, &c. pre-

tuled, " An Act for amending, and reducing into One " Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia " in that Part of Great Britain called And

the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Estimate of the Charge of an Alimentation to His seuUH,‘ Majesty's Forces, from 24th January 1793 to 24th ^oism Force* December following, both inclusive, being 335 Days; and of One Regiment of Foot from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of One hundred Independent Independent Companies of Foot to be raised in the Year 1793: Companies. And also.

Estimate of the Charge of additional General and Additional General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year General and 1793: And also, Staff Officer*.

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of Embo dd several Counties m South Britain, from the respective Disposition of the King in every Thing which His Periods therein mentioned to the 24th December 1793>

Majesty has hitherto done. You will not be less sen- inclusive: And also,

sible of it, in the Measures which are now preparing: Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies, of the Contingea-

In consequence, His Majesty is persuaded that He shall Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of Poundage continue to experience on the Part of your High for the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1793: And jj, ja Mightinesses, a perfect Conformity of Principles and also,

Conduct. This Conformity can alone give to the Estimate of the Charge of a Corps of Light Dra- A Corps of United Efforts of the Two Countries, Energy'ne- goons for Service in Jamaica; of several Regiments of for ja. cessary for their common Defence, to oppose a Bar- Foot; and of Supernumerary Private Men of His Ma- Ac. rier to those Evils with which Europe is menaced, jesty's Forces, from the respective Periods therein men-

their Constitution Such, High and Mighty Lords, are the Motives of a Conduct, the Wisdom and Equity of which have hitherto insured to the King your Concert and Cooperation.

His Majesty, in all that he has done, has ever been vigilant in the Support of the Rights and Security of The United Provinces. The Declaration which the Undersigned had the Honour to deliver to your High Mightinesses on the Thirteenth of November last, and the Arrival of a small Squadron, destined to protect the Coasts of the Republic, until their own Maritime Force should be assembled, are strong Proofs of this Fact. Your High Mightinesses have witnessed this

and to preserve against every Attempt, the Security, the Tranquillity, and the Independence of a State, the Happiness of which your High Mightinesses ensure by the Wisdom and Firmness of your Government.

Done at the Hague, the 2.5th of January 1793.

(Signed) Auckland.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

tioned to the 24th December 1792, inclusive. Together with a Schedule of the said Estimates. And the said Schedule was read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Vot 48.

ESTIMATE

O5

to

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Augmentation to His Majesty's Forces, from 24th January 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 335 Days; and of

One Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

D

CQ‘

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

FT

CORPS.

Additional Troop to the First Regiment of Life Guards - - Ditto - - to the Second Regiment of Ditto -

Deduct the Charge of the Officers of the Reduced Grenadier Guards appointed to these Troops

Augmentation to the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards

- - Ditto — to the First Regiment of Dragoon Guards

- - Ditto - - to the Second Regiment of Ditto

- Ditto - - of Eleven Regiments more of Dragoon Guards, and Dragoons, of the same Numbers -

Augmentation to the First Regiment of Foot Guards

- - Ditto — to the Coldstream Regiment of Ditto -

- - Ditto - - to the Third Regiment of - - Ditto -

- - Ditto — to the First Battalion of the Royal

Regiment of Foot - -

- - Ditto - - to Forty-seven Battalions more of the same Numbers ——

Numbers.

56

56

99

240

2,640

Augmentation to a Company of Invalids -- - Ditto - - to Thirty Companies more

Deduct the Charge for Half a Year of the Out-Pensioners appointed to these Companies -

532

342

342

190

8,930

34

1,020

112

117

2,979

Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men.

S. d.

2,525

7,647

i 3

— 2

84,117 1 10

1,216

9,120

1,702 18 4 80,037 1 8

284 15 — 8,542 10 —

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men.

£. s. d.

437 5 7

1,082 11 9

11,908 9 3

Agency.

£. s. d.

7616 5 166 7 5

1,830 1 7

49315

23,206 5

47 9 2

1,423 15 —

Allowances to Captains, Paymasters. Surgeons, and Hiding Masters.

£. s. d.

22 12 3 211 711

2,325 7 1

20 4 9l 95» 5 2 f

175 10 8

8,250 i 4

TOTAL

t —

£. s. d.

3,630 1 3

3,630 1 3

7,260 2 6

1,691 15 —

3,061 15 6

9,107 7 3

100,180 19 9

8,051 3 4

5,175 15 —

5,175 15 —

2,392 8 9i

112,444 13 3 }

332 4 2

9,966 5 —

10,298 9 2

3,888 15 —

£. s. d.

5,568 7 6 4,974 15 —

112,350 2 6

18,402 13 4

114,837 2 —

CM

ft

6,409 14 2

<0

CO

<1 Independent Company of Invalids - 109 . L. 1,229 3 4 147 19 2 1 22 2 — 91 15 7 1,490 19 1

t-. Eleven Companies more - Deduct the Charge of the Supernumerary Officei Invalids, and of the Out-Pensioners appointed ,>,99 rs of the to these 2,308 13,520 5 8 1,627 i° 19 I 1 243 2 — 1,009 n 5 16,400 9 11 17,891 9 — 9»l63 1 5 8,728 7 7 9,744

Levy Money for the Augmentation to the Foot Guards - ! -

Horse Furniture for the Augmentation to the Cavalry Temporary Clothing for the Augmentation to the Cavalry and - . - - - - 24,000

12,000

For purchasing Horses for the Augmentation to the Cavalry 53,000

Extra Feed for the Dragoons, and Contingencies, upon Account Allowance of Bread and Necessaries for the Augmentation to 1 - ' ' 30,000 — —

the Forces in Great Britain -Allowance of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry upon i j - - 24,000

Lord Cathcart's Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1792 3,000

to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days 499 8,666 6 4 1,430 - 4 184 18 2 540 15 — 10,821 19 10

Total S3 *-s 16,351 208,272 2 7 41,805 1 1 3,494 17 7 12,627 1 3 - . - 437,837 1 11

CO

O

w

o

1

War Office, Geo. Fan

11 th February 1793-

g

cq'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

00

§§<g

05

11° Februarii.

A. 1793.

independent ESTIMATE of the Charge of One hundred Independent Companies of Foot, to be raised in the

Companies.

Year 1793.

Numbers. Charge.

One hundred Independent Companies ? £. s. d.

Pay for Four Months - 10,900 47*33°

Clothing - - 50,220

Levy Money - - 33,400

10,900 130*95° — —

War Office, nth February 1793.

Geo. Yonge.

General and ESTIMATE of the Charge of Additional General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the

Staff Officers.

Year 1793.

Additional General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1793 - - 32,520. 0. o.

War Office,

11th February 1793.

Geo. Yonge.

33 Geo III.

31° Febru

155

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of several Counties in South Britain, from the respective Periods under-mentioned, to the 24th December 1793, inclusive.

COUNTIES.

PERIODS.

Bedford -Chester -Gloucester Hereford Huntingdon Northampton -Nottingham - - V

Oxford -Pembroke Salop -Somerset Worcester

York, West Riding] First Regiment f

Brecknock Cambridge Carmarthen Derby -Leicester Middlesex Monmouth Radnor -Warwick Wilts -

Anglesea Flint -Stafford

York, West Ridino, Second RegimentJ

From 2d January 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive,

Days.

being

357 <

FYom 1 i.th January 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 348 N

Day

s.

- I From 12th January 1793 to 24th December

- \ following, both inclusive, being 347

"g-l f Da)'s

mtl J.....-

I^mcaster

Glamorgan Montgomery -

Cardigan Carnarvon Denbigh Merioneth Rutland -

I From 22(1 January 1793 to 24th Decern-. ber following, both inclusive, being 337 < [ Days

From 24M1 February 1793 to the 24th December following, both inclusive, being 304 Days

Total

f From 2d February 1793 to 24th Decern- j ' ber following, both inclusive, being 326 ' [ Days J

Number of Regiments, Battalions, or Corps. Numbers. Pay, Agency, and Allowances. j*

s. d.

1 474 7,'53 11 —

1 666 10,376 16 6

2 1,145 17,9*8 7 —

1 573 9,048 — 8

1 381 5,794 10 10 .

1 759 11,607 10 1

1 573 9,048 — 8

I 665 10,348 — 3

1 189 2,723 6 7

1 7.59 11,607 16 1

1 989 14,486 5 1

1 666 10,376 16 6

1 737 11,399 11 —

1 189 *,6.54 13 6

573 8,819 18 8

a 238 3.599 ~ 8

1 666 10,115 4 6

1 666 10,115 4 6

3 h897 28,112 16 —

1 2S7 4,448 10 4

1 145 2,231 5 5

1 759 n,3i5 3 —

1 945 13,715 1 4

1 9(} 1,44' 17 5

1 145 2,224 16 9

1 666 10,086 3 2

1 737 11,080 4 I 9

1 935 12,614 8 (i

1 43° 6,152 — 9

1 287 4,' 67 5 10

1 145 1,949 3 2

1 yo 1,263 4 —

1 331 4,240 14 6

1 1,263 4 —

1 145 i,949 3 2

- - - 19,050 £ 285,458 2 6

War Office, nth February 1793.

Geo. YonLre.

Vol 48.

Militia.

Militia.

Jamaica

Forces.

11° Februa

A. 1793.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of

Poundage for the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1793.

For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia, upon Account -For the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries to Ditto, upon Account For the Allowance of Poundage to Ditto, upon Account

War Office, 11th February 1793.

Geo. Y

13.00°

43,000

9,000

65,000 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of a Corps of Light Dragoons for Service in Jamacia; of several Regiments of Foot; and of Supernumerary Private Men of His Majesty's Forces, from the respective Periods undermentioned, to the 24th December 1792, inclusive.

Lieutenant Colonel Sand ford's Corps of Light Dragoons, from 25th June 1792 to 25th December following, both inclusive, being 183 Days:

Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men - -

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men Agency ——

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Riding Master ——

Allowance for Accoutrements -

Ditto for Horse Furniture ——

Paid by Jamaica for this Corps - -

Lord Cathcart's Regiment of Foot, for the same Time:

Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men ——

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men

Agency....

Allowances to Gaptains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Serjeants

Lord Frederick Cavendish's Regiment of Foot, from 25th June 1792 to 19th October following, both inclusive, being 117 Days:

Pay of Commissioned Officers, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men ——

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men Agency ——

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Serjeants

Major General Ainslie's Regiment of Foot, the same -Paid by Ireland for this Regiment -

Lieutenant General Mathews's Regiment of Foot, the same Pay of Supernumerary Private Men of His Majesty's Forces from 25th June 1792 to 24th- December following, both inclusive ——

Deduct the Subsistence of the Private Men reduced in the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, and Sixteen Regiments of Foot, from 24th February 1792 to 24th June following -

Clothing for the Supernumeraries

War Office,

1 /th February 1793.

Total -

Numbers.

320

399

399

399

399

1,916

Charge.

£. s.

,777 6 7

779 13 3

97 1 8

142 19 i°

5ii 5 —

L75i 5

9.059 11 4

6,797 1 4

3,887 10 9 601 14 10

87 12 6

270 8 —

2,485 9 6 384 14 5 56 — 5 172 17 o

3,099 1 10

2,727 )7 4

5,938 7 -

3,750 8 —

2,187 19 —

2,500 ——

2,262 10

4,847 6 1

3,099 1 10

37i 4 6

371 4 6

4,687 19 —

15,639 5 11

Geo. Y

Pontefract Petitions res* petting the Right of Election deferred.

Days ap*

pointed for considering Election Petitions altered.

33 Geo. III.

11° Februarii.

157

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Ham Smelle, and William Bell, Electors of Members to Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. ‘ serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsbyi

in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves and The House was moved, That the Order, made upon many other Electors of the said Borough, severally the 23d Day of January last, for taking into Consi- complaining of an undue Election and Return for the deration, Tomorrow, the Petition of John Walsh, Es- said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon

quire, who claims to be an Elector of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who claim to be Electors of Representatives to serve

day, the 28th Day of this Instant February, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants possessing Houses within the Borough of Cricklade, in the County

in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the of Wilts, who by immemorial Custom and Usage have County of York; and also, the Petition of John Smyth "....

and William Sotheron, Esquires, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Thursday next, at Half an Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

a Right to vote at all Elections for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 5th day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable Basil William Douglas, commonly called Lord Daer, One of the Candidates at the last Election of a Burgess to serve Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette, in Parliament for the Borough and County of the Town and also sent to the Returning Officer of the of Poole, complaining of an undue Election and Return Borough of Pontefract. for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon

Thursday, the 7th day of March next, at Three of the The House was moved, That the several Orders, Clock in the Afternoon, appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the Ordered, That the Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, several Petitions complaining of undue Elections and complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, be taken Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 12th day of March of Devon; for the Borough of Shaston, otherwise Shafts- next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

~ ~ ~ Ordei'ed, That the Petition of Nathaniel Newnham,

Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in the County of

Wilts, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the

the Borough of

bury in the County of Dorset; for Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincolnfor the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole; for the

Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York; for the 14th day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts; and Afternoon.

for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk: Ordered, That the Petition of William South, Esquire,

And also, the several Orders appointing the Days for complaining of an undue Election and Return for the taking into Consideration the several Petitions respect- Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, be taken ing the Rights of Election for the Borough of Ludger- into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 19th Day of shall, in the County of Wilts; for the Borough of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

~ --- -- - Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of

/ J / o

Newark, in the County of Nottingham; for the City and Liberty of Westminster; and for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberlandmight be read.

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly,

the same were, on the Question being severally put in the County of Nottingham, respecting the Right of thereupon, ordered to be discharged. Election for the said Borough, be taken into Consi-

Ordered, That the Petition of John Seale, Esquire, deration upon Thursday, the 21st day of March next, at complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, of Devon, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of the 19th Day of this Instant February, at Three of the Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Li-Clock in the Afternoon. berty of Westminster, respecting the Right of Election

Ordered, That the Petition of the Right honourable for the said City and Liberty, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 26th day of March next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon,

Ordered, That the Petition of Thomas Wilson Morley, James Paine, Robert Murray, Edward Wastell, John Richardson, Robert Yarker, John White,

Richard Rowland, Joseph Ralph Elliot, and

Lord Viscount Midlelon, the Honourable William Brodrick, and Charles Tmvnshend, Esquire, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the county of ; and also, the Petition of Thomas Everett, Esquire, and Thomas Batt, Gentleman, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Joseph Brownrigg, Citizens of the City of Carlisle; and

Wilts, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 21st Day of this Instant February, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Bryant, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shaston, otherwise Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday, the 26th Day of this Instant Febniary, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable William Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Christopher Clayton, the Reverend Vol. 48.

also, the Petition of John Christian Curwen and Wilson Braddyll, Esquires, respecting the Right of Election for the said City, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 28th Day of March next, at in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the several Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly; and, in such of the Cases as respected Rights of Election, the usual Notices were again inserted in The London Gazette, and sent to the Returning Officers.

Ss

Report

Supply.

Additional

Searneu.

Sum for additional Seamen.

Walt Bill committed.

Land Tax Bill committed.

Supply

deferred.

Ways and Weans deferred.

Committee for expediting the Trial of Mr, Hastings.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received,

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the Housewhich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Number of Twenty thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three (including a proportionable Number of Marines) in Addition to the Twenty-five thousand Men already voted.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Mopth, be allowed for maintaining the said Twenty thousand Men, for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words, " a proportional Number of," and inserting the Words, " Four thousand," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That an additional Number of Twenty-thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three (including Four thousand Marines) in Addition to the Twenty-five thousand Men already voted.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of Means for expediting the Trial of the Impeachment now depending against Warren Hastings, Esquire; and to report the same to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Major Maitland,

Mr. Muilman Trench Chiswell, Mr. Scott, Sir William Young, Mr. Dundas, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lamb-ton, Mr. Wilberforce, Sir Elijah Impey, Kir.

Taylor, Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Bankes, Mr.

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Beaufoy, the Lord Sir

Charles Bunbury, Mr. Cator, Sir George Hant aril, Mr. Powys, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Vansittart, the Lord Mr. Burke, Mr. Fox, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Windham, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Grey, Mr. Adam, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Michael Angelo 'laylor, Mr. Dudley North, Mr. St. John, Mr. Fitzpatrick, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Courtenay, Sir James St. Clair Erskine, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr Secretary Dundas, Mr. Whitbread, Mr. RoMr. Bastard, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Hartley, Mr. Grenville, Mr. An-nesley; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Motion rtt-That there be laid before this House, Copies of the of'tir^x6tof.‘ Orders for stopping the Exportation of Corn or Grain to France, issued since the ist Day of October 1792. Gr»in to And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, Fra, nre> withdrawn. wllbdrawn

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Seventeenth " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make " more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to " Houses of Correction," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Hartley, and Mr. Annesley, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Vagabonds, &c. Bill ordered.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Dunsley thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and Moor inrlo-others, having Right of Common upon the Common, *urePetition. or Parcel of Waste Land, called Dunsley Moor, in the Parish of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is within the Township of Newholm cum Dunsley, within the Manor of Stakesby, in the Parish of Whitby, in the North Riding of the said County of York, a certain Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Dunsley Moor, containing Seven hundred Acres, or thereabouts, which, in its present State, is incapable of Improvement; and that it would be of great Benefit to the several Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the said Moor, if the same was divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Moor, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Mulgrave and Colonel Lennox do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the Biything Hundred of Biything, in the County of Suffolk, was Poor P«-presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That tlt, on-an Act was made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of thte Poor in the said Hundred of Biything, ana several Persons therein described were- thereby 3 incorporated

Xwport hptll In-dwnre Pe-tcon.

Pftition from

Middlesex,

Bocks,

Jpiiist Bwtoa ud Breot* fed Canal E

33 Geo. III. 11 ° Februarii. 159

incorporated by the Name of The Guardians of the Poor praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a "Law, within the Hundred of Ply thing, in the County of Suffolk, unless suitable and proper Clauses be inserted therein, for carrying the same into execution; and that, by for making the said Canal free for all Persons to na-virtue of the said Act, a House for the Poor within vigate thereon, for allowing a reasonable Time for the said Hundred, and other Buildings, have been laying Goods and Merchandize in the several Wharfs, erected at Bulcamp,a Hamlet of Blythburgh, in the said both before and after loading and unloading the Hundred, at a very considerable Expence, and a great Vessels, and for removing and carrying away such Number of Poor Persons have, from Time to Time, Goods; and that the Proprietors of the said Canal may been received into the said House, and maintained be restrained from receiving or taking any further or there, and a large Number of Poor Persons are now other Sum or Sums of Money for Tonnage or other-maintained therein, agreeable to the said Act; and that wise, than after the Rate of 8 I. per Centum per Annum, the said Act is, in some Respects, defective and ineffec- for the Money so subscribed and laid out, or after tual for the Purposes intended, and it would be of much such other Rate as the House shall think adequate and Public Utility to grant some further Powers and Pro- reasonable.

visions for the better Management and Employment Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table of the Poor of the said Hundred: And therefore pray- until the said Bill be read a Second Time, ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act, and for granting some further A Bill for making and maintaininga Navigation from Leicester Powers and Provisions for carrying the same more the-Town of Leicester to communicate with the River Navigation effectually into execution. Nen, in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a c°m*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation, was read mUte ' Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- a Second Time.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall Resolved That the Bill be committed to Mr. , shall appear to them, to the House: Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

And it is referred to Sir John Rous, Sir Charles Bun- ternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. bury, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; Mr. Gaily Knight presented to the House, according Bawtry and and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and to Order, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and Twiford Records. enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year Bridge Hoad

of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are widening the Hoad from in the County of York, n

thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons in- to East Markham Common, in the County of Notting-

terested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other ham, and from Little Drayton to , in the

Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of said County: And the same was received; and read the

Newport Pagnell, in the County of Buckingham, was First Time,

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That liesolved. That the Bill be read a Second Time, the Lands and Grounds of the several Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields are divided into small General Adeane reported from the Committee, to Stump Cross Parcels, and lie intermixed with each other, and the whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed and Cam-same, together with the other Commonable Lands and to put in execution several Acts, made in the Tenth and bridge Roads

Grounds aforesaid, are, in their present Situation, in- Eleventh Years of King George the First, the Third, Fif- 1n re"

capable of any considerable Improvement;, but if the teenth, and Twenty-eighth Years of King George the p

same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allot- Second, and the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for

ments thereof set out to the several Owners and Per- repairing the Road from Stump Cross to Newmarket sons interested therein, according to their respective Heath, and the Town of Cambridge, for repairing the Rights and Interests, the same might be considerably Road from Foulmire to Cambridge, and other ruinous improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may Parts of the said Highways adjacent to the Road from be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing Foulmire to Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto the said Open and Common Fields, and other Com- subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had ex-

monable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and amined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied proper. with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Marquis of Titchfield and Mr. James Grenville do the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in prepare, and bring in, the same. at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and

is as followeth;

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Far- To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said mers, Traders, and others, residing in the several Acts were read: And

Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Hertford, and Bedford, Mr White being examined, said, That the

was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Mo-Canal from the OxfordCanal Navigation at Braunston, ney upon the Credit of the said Acts, which now rein the County of Northampton, to join the River mains due.

Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, That the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral and kept in Repair, nof the said Money be repaid, unless Cuts from the said intended Canal; and Setting forth, the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further con-That, on account of the great Traffic which has been tinued and enlarged.

carried on between the Subscribers and others in selling And being further examined, he said, That the and buying Shares in the said Canal, and the high Road lying on the South Side of the Bridge built be-Premiums that have been given for the Purchase of yond the said Parish of Foulmire, near a certain Place such Shares, and otherwise, the Petitioners apprehend called Long Leys, leading towards Barley in the County that the said BHl is framed not upon the most'liberal of Hertford, containing in Length One hundred and and disinterested Principles, and not so much for the Fifty-two Poles or thereabouts (and upon which it is Benefit of the Public at large, as for the private Emo- not intended to erect any Turnpike or take any Toll) lument of the Proprietors of the Canal; And therefore is in a ruinous Condition in many Places, narrow and Vol. 48. incommodious,

11° Februarii.

A. 1793.

incommodious, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law — And he added, that if the Powers of the said Acts were reduced into One Act of Parliament, the Trustees would be more effectually enabled to execute the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads from the Town of Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from the said Town of Cambridge to Royston, in the Counties of Cambridge and Essex: And that General Adeane and Mr. Charles Yorke do pres ere, and bring in, the same.

Petition from A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, and

Nnrthamp- other Inhabitants of the Town of ,was

Netherton1 presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That and Selly the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the Oak Canal House for extending the Dudley Canal from the Coal Mines at and in the Neighbourhood of Netherton, in the County of Worcester, to join the Worcester and Birmingham Canal at Selly Oak, in the Parish of Northfield, in the said County, which, if carried into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend, will be the Means of diverting the Coals from the Birmingham Market, from whence the Petitioners and the neighbouring Parts are at present supplied, into different Markets Westward, which will be highly prejudicial to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners understand Application hath been also made for I^ave to extend the old Birmingham Canal from Oldbury, in the Parish of Halesowen, and County of Salop, to the same Mines at and near Netherton, by which Means the Produce of such Mines may be brought considerably nearer and cheaper into the Line of Navigation by which the Town of Birmingham and the Petitioners are supplied: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, for making the said Canal from the Dudley Canal to the Birmingham and Worcester Canal, thay not pass into a Law, and that Powers may be granted for extending the said Birmingham Canal from Oldbury into the Mines at Netherton.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester' and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or near, Selly Oak, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, be read a Second Time.

Petitions in A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer-Favour of chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, In hall raunston bitants of the Town of Northampton, in the County of

and Brent- a j j r J

ford Canal Northampton: And also,

Bill. A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses,

of the Town of Northampton, assembled at their Guild Hall in the said Town, the ad Day of January 1793: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants' of the Town of Pontefract, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of field, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Bradford, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Skipton, in the County of York And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of -the Town of in the County of York:

And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Selby, in the County of York: 1eefl

And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- " t

chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inha- f;-

bitants of the Town of Wakefield, in the County of - i‘

York; < Ru

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and main- «>i

taining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford -U

Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County *

of Northampton, to join the River Thames at kj

New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain

Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal:

And praying, That the said Bill may pass into >

a Law. m.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered

to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Petition* i« Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition *?v"ur of of the Right honourable William H Lord Westcole and selly1 in the Kingdom of Ireland, Jervoise Clarke Oak Canal *„

John Delap Halliday, and Francis , Esquires, Bill.

and the several other Persons, whose Names are there-unto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Mines, and Estates, on the Line of the intended Canal from Netherton to Selly Oak, and the Collateral Cuts com- *

municating the rewith: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and ;fl

principal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbour-hood of Dudley, in the County of Worcester: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, c"

and other Inhabitants of Tardebigg, in the County of "

Worcester, and of Redditch, in the Parish of Tarde- ‘f1

bigg, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, Manu-< '

facturers, and principal Inhabitants of the Town and "!

Neighbourhood of Bromsgrove, in the County of War- -t

ccster: And also, 1

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Occupiers of Lands and Estates on the Line of the intended Canal from Netherton to Selly Oak, and the Collateral Cuts communicating -j

therewith;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; j

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and main-

taining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, 3

or near, Selly Oak, in the said County, and also j

certain Collateral Cuts to communicate there- ,

with: And praying, That the said Bill may j

pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining Second a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation Reading of at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join Braunston the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of f"rd canal Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining cer- Bill deferred, tain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next

A Petition of the several Trustees for executing the Brewton Powers of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty- Roads Pe-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King tit on-George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing 11 and widening several Roads leading from and near " the Town of Brewton, in the County of Somerset," and of another Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventeenth

33 Geo. III.

11° Februarii.

161

teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- Brewton aforesaid, by Week to the Dwelling

tuled, " An Act for continuing the Term, and altering House of Richard Chaffin, at Week Champfiawer, in the " and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, said County of Somerset, are in a ruinous Condition, " made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his and in many Places narrow and incommodious, and " late Majesty, for repairing and widening several cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in " Roads leading from and near the Town of Brewton, Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it " in the County of Somerset', and for repairing and would be beneficial to the Neighbourhood, and the " widening the Street from the North or North East Public in general, if the several additional Branches of " End of Combe Street, along Patwell Street, in the Road above-mentioned were put under the Care and

said Town of Brewton, to the South or South East " side of DymoncTs River," and of the several other Persons (Owners of Lands and Inhabitants within the several Counties of Somerset and Wilts) whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Acts in execution have made great Progress in repairing, widening, and improving the above-mentioned Roads, and have thereby contracted

Management of the said Trustees, and adequate Tolls were granted, and other Provisions made, for the Repair thereof; and that several Bridges and Arches in and upon the Roads hereinbefore described, or some of them, are likewise in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and several Rivulets and Waters, through which the said Roads pass, are frequently, in rainy Seasons, very deep and dangerous, and several Bridges and Tunnels are therefore requisite and neces-a considerable Debt on the Credit of the Tolls by the sary to be repaired, widened, and altered, and others said Acts granted, a great part of which still remains erected, and kept in Repair, upon or near to the said

due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be rendered sufficiently safe and commodious, and effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless further Powers are given for those Purposes, and the Terms of the said Acts are continued; that in particular the said Road leading from Brewton aforesaid to the Town of Frome, in the said County of

Roads, for the Accommodation of Persons travelling or using the same; and that the Petitioners conceive that the several Powers and Provisions necessary to' be exercised for the Purposes aforesaid, might be more conveniently executed, if the same were comprized in One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging

Somerset, lying between a Place called The Cross Ways, and altering the Terms and Powers of the said former beyond Hedgstock's Turnpike Gate, and a certain Acts, and for reducing the same into One Act, and

Place, called The Quarry, on the Top of Batcombe for making, repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, Hill, and extending about Ope Mile and Four Fur- the several additional Branches of Road, and for longs in Length, passes over Two very steep Hills, effecting the several other Purposes above-mentioned, called Batcombe Hills, and is very inconvenient and in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the dangerous for Travellers and Carriages, and it would House shall seem meet

be more commodious and safe for the Public in general, That the said Petition be referred to the

if the said Trustees were empowered to relinquish and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex--discontinue the Repairs of the said last mentioned Piece amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rolle, Sir John Trevelyan, a

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

of Road, and, in lieu thereof, to amend, widen, and keep in Repair, a certain Lane, or Public Highway, called Crow's Lane, from the said Cross Ways beyond Hedgstock's Turnpike Gate, across the Water at the Bottom, up Hollow Hill, to the said Quarry on the Top of Batcombe Hill, extending about One Mile and Two Furlongs in Length; and that also the said Road leading from Brewton aforesaid, (through the Parish of Pitcombe to the Direction Post adjoining the Sherborne

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Milton Moor thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Inclosure Pe-Owners of Estates within the Manor of Milton, in the tition‘ Turnpike Road near Hadspen, in the said County of Parish of Kewstoke, in the County of Somerset, was Somerset, lying between Pitcombe Bridge and a Place presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That called Stump Cross, and extending about Six Furlongs there is, within the said Manor, a certain Common or in Length, passes over a very steep Hill, called Pit- Waste Land called Moor, upon which the Peti-

combe Hill, and is also very inconvenient and unsafe tioners and others are entitled to Right of for Travellers and Carnages, and it would be much and that the said Moor, Common, or Waste Land is, in more commodious and safe for the Public in general, its present State, of veiy little Value, but, if the same if the said Trustees were empowered to relinquish and was divided, allotted, and inclosed, it would not only be discontinue the Repairs of the said last mentioned of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Persons Piece of Road, and, in lieu thereof, to amend, widen, interested therein, but of Public Utility: And therefore and keep in Repair, a certain Lane, or Public High- praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for way, called Landcombe Lane, from Pitcombe Bridge to dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Moor, Common,

Stump Cross, on the Top of Pitcombe Hill aforesaid, or Waste Land, in such Manner, and under such extending about One Mile in Length; and that the Regulations and Restrictions, as to the several other Roads herein after mentioned, viz. the meet.

Road leading from the Turnpike Road at the West Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

End of the said Town of Brewton, through the High pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Street and Qmperlake Street, in the said Town of Mr. Rolle, Sir John Trevelyan, and Mr.

Brewton, to the Warminster Turnpike Road, in Norton do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bavant Field, in the County of Wilts, and also, the

Road leading from Kilminton Common, by Gare Hill, to A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Warwick and the North End of Nonney Common, in the said County Canal from, or nearly from, a Place called Birmingham

of Somerset, and from Maiden Bradley, in the said ford, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough County of Wilts, to Gare Hill aforesaid, and also, the Warwick, unto, or near to, the Parish of Birmingham, C° ‘

Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Holwell Hill in the County of Warwick, and to terminate at, or near to the Frome Turnpike Road at Honey Thorn Hill, and to, a certain Navigable Canal in, or near to, the Town also, the Road leading from Ludwell's Elm, in the of Birmingham, called Parish of Pitcombe, to the Somerton Turnpike Road at mingham and Birmingham and Canal Naviga-

te East End of the Town of Castle Cary, and also, the (ions, was read a Second Time.

Road leading from the West End of the Town of Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Wigley,

Vol.48. Tt the

iGi 1V Februam. A. 1793.

the Lord Beauchamp, kt. \ And (hey ere to meet this Afternoon, at Five of -the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Member* ‘Ordered, That Mr. and Mr. be added

added to to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and King's Nor- bring in, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable ton and Stmt- Canal from the Worcester and Birmingham Canal ford upon Navigation, in the Parish of King's Norton, into the Avon Canal Borough of Stratford upon Avon, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal.

King's Nor- . Mr. Wigley presented to the House, according to tonandStrat- Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Avon Canal ^'an<^ from the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Na- Bill present- vigation, in the Parish of King's Norton, into the Borough ed. of Stratford upon Avon, and also certain Collateral Cuts

from the said intended Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Leed* Cod A Petition of Charles Brandling, Esquire, Lord of Work* Peti- the Manor of Middleton, in the County of York, Owner t,on* and Proprietor of divers Coal Works in the said

Manor and Places adjacent, and the several Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for rendering more beneficial an Act, made in the " Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King George the * Second, intituled, An Act for establishing Agreements made between Charles Brandling, Esquire,

" and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying u down a Waggon Way, in order for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals, by enabling the " said Charles Brandling to supply annually a larger " Quantity of Coals to and for the Use of the said Town and Neighbourhood," the said Charles Brandling is obliged Yearly, during such Time as he shall continue the said Waggon Way, made for the Purpose of bringing Coals from the Coal Works of the said Charles Brandling, in Middleton aforesaid, to the Repository at a certain Place in the said Act called Casson Close, to bring to the said Repository or‘Cod Yard 40,000 Dozens, or 480,000 Corves of Coals at the least, by Four equal Quarterly Proportions (that is to say) 10,000 Dozens, or 120,000 Corves, in each Quarter of the Year, unless prevented by Fire, Water, or other inevitable Accident; and that the said Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, empowers the said Chart Brandling to sell the said Coals brought down to the said Repository from his said Colliery to Persons in the Neighbourhood of Leeds, whereby a very considerable Quantity of the Coals brought to the said Repository are taken and purchased by Persons residing at a great Distance from the said Town of Leeds, and the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Leeds are thereby deprived of a considerable Part of the Benefit and Advantage intended to result to them by virtue of the said last mentioned Act; and that, since the passing of the said last mentioned Act, the Town and Parish of Leeds is very considerably increased in Population, and the Trade thereof very greatly extended, and a great Number of Dyehouses, Engines, and Machines, have been erected therein, so that the Quantity of Coals, stipulated by the said Act to be brought down to the said Repository are found insufficient for supplying the said Town and Parish of Leeds only; and that such Inconvenience hath arisen to the said Town and Parish from the Coal Works of the said Charles Brandling at Middleton aforesaid having been occasionally laid up,

or prevented being worked by inevitable Accidents, and his being restrained by the said Act from bringing any other Coals to the said Repository than such as he should get within the said Manor or Lordship of Middleton, and that such Inconveniences might in future be, in a great Measure, remedied if the said Charles Brandling was allowed, under proper Regulations, to bring Coal from any other Colliery, to the said Repository; and that, since the passing of the said last mentioned Act, the said Charled[Brandling hath been put to a very great Expence in purchasing of Coal, making fresh Winnings in his said Colliery, by laying and making additional Waggon Ways from his said Coal Pits to the said Repository, and by paying much greater Prices for leading and getting the said Coals, and for the Wood and other Materials used therein; and that it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Leeds, and the Manufactures and Trade thereof, if the Quantity of Coals stipulated by the last mentioned Act were brought from the Coal Pits and Coal Works of the said Charles Brandling to the said Repository, and there sold to the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Leeds only, also, if the delivering the same at the said Repository, and the Manner ana Prices of conveying and carrying the same from such Repository to the Inhabitants within the said Town and Parish were properly regulated and ascertained; and that the Coal got and worked at all the other Collieries or Coal Works in the Neighbourhood of Leeds is very considerably advanced in Price, and it would very greatly distress the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, if the said Charles Brandling should discontinue the said Waggon Way and Repository, and also be a very great Loss and Prejudice to the Trade and Manufactories thereof; and that the said Charles Brandling hath proposed, and is willing to continue, to bring down from his said Coal Works at Middleton aforesaid, and deliver at the said Repository, during the Continuance of the Term in the said Act mentioned, or such other Term of Years as may be deemed requisite,

40,000 Dozens, or 480,000 Corves, of Coals, by Weekly Proportions, for the sole Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Leeds (provided Sale can be had for the same) at the Rate of Six Pence Halfpenny a Corf, having Liberty to leave any Quantity of Coals not exceeding 144 Dozens per Week, at any Place near to the said Waggon Way within the said Borough, and also, to take and deposit the Surplus Quantity beyond the Daily Sale or Demand of the said Town and Parish, in any other Coal Yard or Repository within the said Parish, which, by the Petitioners, Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of , is thought a reasonable Price: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Amendment of the last mentioned Act for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Restrictions, and subject to such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Wakefield execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty- and Abber-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for p^it1j|)°ad repairing and widening the Road from the Town of ° Wakefield, to the Town of Abberford, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded. to turn, alter, and divert divers Parts of the said Road, so as to shorten the Line of the Road, and to render the same more convenient to Travellers,

4 and

33 Geo. III. 11 0 Febriiari 163

end for that Purpose have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act, which now remains due; and that the Money so borrowed, and also the Tolls granted by the said Act, have been found insufficient to enable the Trustees to complete the said Road, and, unless some of the Tolls are increased, and the Act amended and rendered more effectual, and the Term of the said Act continued, the whole Road cannot be amended and rendered safe and commodious for Travellers: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, for such Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Duncombe,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Selby Ferry A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and and Market others, of the East Riding of the County of York, was R&ldPe- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

tiuoii. the Road leading from Selby Terry, in the Parish of

Hendngbrough, to a Place called Ferry, and from thence to the Town of , in the said East Riding, is in general very crooked and indirect, and many Parts thereof in a ruinous and dangerous State, and in some Places narrow and incommodious for Passengers and Carriages; and that it would be of great Public Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons residing or having Estates within the several Parishes and Places adjoining, or near, the said Road, and of Public Utility, if the said Road was amended, widened, and rendered commodious: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Duncombe,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Halifax A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants,

Bradford,&c. Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the several small Debts Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Bingley, Guise-

PeuuoD. Calverley, Bailey, Birstall, cum

Clifton. Almondbury, Kirkheaton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the more " easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within " the Parishes of Hal fax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, " Guiseley, Calverley, Batley, Birstal, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton,

" burton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty " of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, " and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts " Baron of the Honour oi Pontefract, Manor of

" field, and Manor of Bingley, in the said County," and another Act was passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to repeal so much of the said Act, made in the Seventeenth if ear of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more easy and Vol. 48.

speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Parishes and Lordship or Liberty aforesaid, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court Baron of the Manor of Kighley, in the said County; and that the said Act of the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as the same relates to the Recovery of small Debts, hath been found defective, and to require Amendments, in order that the Inhabitants within the several Parishes and Liberty aforesaid may have the greater Benefit thereof, and that the same may the better answer the professed End for which it was passed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said last mentioned Act, or to repeal so much thereof as relates to the Recovery of small Debts, and to grant such other Powers for those Purposes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and North Duf-others, of the East Riding of the County of York, was field tmd Bub-presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, £'lth BndS* That Application is made to the House for Leave to Petlllon" bring in a Bill for making a commodious Carriage Road from Selby Ferry, in the Parish of Hemingbt'ough, to a Place called Bubwith Ferry, and from thence to Market JVeighton, in the said East Riding; and that the present Ferry over the River Derwent, from the Township of North Duffield, in the said East Riding, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Bubwith aforesaid, which is in the Line of such intended Road, is dangerous and inconvenient for Passengers; and, if a proper and substantial Carriage Bridge was erected and maintained over the said River, at or near the said Ferry, it would be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to all Persons having Occasion to travel between the Towns of Selby and Market JVeighton, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

fiven to bring in a Bill for erecting and maintaining such Iridge as aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and nave Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending certain Wakefield Acts, of the Fourteenth and Thirtieth Years of King "d George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the Road committed, from the North End of Wakefield Bridge to Hal fax, in the West Riding of the County of York; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants petition in of the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, in Favour of Common Hall assembled, was presented to the House, Jjeeds and and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, c^^Navi-by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House, gation Bill. to enable the Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to make a Deviation in the Line thereof, and to complete the same, and they also

understand,

Stowmarket and Ipswich Navigation Petition reported.

Petitions against Ne-therton and Selly Oak Canal Bill.

164

11° Februarii.

A. 1793.

understand, that the said Deviation Is intended to com* -municate with a designed Extension of the Bolton, and Bury Canal: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table.

Sir -Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into execution an Act of Parliament, of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making , and maintaining a Navigable Communication -between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to raise any further or additional - Rates, Tolls, or Duties; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; whereby it appears that the Trustees were authorized and empowered to raise and borrow any Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty thousand Three hundred Pounds, upon the Credit of the Rates thereby granted: And,

Mr. John Sparke being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of £. 20,300, thereby authorized to be raised; which Money has been nearly laid out and expended in carrying the Purposes of the said Act into execution. — Then,

Mr. John Rennie being examined, said, That the said Navigable Communication is not, as yet, near completed; -and that it will require a further Sum of Money to finish and complete the same, so as to afford the Country the several Benefits and Advantages intended to be given to them by the said Act

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for effectually carrying into execution an Act of Parliament, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk: And that Sir Charles Bunbury and Sir John Rous do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Coventry: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants of the City of Coventry: And also,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation; , N

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House for making a Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or hear, Selly Oak, in the said County, which is to run in a parallel Direction to the Old Birmingham and Fazeley Canal for near Eleven Miles, the Object of which Bill is to convey Coals from the Netherton and other Mines, lying near to the Line of the Birmingham Canal, into the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, below the Town of Birmingham, instead of conveying them to that Town; and that the Petitioners are also informed that an Application is making to the House for a Bill for making a Collateral Branch or Cut from the said Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, into the said Netherton and

other Mines, to the said Dudley Canal, which is a Distance of Five Miles only, by which Means the Coals from the Netherton and other Mines may be brought immediately into the Birmingham Market at a much less Expence; and the said City, and the several other different Markets in Want of Coals, may be better, cheaper, and more regularly served, than by the proposed Canal to Selly Oak: And therefore praying, That the said Bill for making the said Canal, from the Dudley Canal to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal at Selly Oak, may not pass into a Law, but that the Proprietors of the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigation maybe empowered to extend their Canal, through the said Netherton and other Mines, to the said Dudley Navigation.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal . from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or near, Selly Oak, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, be read a Second Time.

A Petition of his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, Shipton and and the humble Petition of divers 'Gentlemen, Land Isleworth Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others re- Canal siding in the Counties of Oxford, Buckingham, and tion‘ Middlesex, and in the adjoining Counties, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Act, passed for that Purpose, a Navigable Cana], called The Oxford Canal, hath been made and completed from the City of Oxford to Longford, in the County of Warwick, where the same communicates with the Coventry Canal, and by Means thereof a Communication is extended to several other Inland Navigations in the Northern Parts of this Kingdom, and, by virtue of other Acts of Parliament, a Navigable Cut or Canal hath many Years ago been made from the River Secern at or near Framiload, in the County of Gloucester, to Wallbridge, near the Town of Stroud, in the same County, and from thence another Navigable Canal hath lately been made and completed to the River Thames, at or near Lechlade, in the said County of Gloucester (which last mentioned Canal is called The Thames and Severn Canal) and from Lechlade aforesaid there is a short and improveable Communication by Means of the River Thames' or Isis with the said Oxford Canal, within the Distance of Three Miles from the said City of and that

the making and maintaining of a Navigable Canal from and out of the said Oxford Canal Navigation at some Place within the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Oxford, through the interior Parts of the Counties of Oaford, Buckingham, and Middlesex, to join and communicate with the River Thames at or near Isleworth, in the said County of Middlesex, will be the Means of opening a direct Passage, and a safe and expeditious Method of transporting Goods and Merchandize from the said Oxford Canal Navigation (near Oxford)to the City of London, and such Canal,

by its respective Communications with the said Oxford Canal Navigation, and the said Thames and Severn Canal, will open a beneficial Intercourse by Inland Navigation between the City of London, and the

freat Commercial and Manufacturing Towns and 'laces in the Counties of Wanoick, Stafford, Lancaster, Chester, Salop, Worcester, Her ford, and Gloucester, the City of Bristol, the Principality of Wales, and other Places in the Northern and Western Parts of this Island, and the same will also, by going through the said Counties of Oxford, Buckingham, and Middlesex, and to or near divers Towns situated therein,

increase

J

S3 Geo. III.

II® Februarii.

165

increase the Value of Landed Property in the same Counties, facilitate the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize to and from the said Towns, and furnish an additional Stock of Employment for the Poor, and will in many other Respects, be of great Public Utility; and that the Practicability of making.such Navigable Canal to join and communicate with the River Thames at or near as aforesaid hath

been ascertained by Levels and correct Surveys taken for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and main* tabling such Navigable Canal, together with Towing Paths, Railways, Roads of Communication, and other Conveniencies to the same, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jervoise, Sir William ben, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petitions in A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and fatmud*' ^habitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County SclIyOak of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: Cm] Bill And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Henley in Arden,. in the County of Warwick

Were severally presented to the House, and read: Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, of near, Selly Oak, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith: And prayings That the said . Bill may pass iota a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

'Petitions A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names agsinst the are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of the Dudley and SeUrOak Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and Canal BUI. read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal now making at, or near, Selly Oak, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners find that, by the said Bill, a Number of new. Subscribers are intended to be added to, and incorporated with, the present Company of Proprietors of the said Dudley Canal Navi-

gition, for the Purpose of extending the said Dudley anal to join the Birmingham and Worcester Canal at SeMy Oak, which the Petitioners conceive will be very injurious to their Property and Interest; and that the Petitioners apprehend 'that the Extension of Canal now proposed by the said Bill will not be attended with any Advantage to the Public, and will prove very prejudicial to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the same.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Atherstone, in the County of Warwick, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House, for making a Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or near, Selly Vql. 48.

Oak, in the said County, which is to run in a parallel Direction to the Old Birmingham and Canal

for near Eleven Miles, the Object of which Bill is to convey Coals from the A etherton.and other Mines ly- ing near to the Line of the Birmingham Canal into the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, below the Town of Birmingham, instead of carrying them to that Town; and that the Petitioners are also informed, that an Application is making to the House, for a Bill for making a Collateral Branch or Cut from the said Birmingham and Fazeley Canal into the said Netherton and other Mines to the said Dudley Canal, which is a Dis-

tance of Five Miles only, by which the Coals from the Netherton and other Mines may be brought immediately into the Birmingham Market at a much less Expence, and the Petitioners, and the several other different Markets in Want of Coals, may be better, cheaper, and more regularly served than by the proposed Canal to Selly Oak: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill, for making the said Canal from the Dudley Canal to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, at Selly Oak, may not pass into a Law but that the Proprietors of the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigation may be empowered to extend their Canal through the said Netherton and other Mines to the said Dudley Navigation.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- Petition chants, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting canal BilL forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave bas been given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of 1 Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or near,

Selley Oak, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if such Bill is passed into- a Law, it will be very prejudicial to the Trade and Manufactures of the Town of Birmingham and its Neighbourhood, as the Petitioners have found by Experience that the Price of Coals has always advanced upon new Communications being opened to the Coal 'Mines to carry them to distant Markets; and that the Petitioners are informed that Application will be made to Parliament, in the present Session, for Power to make a Canal from the present Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigation, at or near Oldbury, to the same Coal Mines at or near Netherton, which will answer every Purpose of Public Utility, and be of greater Advantage to the Town of Birmingham in particular, than the other Line of Canal from the Dudley Canal to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal at Selly Oak: And therefore praying, That the said First-mentioned Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered . to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or near, Selly Oak, in the said County, and also certain Collate- . , ral Cuts to communicate therewith, be read a Second Time; and the First-mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at . the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Said Petition.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Salford, War-whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execu- ringt°n, &c. tion an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of -the "V*, Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third

U u intituled.

Petition from Owners of Lands in Hillingdon, &c. respecting Braun-ston and Brentford Canal Bill reported.

intituled^ " An Act for repealing an Act, made in the " Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the " Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads " leading to and from the Towns of Salford, -

" ton, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called " The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for making more " effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and also, for making, altering, and " widening the Road from a Place called South Sea, " in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence, " through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and " also, from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to " Singletoti Brook, in the said County;" and also, of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the said County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: AV here the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Cooke being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act; and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which have, together with the Tolls, been laid out in the Repair of the said Roads, and other the Purposes of the said Act: That a considerable Sum of Money now remains due, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads be kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged — And the Witness added, That for keeping the said Roads in proper Repair it will be necessary to have some Increase of the Tolls; and' that it will be also necessary to remove some of the Gates for the more effectual collecting the Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, " made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of " King George the Second, for repairing and widening " certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and TVigan, and to certain " Places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for making more effectual Provision for repairing and " widening the said Roads, and also, for making, " altering, and widening the Road from a Place called " South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and " from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Damon Lane " End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal " Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said County And that Mr. Blackbume and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in the same.

Sir John Ingilby reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Nam$s are thereunder written, being respectively Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes or Districts of Hillingdon, Hartington, Hayes, Southal, Norwood, and Drayton, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition is as follows:

It was admitted by Mr, Acton Chaplin, an Agent for the Braunston Canal, that the Name of Mr. Alexander

Mackenzie, One of the Petitioners, is omitted in the List of Land Owners annexed to the original Petition, he not being an Owner of Land through which it is proposed that the Canal should pass. — Then,

Mr. Alexander Mackenzie being examined, said, That he was applied to by the Agents for the Braunston Canal for his Assent; and he related the following Conversation, which passed on the Occasion: Three. Gentlemen called on him about the Middle of November, requesting his Assent to the Canal, with a Declaration that they would pay him for his Land; to which he replied, that was no Indemnification to him, as his Property consisted of Freehold Land, and which ha occupied himself. That these Gentlemen appointed another Meeting on that Day Week, but never came; and he has not heard any Thing to the contrary since that Time, but that the Canal was intended to go through his Land. — He further said. That, it is impossible to ascertain from the Plan, whether his Land will be affected. That his whole Property in Southal Field is about Seven Acres, Four of which he has let — That his Land is dispersed in various Parts of the Field, there not being above an Acre in any One Place. — Then,

The Reverend Thomas Lloyd being examined, said, That he, with Mr. Chaplin, applied to Mr. Mackenzie about the 18th or 19th of October last for his Assent to the Braunston Canal, which was likely to passthrough some of his Property: That much Conversation passed on the Occasion, but Mr. Mackenzie would give no decisive Answer, on which Mr. Chaplin and himself promised to call on him again that Day Week; but understanding, in the mean Time, from Mr. Chaplin, that the Canal was not likely to pass through his Property, they did not call on him again. — The Witness further said. That, subsequent to this, about a Day or Two after the Time appointed to call on Mr. Mackenzie, he (the Witness) was in London, and accidentally met him in the Adelphi — ^That they recognized each other,

and Mr. Mackenzie observed, that they had not called on him — In Reply, the Witness assigned as a Reason, that the Canal was not likely to pass through his Property, and therefore it became unnecessary to- call on him.

Mr. Acton Chaplin being also examined, said, That, previous to the Month of November last, he went over that Part of the Line of the Canal which lies in Southal, with several Farmers of that Place; and'took from those Farmers (many of them the Occupiers of the Land in Question) the Names of the Owners and Occupiers within the Line of the Canal, and it appeared, that Mr. Mackenzie had no Property therein. — That he went over the Line again Yesterday, in Company with John Ossiter, Esquire, Mr. Joseph Fuller, Mr. Joseph Packer, Mr. Barnes (the Engineer) and Mr. William Ncarnan. Mr. Barnes then pointed out

the Line of the Canal; and from the Information of these Persons collectively, it appears, that the Canal does not touch or interfere within the Distance of One hundred and Twenty Yards of Mr. Mackenzie's Property. That the Witness had with him 'a Plan of Southal Field. f Which he produced to your Committee.]

The Witness being asked, How many Yards within each Side of the Line of the Canal did his Enquiries extend the First Thne he went over the Line? he said, From Thirty to Forty, Fifty, or One hundred Yards. — That he, or the Person who attended him, put down in foe Book of Reference, and in the List of Names referred to in that Book, the Owners, or reputed Owners, of Land in Southal Common Field.

John Ossiter, Esquire, being examined, said, That Mr. Mackenzie has no Property in Southal Field within the Line of the Canal — That his nearest Land to the Line was stept off Yesterday by an Husbandman, when it appeared to be One hundred and Thirty

Paces

Paces distant from that Line — That lie has known that Common Field ever since he was a Child — He did not know the Line of the Canal before Yesterday, only in a general Way — He knows the Situation of Mr. Mackenzies Land — No Plan was shewn him, but he went with the Engineer.

And it appeared by the Evidence of Mr. James Barnes, an Engineer, that he stept off the Line with the last mentioned Witness, and shewed him the exact Line: of the intended Canal, from which the original Plan is drawn. — Then,

Mr. William Collison, Surveyor, being examined,

said. That the original Plan was made in September, and he drew it — That the Area of the Common Field is not laid down to a Scale within One hundred Yards of the intended Canal — That when he first took the Survey, he was not able.to get Information sufficient to ascertain the Property — That he afterwards attended Mr. Chaplin, when they procured Information of the Farmers (Occupiers of the Field) stating the particular Lands intended to be cut by the Canal, at which Time they found that Mr. Mackenzie had no Land over that Part of the Field which was to be cut — Those Persons who had Property which would be affected by the Canal, are stated in the Lists annexed to the Original Petition, and he knows of no others.

[It appeared in the List of Land Owners annexed to the Original Petition, Matthew Batt is stated as assenting; and in the said List Fysh Deburgh is stated as applied to, and undecided, but desired to be a Subscriber.]

Your Committee then examined Mr. Matthew Batt, who said, He is both Owner and Occupier of Land in the Parishes of Drayton, Hillingdon, and Harlington, through which the Line of the intended Canal is to pass — That he wras applied to some Time in October by Mr. Chaplin, and another Gentleman, he cannot name, for his Assent; but refused — That with respect to Lands which he occupied of Mr. Deburgh, he said, he should be guided by what he should say: He meant to act as he should advise — No other Application was made to him for his Assent Mr. Chaplin and another Gentleman called on him one Day, and asked him to walk over the Field with them, and shew the Property through which the Canal was to pass — That he told them that he had got a Man who knew the Property as well as he did, and he went — This was after Mr. Chaplin had applied to him, and he did this to oblige Mr. Deburgh — That he conversed with the Man after he went over the Ground, but he never assented at all — That he expressed his Dissent when Mr. Chaplin applied to him at the White Horse — That he considered what he stud with respect to Mr. Deburgh to be a Refusal. Being asked, Whether he, ever more positively refused, than by saying he would do as Mr. Deburgh advised? He replied, Yes: He was determined not to be for th e BraunstonCanal, after he understood

tfrpre was to be another Canal; and he never assented to it before — That he expressed his Dissent to Mr. Brookes, in Uxbridge Street, in December last, but he does oof know who was present: He does not recollect to have conversed with the Reverend Mr. Lloyd on the Subject; but. he has seen him with Mr. Chaplin- — He never authorised them to put down his Name as assenting, never having been asked so to do — That both Parties made him Offers of having Shares in the respective Canals — That with respect to the Canal,

Mr. Chaplin told him at the White Horse, thajt if it went such a Distance of his Land, he was to have a Share; but he made no Reply — That it was in December he first understood there was to be an Opposition to the Braunston Canal, and he joined in that Opposition as soon as he heard of it; because he thought Two Cuts coming across the Common Field would entirely destroy it — That there was a Meeting, of Twp pr Three Parishes at the Magpie, at Hounslow Heath, in Vol. 48.

her, when every Person declared their Intention which Canal they would be for, and he signed for the Hampton Gay Canal; and was told he was a Subscriber, as Mr. Chaplin had told him with respect to the other Canal. — That Notice was given of this Meeting in Drayton Church — That he signed the Petition now before the Committee at the Request of Mr.

That he preferred the Hampton Gay Scheme, because he thought the Braunston Canal would do most Damage. At the Time Mr. Chaplin first applied to him, he aid not know there was any other Canal depending besides the Braunston; it was then said, that Two Ca-

nals were to meet before they came to Uxbridge — That Mr. Deburgh and he both signed the Hampton Gay

Petition — That he never signified to Mr. Chaplin that lie would be glad to take such Shares as his Proportion of Land would entitle him to Being asked, Whether he ever refused to sign the Hampton Gay Petition ? He replied, Yes.

Fysh Deburgh, Esquire, was next examined; who said, He is Landlord to Matthew Batt, who constantly expressed his Design of being guided by him in respect to his Consent to the Braunston Canal — That he was applied to for his Consent to this Canal; and he made no Distinction in that Application between his Right to assent for himself and that of assenting for Mr. Batt, conceiving the y went Hand in Hand, and in the Answer he gave he conceived himself answering for Mr. Batt. Being asked, Whether he did, or did not, assent to the Braunston Canal ? he replied. He could not answer that Question, without an Explanation: He has dissented to the Braunston Canal upon late Grounds, because he was first assured there would be a Coalition, and he now finds there will not — That his Answer, with respect to his Consent to the Canal, was conditional; as follows: Mr. Chaplin, with Three others, in October, called on him at Drayton to solicit his Consent: He replied, that he had previously assented to the Hampton Gay Canal, and had subscribed to it; and hoped there would not be Two Canals — Mr. Chaplin replied, that there was no Fear of that, for there would be a Coalition — That in case of a Coalition, he (the Witness) said, he would give no positive Answer till he had consulted Mr. Hilliard, a very considerable Landholder; and there the Matter rested — He has never seen any of the Parties since — He never gave a positive Opinion, or authorized any Person to put down his Consent — That Mr. Batt applied to him, to know his Sentiments, the very Day Mr. Chaplin called; and he then said, if there was to be only One Canal, he should have no Objection; but this was on a Presumption that there would be a Junction — That as soon as he had heard of the Refusal of the Managers of the Braunston Canal to coalesce with the Hampton Gay, which was in December, he then signified to Mr. Batt his positive Determination to oppose the Braunston Canal; before which Time he had not expressed any Disapprobation — That he had agreed with Mr. Batt to assent to the Braunston Canal, if it went Hand in Hand with the Hampton Gay — That if the Two Canals were made, lie should, have them both go nearly through one Farm Yard — He never expressed any Disapprobation to the Braunston Canal Agents, not having seen them till this Day — That he should not object to One Canal going through his Yard; but he should prefer the Hampton Gay Canal, as he was applied to for that Eight Months before.

Mr. Batt being again examined, he was asked, Whether he ever said to Mr. Hull (hat he was never applied to, but to shew the Premisses ? He replied, he might say so; he could not teU: He does not remember that he said so.

Mr. John Hull, said, That he had conversed with Mr. Bait respecting the Braunston Canal — Mr, Batt said, he had vgued) petition against the Canals-

That

Braunstou and Brentford Canal.

Petition

reported.

168 11" Febmaiii. A. 1793.

That the Witness asked him, how he came to sign that Petition, when he understood he had assented to their going through his Ground? He said, he had never been applied to for his Assent — That he had been applied to by Mr. Acton to shew the

Groupds through which the Line of the Canal was to pass. — Then,

Mr. Acton Chaplin being examined, said, That he applied to Mr. Batt for his Assent to the Canal passing through his Ground. This Application was made at the White Horse, at , he believes on the 18th of October, in Presence of the Reverend Mr. Lloyd and Mr. Edward Oakley Gray. Mr. said, he should be guided by his Landlord (Mr. Deburgh) for what he occupied; but as to that Part of the Land which was his own Property, he expressed to him he had no Objection; and said, he should be glad to be a Subscriber to the Canal, for so many Shares as the Quantity of his Land would entitle him to — Being asked, Whether he told Mr. Balt, at the Time, that he meant to put him down as assenting to the Braunston Canal? He said, No: He thought it would have been unnecessary, he having assented. The Book of Reference was marked in the Room, and he positively assented for his own Property. The Manner of his consenting was; he said, he had no Objection: And desired to have as many Shares as his Land entitled him to.

The Reverend Thomas Lloyd and Mr. Edward Oakley Gray, who were both present when the above-mentioned Application was made to Mr. Batt for his Assent to the Braunston Canal, severally corroborated the Testimony of Mr. Chaplin — And Mr. Gray further said, That no Hint whatever was dropt during the Conversation of a Coalition with the Hampton Gay — And that he clearly understood Mr. Bait gave his Consent for his own Land, without intending to consult any Person.

Mr. Thomas Brookes being examined, said, That he had a Conversation with Mr. Batt, about the 17th or 18th of December last, on the Subject of the Braunston Canal passing through his Ground; when Mr. Batt said, he had not any Objection with respect to his own Property; but being a Tenant to Mr. Deburgh, he could not consent without having his Approbation, as to that Land — That Mr. Batt also gave the Witness a Direction to his Tenant, of the Name of Watts, for the Purpose of getting his Assent; but he was not at Home.

[An Obliteration appearing against the Name of Matthew Batt, in the Reference to Horton Field, in the List of Owners and Occupiers (annexed to the Original Petition) and the Word " assenting," written under the said Name, Mr. Edward Oakley Gray, an Agent for the Braunston Canal, explained it thus — That the References were copied by the Clerk, and afterwards revised by the Agents; and the Errors corrected in the Presence of the Witnesses, when Application was made.]

Mr. Robert Edwards, who was next examined, owned. That he signed the Petition now before the Committee — That he never set his Hand to any Canal at all — That he was applied to in November, but does not know by whom: It was not the Braunston Canal Agent — He was applied to for the Hampton Gay Canal, not the Braunston Canal — His Property lies in ton Parish — His Brothers, Benjamin, , and him-

self, are jointly concerned in this Property, as Owners and Occupiers — His Brother Benjamin usually pays the Taxes and Levies — He (the Witness) lives with his Sister, Hannah Edwards, at the lower End of the Town, but has nothing to do with her Property — That the Petition was read over to him when he signed it — The Grievance he complained of was, that he did not like his Land cut in two by any Canal —

That he applied himself to get this Petition brought forward — That when he signed it, he understood that the general Tenor of it went to put a Stop to the Braunston Canal. — Then,

Mr. Acton Chaplin, One of the Agents for the Braunston Canal, -informed the Committee, That Robert Edwards's Name is not entered in the List of Owners and Occupiers; and the Reason he was not so entered was, that Benjamin Edwards told the Witness, that he was the Owner and Occupier of the Property; and he entered it in a Minute Book, which he has in his Hand, and which Minute he made at the Time.

Mr. William CoUison, being examined, said, He was present when Mr. Chaplin applied to Benjamin Edwards, when he |pointed out to Mr. Chaplin and him several Pieces of Land, of which he was Owner and Occupier — He did not mention any Joint Tenants or Occupiers with him.

Hannah Edwards being also examined, said, She signed the Petition — That her Complaint was the Damage that the Canal would do her Land — That she was applied to for her Consent to the Canal passing through her Ground — That she does not recollect the Persons, but thinks Mr. was one — She thinks this Application was made a little after' Michaelmas, but cannot exactly say — That her Answer was. Whether she gave her Consent or not, it was of very little Consequence — That about a Month or Six Weeks afterwards a Gentleman on Horseback asked her to sign for the Braunston Canal, and she refused — That she never gave her Consent to the Braunston Canal, or authorized any Person to put her Name down as such — That she is not an Owner, but Occupier, of Land, through which the Canal is to pass — Her Landlord is Count Desalis — That she is Joint Tenant of Land with her Two Brothers, Benjamin and Robei't — That her Brother Robert has no Property in the House in which she lives. Being asked, Why she thought it was of little Consequence whether she consented or not? She replied, Because she knew nothing about it; but afterwards found out it would spoil a great deal of Land. She was applied to as an Occupier, being Occupier.

Mr. Chaplin being next examined, said, That he applied to Hannah Edwards, as an Occupier, for her Assent to the Braunston Canal, in Presence of the Reverend Mr. Lloyd, Mr. John Hull, and Mr. Joseph Packer. She clearly and decidedly assented, without any Hesitation. Her Words, were, That she had no Objection. She made no further Answer or Explanation.

Mr. John Hull, Mr. Joseph Packer, and the Reverend Mr. Lloyd, being severally examined, confirmed this last mentioned Evidence of Mr. Chaplin.

Mr. William Philp, being examined, said, That he never consented to the Braunston Canal — He was asked, but he never would agree, sign, or consent to any Thing, before he knew more about it. — Then,

Mr. Chaplin said, That, about the 9th of November, he, in Presence of Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Hull, and Mr. Packer, applied to William Philp for his Assent to the Braunston Canal, and he gave his Assent decidedly, and authorized it to be set down; and went to fetch his Brother to be solicited also. This was after a Conversation with Mr. Hull. — Philp said, he had been applied to by Lord Berkeley, which caused the Conversation with Mr. Hull.

Mr. Hull also said, That he was present on the 9th of November, when Mr. Chaplin asked the Assent of William Philp', and he related the following Conversation, which passed on the Occasion. — Philp asked, how they approved of it at Uxbridge? He told him, very well. — Philp then said, he thought they had not, and that they would be afraid of their Water — The Witness told him, they were not.- — Philp then said,

he

Pkiie

&>-'* -r :o

iv

41

p'

p

Sr. I

Si

t,.:

c

j;*

h

isfi

y* r

s'

V,

h

it I

VI

it

3

33 Geo. III.

11° Febru

169

he wanted to have his Advice; and he advised him to assent. He then said, he would. — Mr. Chaplin asked Philip, if it should happen that he should be entitled to any Shares, whether he would take them, or no? On this, Philip asked the Witness his Advice; and he advised him to take them; and said, that if he would not, he would for him. Philip then said, he would take them.

— lie said, that Lord Berkeley had been round a few Days ago, and that he did not know what to do. — These Words respecting Lord Berkeley passed before the Conversation respecting the Canal.

Mr. Packer, being also examined, said. He was present on the 9th of November, when Philp's Consent was applied for — That he assented and agreed to take the Shares he was entitled to.

Mr. Richard Philp, being next examined, said; That he never consented to the Bra Canal — He never was asked the Question. He is an Occupier.

The Reverend Mr. Lloyd being examined, said. That, on the oth of November, he applied to a Person, apparently a middle aged Man, who, he understood, was Richard Philp, for his Assent to the Ca-

nal — This was in Harlington Street. He told him, there was a Canal which was intended to pass through some Land which he occupied — He said, he had no Objection. That Mr. Packer was near; but cannot say whether he heard the Conversation: He was near enough to see the Person he was with — That the Witness cannot identify Richard Philp at this present Time.

Mr. Chaplin said, He was at Harlington on the 9th of November — On being told by some Farmers that Richard Philp had just gone up the Street, Mr. Lloyd returned, and went after him.

The Reverend Mr. Lloyd further said. That he applied to Five Persons of the Name of Philp, who all gave their Assent. Being asked, How he was given to understand that the Person he appled to in Harlington Street was Richard Philp? he said. They enquired of several Persons, One of whom pointed to him a Man as Richard Philp — That he believes he addressed him by the Name of Richard Philp — He does not recollect whether he asked him if his Name was Richard Philp. That he understood from William Philp that his Brother was in the Field, and was expected Home very shortly, and it was possible they might meet him; which induced them to make an Enquiry as they passed along. On his being pointed out, he had no Hesitation about addressing him as Richard Pliilp — He is certain he addressed Richard Philp by Name.

Mr. Hull being examined, said, He did not know Richard Philp.

Mr. Richard Philp, being further examined, was asked, Whether any of these Gentlemen ever came to him, and asked his Consent to the Braunston Canal? be said, No: He was out in the Field when his Brother came after him — He did not ask him for his Consent; if be had, he never should have given it. Being further asked, If he ever dissented to the Braunslon Canal? he said, He always did in his own Mind — He never did to any Body else — He never was asked the Question respecting the Braunston Canal at all — He never was asked about it, but in common Talk; and he cannot recollect any Thing about it. He has a Son, named Richard, who is neither Proprietor or Occupier of Land, but lives with him in his Ihisiness. That the Reason he petitioned was, because his Land would be cut in two; and that was the only Reason.

Mr. James Davies was next examined; who said, He did not consent to the Braunston Canal — That Two Gentlemen called on him, and asked him, whether the Canal would not go across some of his Land ? to which he replied, it would cross Two Acres — They then asked his Consent; and he said, he would never give his Consent at all, — Then,

Vol. 48.

Mr. Edward Oakley Gray said. He applied to James Davies on the 14th of November for his Assent to the Braunslon Canal going through his Land — He at first objected, on Account of the small Quantity which he had; otherwise, he said, he had no Objection — That the Witness then left him, and went to John,

his Neighbour, accompanied by Mr. — That

Davies followed them to Raper's; and asked Raper, if he had consented? — That, on Raper saying he had,

Davies' said, they might put him down as consenting —

That the Witness did not tell Davies, when he applied to him for his Assent, that the Canal was to divide the Parishes.

This last mentioned Evidence was corroborated by Mr. James Barnes.

Mr. John Raper, being next examined, said, That he is a Land Owner — That he was asked his Consent; but never gave it. — Then,

Mr. Gray, being again examined, said. That he applied to Raper, on the 14th of November, for his

Assent — That he told him, a Compensation would be made him for what Land was taken for the Canal; and he assented, without any Hesitation.

Mr. Barnes confirmed this Evidence: And further added. That he w as at Harlington on the 4th of this Month, on Business of the Canal — He heard that Mr.

Raper should have said, that he never was applied to — That Mr. Newman went with him to s —

That he asked Raper, if he knew him? He said he did — He asked him, if he had given him and Mr.

Gray his Consent to go through his Land? He said, he had; but he understood it was to cut the Parishes in two.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Dunston Iu-Comtnon Fields and Heath, Common Pasture and closure Bill Waste Lands, in the Parish of Dunston, in the County comfnlUed* of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Ingilby, Mr. Scott, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Land Owners and Occupiers of Petition in Land of the Parishes or Townships of Cowley, Hilling- {*','our of don, and Drayton, in the County of Middlesex, was isie^^h* presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Canal.

That the Petitioners have duly considered the Plan of a Navigable Cut or Canal proposed to be made from Hampton Gay, in the Parish of S in the County of Oxford, to Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex:

And praying, That the Bill for effecting the said Canal may pass into a Law,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, or against Residents, in the several Parishes and Places of Hil- Br"u"st0"

lingdon, Cowley, Drayton, Harlington, and other Places "rd cr^aj' between the Town of Uxbridge and the River Thames, Bill, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House for forming a Navigable Canal from Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to the River Thames at New Brentford, in the said County of Middlesex, to be called The Grand Junction Canal; and that several of the Petitioners, before they had Intimation of the said Canal, were applied to for their Consents, and have since actually signed a Petition, for a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from Shipton, in the County of Oxford, to the said River Thames at Jsleworth, in the County of Middlesex, to be called The London and Western Canal, and which Petition hath been already presented to the House; and that

X x the

1T0

11° — -129 Febnlctrii.

A. 1793.

the said Canals have their Commencement very distant A Petition of the several Parsbns, whose Names are Frodsham from each other, and open different Communications, thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and i^^*)*bpe

appear to have in View Objects of great National and other Owners of Estates within the Town and Lord* t-ition. "

Local Importance, and to be of Public Utility; in ship of Frodsham, in the County of Chester, and within

their Progress towards the Thames they will approach the Township of in the said County, was pre-

within the Distance of Six Miles of each other at sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

there are, within the said Town and Lordship of

JF<

fi0

jcnfr tort-

Mersworth, in the County of Bucks, and at the Town of Uxbridge, their Distance from each other will scarcely exceed FiftyYards, and, in passing from Uxbridge towards the Thames, each of the said intended Canals are designed for several Miles to pass through the Lands of several of the Petitioners in a parallel Direction, within Twenty Yards of each other, and in some Places to clash exactly in the same Line; and that several of the Petitioners have been induced to acquiesce in the Application for each of those Canals, under a firm Assurance that a Junction or Union of their respective Companies was in Contemplation, and Rights would take Place, but the Petitioners now cease to Utility:

are,

Frodsham, and within the said Township of Helsby, divers Commons and Waste Grounds, upon which the Petitioners are entitled to Right of Common; and that the said Commons and Waste Grounds are, in their present State, of little Use, and incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments amongst the Persons interested therein, such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, would be a manifest Advantage to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons entitled to such of Common as aforesaid, and of Public And therefore praying, That Leave may be

expect that any such Union will be effected by reason given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the of the uniform Rejection, by the Persons concerned said Commons and Waste Grounds, under such Re-for the Braunston Canal, of the various Propositions gulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem which have been brought forward; and that the cut- meet.

ting of Two Canals to effect that salutary Purpose Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

through the Petitioners Ground, where One would pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that answer all the Purposes intended by both, is likely to Mr. Kynaston and Mr. do prepare, and bring in,

be attended with great and serious Detriment to the the same.

Petitioners, who will be thereby grievously oppressed, subjected to various Inconveniencies, and whose Property will be highly injured and deteriorated: And therefore praying the House to take their Case into

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- Petition in chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others. Inha- *fvour of bitants of the Town of Sheffield, in the County of and Bwntford Consideration, and that they may be heard, by their York, was presented to the House, and read; Talcing Canal Bill. Counsel, against the said Bill depending for making the Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Na-Braunston, or Grand Junction Canal, or against such vigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation, at Parts thereof as may affect their Interest or Property, Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of -

Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal:

And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Llanferret and Kilken inclosure Petition.

to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition 'do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Estates within the Parishes of -

s(

jLb.

ttvj

:j

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Mutiny Bill ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferred. House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintain- Second ing a Navigable Canal from the Canal, in the Ending of

County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or near, Oak, in the said oak Canal County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to commu- Bill deferred.

Cl

serres, in the County of Denbigh, and Kilken, in the nicate therewith, be read a Second Time upon Friday County of Flint, was presented to the House, and Morning next.

read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, divers open Commons and Waste Grounds, upon which the Petitioners are entitled to Right of Common; and that the said Commons and Waste Grounds are, in their present State, of little Use, and incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were inclosed, and divided into specific Allotments amongst the Persons interested therein, such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, would be a manifest Advantage to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons entitled to such Rights of Common as aforesaid, and of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Commons and Waste Grounds, under such Reflations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Kytmton and Sir Roger Mostyn do prepare, and bring in, toe same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 12* die Februarii;

Anno 33* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1793.

PRAYERS.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Newcastle rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new "?aer Lyne Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this pre»- rit> sent Parliament for the Borough of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, in the room of Sir Archibald Macdonald, Knight, now Lord Chief Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

< A Petition

Lieh Gilp ud Loth Ditto Ca-d Petition.

[ Limbon,

n it Road Pe-

titm w-iu petted,

tBj ?l *

id

i tit

m

Cs-

it!:.'-

Maock dPioty pool Caul Puitioa reported.

33 Geo. III.

12° Febrit.

171

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Peti- lack, Llanvigan, JJanthetty,

tion of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Merchants, and Llanelly in the County of Brecknock,

Trader^ and others, whose Names are thereunto sub- and the several Parishes of

scribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting L Goytre , Mafnhilad, forth, That, by a Survey lately taken, it appears T Pont y moile, and practicable to make a Cut or Canal, navigable for Llanvrechva, in the County of Monmouth, to join and Ships, Boats, and other Vessels, from Loch Gilp to communicate with the Monmouthshire Canal near the Loch Cri/tan, in Argyllshire, passing through the Parishes Town of Pont y Pool in the County of Monmouthand of South Knupdale, North Knapdale, Glassry, alias Kil- that the making and maintaining such Canal, together

michael, and Kilmartine, in the said Shire; and that the with such Navigable Collateral Cuts to communicate

with such Canal as may be found necessary, and also proper Rail or Waggon Ways, or Stone Roads, to such Canal and Collateral Cuts, will be the Means of opening an easy Communication with several considerable Iron Works, Collieries, Limestone Quarries, and ex-

making of such Cut or Canal, and also such proper Towing Paths, and other Roads to the same, as may be found necessary, will be of great Advantage to the Trade, Fisheries, Manufactures, and Agriculture, carried on in that Part of the Country, and to the Kingdom in general: And therefore praying, That Leave tensive Tracts of Land abounding with Iron Ore, Coal, may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, Limestone, and other Minerals, and will, in many other in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, Respects, be of great Public Utility, as to the House shall seem meet Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Town of Brecknock to the Monmouthshire Canal near the mine the Matter thereof, and report the same, as it Town of in the County of and for

shall appear to them, to the House: making and maintaining Railways and Stone Roads

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, the from such Canal to several Iron Works and Mines in Marquis of Lome, &c.: And they are to meet To- the Counties of Brecknock and Monmouth: And that Mr. morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Morgan and Sir Charles Morgan do prepare, and bring Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, in, the same.

and Records.

Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Glamorgan, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Dadford,a Surveyor, being examined, said,

That there is not, at present, any direct public Carriage Road in that part of the County of Glamorgan which is described in the Petition; and that the opening and 26th January 1792, making a safe and Commodious Carriage Road, in as Together with a Schedule of the said Papers,

direct a Line as the Limits will admit of, will be pro- And the said Schedule was read,

ductive of great Benefit and Convenience to all Persona Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the residing or having Estates near the Course of such Road, Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lord Arden, from the Commissioners for exe- Siateof cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great can Forts Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to the Di- Pres*ntetl-rections of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. State and Condition of James Fort, Accra;. dated January 1792: And also,

N° 2. State and Condition of Appolonia Fort; dated 8th January 1792: And also,

N° 3. State and Condition of Commenda Fort; dated 17th January 1792: And also,

N° 4. State and Condition of Dixcaoe dated 13th January 1792: And also,

N° 5. State and Condition of Tantumquerry Fort;

: And also,

State and Condition of Winnebah Fort; dated January 1792: And also.

State and Condition of Cape Co dated

dated

N* 6,

N* 7.

and will likewise be of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for opening and making a new Road from the Turnpike Road at Craig Evan Leyson, in the Parish of Lan-vabon, to the Confines of the Parish of Ystradyvoduck, near Abernant, in the County of Glamorgan: And that Mr. Morgan and Sir Charles Morgan do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to Blackburn whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for car- and ®"re* lying into Execution Two Acts of Parliament of the fojj pe";.®e Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the tion reported. Second, and the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the repairing Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom and widening the Road from Blackburn to Burscough the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, M&nu- Bridge, in the County of Lancaster, was referred; That facturers, and others, of the Counties of Brecknock and the Committee had examined, and found that the No-Monmouth, was referred; That the Committee had tices required to be given by the Standing Orders of examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been com- given within the Time limited for that Purpose, it not plied with; and that the Committee had examined the having been determined to make the Application till Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to after the Time limited for giving the Notices; but report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House> that Notice of such Application had been given in and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards The Manchester Mercury of the 25th Day of December delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same 1792, and the 5th and 8th Days of January lust, and

on the Door of the Sessions House for the County of Lancaster at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions; and that the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he

was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Dadford being examined, said, That a Canal

for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels may be made from the Town of Brecknock, through

the several Parishes of Stunt John Evangelist, Llanham- read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered VolM. it

172 12° Februarii. 1793.

it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Nicholas Gritnshaw, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts with respect to the said Road, and have borrowed 500 /. on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are enlarged, the Tolls increased, and further Powers granted — And the Witness added, That the several Powers necessary for the Purposes aforesaid might be better and more conveniently executed if the same were to be comprized in one Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending and keeping m Repair the Road from Blackburn to Burscough , in the County of Lancaster-, and that Sir Henry Hoghton and Mr. Blackbume do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Essex Roads A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to Petition. pUt in Execution the several Acts made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the Twentieth of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the several Roads, in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Direction of the said Acts; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Roads effectually amended, repaired, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, and some further and other Powers and Authorities granted for those Purposes; and that the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Acts were repealed, and the Terms and Powers therein contained reduced into One Act of Parliament, it would tend greatly to the Ease of the Petitioners, and the more effectual Reparation of the said Roads.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bramston, Sir John &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hadley, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

fleeuh&cen" thereunto subscribed. Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, pe't;. and Inhabitants of the County of Essex, was presented tion. to the House and read; Setting forth, That the Road

leading from Hadley Turnpike Gate, in the Parishes of Thundersley and South in the said County of

Essex, to Stifford Bridge, in the Parish of ,in the said County, and the Road leading from a Farm House, called Tarpotts, at the Corner of Tarpott ,in the

Parish of South Benfleet aforesaid, to the Town of South Benfleet, in the said Parish of South Benfleet, and the Road leading from the Pound in the Town of Brentwood, in the Parish of South JVeald, and County aforesaid, to Tilbury Fort, in the said County, and also, the Road from Billericay, in the Parish of Great to

Horndon on the Hill, in the County aforesaid, into the Road above-mentioned, and described as leading from the Pound in Brentwood, to Tilbury Fort aforesaid, and also, the Road leading from Stanford Bridge, in the Parish of Stanford-le-hope, in the said County, to in

the Parish of Jy°st Thurrock, in the County aforesaid,

are in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping the said Roads in Repair, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it. is referred to Mr. Bramston, Sir John &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir John Call presented to the House, according to Plymouth Order, a Bill for supplying the Towns of Plymouth jj' Dock, Stoke Damarel, Slonehouse, and the Parts adja- pre^ei[tJ cent, in the County of Devon, with Water: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are South Mil-thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and j0rtl1 *nd others, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cot- }^j^re tages, Lands, and Estates, within the Townships or petition. Hamlets of South Milforth and Lumby, in the Parish of Sherburn, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That there are, within the Township of South Milforth aforesaid, several Common Town Fields, by Estimation 600 Acres or thereabouts, and Three Commons or Parcels of Waste Ground, containing in the Whole by Estimation 500 Acres, or thereabouts, and that there are, within the Township or Hamlet of Lumby aforesaid, several Common Town Fields, by Estimation too Acres, or thereabouts, and a Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Lumby,

containing by Estimation 70 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the several Lands of the respective Proprietors, in the said Common Fields, lie dispersed and intermixed with each other, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and the said Commons or Waste Grounds, in their present Situation, are of little Value to the said Proprietors, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to all the Parties interested therein:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to divide and inclose the said Open Fields, and Commons or Waste Grounds, and for other Purposes to be therein contained, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Mordaunt Milner and Mr. Sotheron do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Pttitionin City of York, was presented to the House, and read; faYOUr °J ,h‘ Setting forth. That, by Means of the Navigation of £p{J£jon the Rivers Air and Colder, in the West Riding of the for Wakefield County of York, the City of York, and a great Extent and Barnsley of the adjacent Country, bordering upon the River Ouse, Canal, have, for many Years past, been principally supplied with Coal, the Consumption of which hath lately considerably increased; and that the Inhabitants of the said City and Places adjacent, are at present, and have been for some Time past, greatly distressed for want of a regular Supply of Coal, which they formerly used to have, by reason whereof the Price of that necessary Article hath been lately greatly advanced; and that the Petitioners are informed Application is intended to be made, in the present Session of Parliament, for an Act for making a Navigable Canal or Cut from the

33 Geo. III. 12° Febrnarix.

173

the said River Colder, below Wakefield, to and above Barnsley, in the said West Riding of the County of York, which will pass through a Country abounding in Coal, and, as they conceive, greatly relieve the Inhabitants of the said City, by causing a larger and more regular Supply of Coal than they now have, or lately have been able to procure, and would tend to reduce the present high Price thereof: And therefore praying, That the said intended Application may be carried into Effect, and that the Bill for that Purpose may pass into a I-aw.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

liimptonam] Sir John Morshead presented to' the House, accord-Road Bill 'n8 to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending an presented. Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act " for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the " Road from the Guide Post, at the West End of the " Town of Hampton, over Common, to the

"Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Cudmitge General Adeane presented to the House, according to klTilT Order, a Bill for repairing the lloads from the Town of prettied. Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from the said Town of Cambridge to in the Counties of

Cambridge and Essex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

BiUto Mr. Peel presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navi-Mil ud' |a^e Canal from the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury BiiyCaotl Canal, now making at, or nearly at, a Place called pwied. Hinde's Mill, in the Parish of Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to and into the Calder Navigation, at or lie ir to Sower by Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York', and also, £no‘.her Navigable Canal from the said Bolton, and Bury Canal, at Bolton, to a Place at or near to Red Moss, in the Township of Blackrod, in the said County of Lancaster: And the same was received; and rpad the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mum- Mr. Peel presented to the House, according to

temiilK Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of

Ashtoounder ^anal Navigation from Manchester to or near Lyoeaod Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, to extend the said Canal

Oldham from a Place called Clayton Demesne, in the Township halpre* of Droylsden, in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a wlfi Place in the Turnpike Road in leading

between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the Sign of the Three Boars Heads, and from, or nearly from, a Place called Taylors Bam, in the Township of Reddish, to Denton, at a Place called Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike Road, leading between Stockport and Ashton under and also from the intended Aqueduct Bridge, at or near a Place called Water houses, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to Hollimvood, in the Township of Oldham aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wiioofrom A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there-Mwchester unto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of PwsiooTo Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was thtSomrby presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of Bndgeud the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Ca-c#n*rook nfti from Colder Navigation, at or near Smverby w '' Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Vol. 48.

Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners understand, that the said intended Canal is proposed, by the Projectors thereof, to run for the Length of One Mile, or thereabouts, in a parallel Direction with the present Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham Canal, at the Distance only of about 400 Yards therefrom, and the Petitioners also understand, that the Line, as now proposed for the said Rochdale Canal, so far as the same will run parallel with the said Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham Canal, in the Town of,

will cross and intersect so many Streets already made, and planned to be made, as to render it absolutely necessary that no less than Eight arched Bridges must be made over the said Rochdale Canal, within the Length of One Mile, which must consequently render the passing and re-passing along the said Streets very inconvenient and detrimental to the Inhabitants of the said Town of Manchester; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, that it would tend greatly to the Convenience and Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Manchester, and the Public, that the said intended Rochdale Canal, if the said Bill now depending for making the same should pass into a Law, should communicate with the said Manchester,

Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham Canal, at some Place not nearer to the Town of Manchester, than a House situate in the Township of Manchester aforesaid, belonging to Mr. David Holt, which might be beneficial to the Proprietors of the said intended Canal, and would undoubtedly be advantageous to the Inhabitants of the said Town of Manchester, by preventing the Necessity of making the Number of communicative Bridges above-mentioned: And therefore praying,

That Provision may be made in the said Bill, that the said intended Canal may form a Junction with the said Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham Canal, at some Place not nearer to the said Town of than the Place above specified, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom Lobley Hill, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, and Ald* and Inhabitants of the several Counties of Durham, Road»&C Cumberland, and Northumberland, whose Names are Petition re-thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Com- ported, mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; except with respect to the Two Branches of Road described in the Petition, which it was not determined to include in the intended Bill until after the Time limited for giving Notices as required by the said Standing Orders, hut that Notices had been given for the said Branches of Road in The Newcastle Courant of the 20th and 27th of October, and the 3d of November last, and also at the adjourned Michaelmas Quarter Sessions held at Durham and Newcastle; and that the Committee had examind the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Fenwick being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Gateshead and Hexham, at or near a Place called Lobley Hill, in the Parish of Wickham, in the County of Durham, to Aldstone, in the County of through the several Parishes of Wickham, Lamesley,

Tanfield, Lanchester, Wolsingham, and Stanhope, in the County of Durham, and Aldstony, in the County of

Y y Cumberland;

12° Februarii.

A. 1793.

Cumberland; and a Branch of the same Road leading praying. That they may be admitted as Parties, ac-from a Place called Bryan's Leap, in the County of cording to the Form of the Statute in that Case lately Durham, to the Corbridge Turnpike Road near a Place made and provided, to oppose the said Right of Elec-

called Blackhedley, in the County of Northumberland, tion, in Favour of which the said Select Committee through the several Parishes of Tanfeld and Lanchester have reported as aforesaid, and that they may have aforesaid, and of Shotley, in the said County of Northum- such other Relief in the Premises as to the House berland;and another Branch of the said Road leading shall seem meet, and the Nature of the Case may from the Town of IVolsingham aforesaid, to the Head require.

V

rJ'

a®

1

T

),i

Redness and Swidefleet Drainage and Inclosure Petition.

Petition respecting the Right of Election for Seaford.

of Crosgate, near the City of Durham, through the several Parishes of IVolsingham aforesaid, and of Saint Andrew Auckland, Brancepeth, and Saint Oswald, in the said County of Durham, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, in some Parts liable to be overflowed, and incommodious to Passengers, and cannot be effectually repaired, raised, widened, and kept in Repair by the Methods provided by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving the Road from the Turnpike Road between Gateshead and Hexham, near Lobley Hill, in the Parish of Wickham, in the County of Durham, to Aldstone, in the County of Cumberland, and a Branch from the said Road, near Bryan's Leap, in the said County of to the

bridge Turnpike Road, near Blackhedley, in the County of Northumberland, and another Branch from the said Road at Wolsingham, in the County of Durham, to Crosgate, near the City of Durham: And that Mr. Burdon and Mr. Milbanke do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Estates in the Townships of Redness and in

the Parish of Whitgift, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Townships, divers large Parcels of Moor Lands, which are subject to be overflowed, or otherwise annoyed with Water, and the Lands of the Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present Situation are almost wholly unprofitable to the Proprietors thereof, but if the same were drained, divided, and inclosed, it would be'very advantageous to all the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sotheron, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of , in the County of Sussex, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, upon the igth Day of March 1792, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Sir God-

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration upon Thursday, the 11th Day of April next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr.

Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Town and Port of Seaford, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members - to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Hansen'sNa whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for naturalizing Peter Peterson Hansen and Otto an 1>asM ‘ Hinrick Hansen, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hemy Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Petition of William EarlJVelby, Lord of the Manor Allington In-or Manors of Allington, in the County of Lincoln, and closure Peti-others, Owners of Lands in the Open Fields within tmn-the said Manor or Manors, was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement; and that if the said Fields were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners and others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,.That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Sir John Thorold, and Mr. Anderson Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Cocks reported from the Committee, to whom Tedbury the Petition of the Trustees for putting into Execu- Roads Peti-

k

frey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, against tion an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth tion rcPortt(1-

the Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford, reported to the House, that they had determined, " That the Right " of Election is in the Inhabitants, Housekeepers of " the said Town and Port, paying Scotland Lot, and in such Inhabitants Housekeepers only;* and that the

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads " leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, " and the Road through the Parish of Bromesberrow " and Corse Lawn, till it joins the Road from Gloucester

" to Worcester," was referred; That the Committee

Petitioners are advised, that the said Right of Election, had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of so determined by the said Select Committee, is not the the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been com-Right of Election for the said Town and Port; And plied with; and that the Committee had exaimned therefore, to prevent the said Judgment of the said Se- the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him lect Committee from becoming final and conclusive, to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the

a House;

33 Geo. III. 12° Februarii. 175

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Philip Ballard being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Act, but find the Powers thereof insufficient for the effectual Repair of the said Roads. That a considerable Sum of Money is now due on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof explained, amended, altered, and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads " leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford,

" and the Road through the Parish of " in the County of Gloucester, and Corse Lawn, till it " joins the Road from Gloucester to WorcesterAnd that Mr. Cocks and Mr. Dowdeswell do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Hi»lj In- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and item: Bill Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and tmmiued. Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Risely, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to 'Mr. St. John, the Earl of Upper Ossory, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Smtoo Cold- A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for Wd Road putting into Execution the Powers of an Act of Par-ttoD' liament, made and passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act to continue the Term, and vary " the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the " Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,

" for repairing the Road from Sutton Coldfield Common,

" and several other Roads therein described, in the " County of Stafford, as relates to the Wolverhampton " District of Roads," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising therefrom, which still remain due; and the Petitioners find that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls repaid, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers of the said Act altered, amended and enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue, enlarge, and render more effectual, the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. St. John, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petitions in A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer-iivour of chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inlia-

and Bfent- ^itants of the Town of D, in the County of Derby

M Cauai "Jf0*.

Bit A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

Vol. 48.

Erewash Canal, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation, at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed in Southan p-and by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of His ton Church _ present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for taking down Petition'

" and re-building the Parish Church of All Saints,

" within the Town and County of the Town of " Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purposes of a Church Yard, for the Use of the said " Parish," was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by the said Act, the Petitioners are authorized, whenever they shall find it necessary, to rate and assess all Persons who shall inhabit, occupy, or enjoy, a Messuage, Tenement, Land, or Hereditament, within the said Parish of All Saints, in any Sum s

of Money not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound for any One Year, of the Yearly Value of such Messuages, Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be collected and paid in Manner in the said Act mentioned, and the Petitioners are empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow any Sum of Money, not exceeding 5,000l. upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments by tire said Act granted; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have taken down the Old Church, and fixed on a Plan for building a New Church suitable and proper for the Parishioners of the said Parish of All Saints, but, on an Estimate and Computation of the Expences of re-building the said Church, the Petitioners find that the said Sum of 5,000l. will not be sufficient to re-build and finish the same; and that the Petitioners are restrained from borrowing more than 5,000l. although the Rate raised will much more than pay the Interest of the said Sum authorized to be borrowed under and by virtue of the Powers in the said Act contained, and a further Sum of Money is necessary for re-building the said Church, and carrying the said Act into Execution, and the said Act is, in several other Respects, defective: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, altering, and enlarging, the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner as will enable the Petitioners more effectually to carry the same into Execution, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir William Young, Air.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed that Mr. Se- Account of

cretary to the Commissioners for Reduction of the Na- Commis-tional Debt, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to National ° the Directions of an Act of Parliament, Debt pre-

The Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction sented of the National Debt.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

g

cq"

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

7th Year.

The AC CO MPT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Jan. 13.

26.

*7-

Feb. 3.

7-

8.

9-

10.

14-

15.

16.

17. 21. 23-

28.

29-Mar. 1. 2. 6.

7-

8.

9-

13-

14-

15-16.

20.

21.

22.

23-

27.

28.

29.

3°-

Apr. 3.

4-

5-11* 12.

13-

»7-

18.

19.

20.

24.

26.

27*

D\

23d Quarter.

Quarterly Issue -Consol. Dividend N. Sou. Sea D* -Sou. Sea 1751 D° By Stock bought

- Ditto -

- Ditto - - -r

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto - - -Ditto -

Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto -

3y Stock bought Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto -

Ditto -Ditto -

Ditto -

Ditto- - -Ditto -

Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -\y Stock bought Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - - -Ditto - A - -Ditto - - -Ditto - -Ditto - - -400,000 /."I To part of Extra/

Cash received.

Total 23 Qr

£. 5. d.

250,000 ——

45,225 ——

15,600 ——

5,025 ——

Old South Sea 3 per Cent.

Capital.

63,161 ——

37u,oii ——

7,600

6,000

6,100

7,400

7>5°°

Price.

7,600

7,600

7»5°°

5,900

941 94 t

94 i 96 i 961

95 f

96}

97

97 i

7,600

4,000

1,000

7,40°

6,750

89,950

94

94

951

95

90 i I

Sums paid.

£.*. d. 7,17a 10 — 5,66a 10 —

5,749 5 —

7,141 ——

7,aa8 a 6

7,a67 10 7,334 ~ 7,275 — 5,737 >5

7,*44 —

3,76° —

952 io 7,030 —

6,117 ——

85,57* 2 6

T

New South Sea 3 per Cent. South Sea 1751, 3 per Cent. Consolidated 3 per Cent, Reduced 3 per Cent* cr

Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sams paid. Capital. in all the Stocks. Cash paid.

£. £. *. d £. £. d. £. £. s. d. £. £. r- £, 7,600 £.>. d. 7,17a 10 —

7,600 93 J 7,106 m - - - - . m m m ... . - 7,600 7,106

i,6oo 941 1,512 — — 7,600 7,174 10 —

5,100 93 f 4,768 IO 2,500 93 i 2,337 10 — 7,600 7.106

- - - - - . 1,500 94 f 1,415 *2 6 7,600 7,164 17 6

2,400 96 2,304 5,000 961 4.843 *5 — 7,400 7,147 15 —

7,400 7,141

1,700 95 i 1,619 5 — - - - 5*700 96 i 5,474 i° — 7,400 7,093 15 —

7,500 7,118 a 6

5*9°° 95 i 5,619 15 — 1,600 95 i 1,524 — — 7,500 7,143 15 —

7,5«>o 94 i 7,078 2 6 2,026 IO 7.500 7,078 a 6

5,500 95 i 5,266 5 — 2,100 96 — 7,600 7,19a 15 —

7,600 7,167 10 —

1,35° 95 x 1,289 5 — 6,25* 96 i 6,023 1® 9 7,600 7.3*2 13 9

7,600 7.334

6,500 95 i 6,231 17 6 1,000 95 i 958 15 — 7*500 7,190 la 6

7,500 7,275 - ~

7,500 96 i 7,256 5 -- 7,500 7,156 5 —

1,500 97 1,455 ... - - 7,400 7,191 15 —

7,400 96 i 7,111 10 — 7.400 7,111 10 —

7*4®° 96 i 7,' 13 5 — - - - 7,400 7,*13 5 —

3,000 95 i 2,876 5 — 4,400 95 i 4.218 10 - - - - 7,400 7>°94 *5 —

7,400 96 i 7,168 15 — ... - - - 7,4*° 7,168 15 —

7,400 96 i 7,122 10 — 7,400 7,111.10 —

95 i 7,400 96 f 7*59 10 — ... - - - - 7,400 7,159 10 —

5,4oo 95 i 5,177 5 — 2,000 1,917 10 — 7,400 7,°94 *5 —

7,400 96 i 7*5° 5 - 7,400 7,150 5 —

7,400 ©6 7,104 — 7,400 7.104

7,400 96 i 7>i50 5 - 7,400 7,150 5 —

7*00 95H 7,078 — 7,400 7,078

7.500 96 H 7,222 5 - 7,500 7,an 5 —

7,600 94 1 7,191 10 7,600 7,191 10 —

7,600 95 i 7*239 - - - - 7,600 7,239

2,600 941 a,463 10 — 5,000 941 4,737 10 — 7,600 7,aoi

7,*44

10,700 94 i 10,111 10 4.400 94 k 4,158 15,100 14,169 10 —

1 l 10,556 — — 15,200 14,316

7.550 9^1 7,257 8 9 7,30° 96 i 7,017 a 6 14,850 H,274 i* 3

13,800 95 i 13*179 — — 14,800 14,131 10 —

14,800 95 i »4>*7* 14,800 14,171

93 i 93 i 7,5oo 95 t 7*134 7 6 14,900 14,164 7 6

14,100 >3,218 15 — 1,000 937 10 — 15,100 14.156 5 —

1,500 9*1 i,376 5 — 2,000 9i i 1,835 - - - ( - - 12,100 9* } 11,016 a 6 15,600 >4.237 7 '®

1,200 91 i 1,101 7,800 90 4 7,049 5 15,750 I 14,267 5 —

138,600 - 131,987 18 9 40,500 t 38,452 2 6 54,800 - - 52,759 5 — 74.550 - " 70,240 1 1 3 398,400 1 379,011

j 1 \ ' \ \ \ \ \ \ ' \ f A

a

<3-

s

a

_ .

<0

cs>

I J

<£S>

o

N

N

(Q

i — h

n‘

0

Q_

cr

o

o

o

00.

?T

im. Apr. 13*

*7'

20.

May 2. k 3-4*

5.

9<

lo.

n.

15.

16. l8.

22.

23-

24.

25. 30-3»-

June 1.

5-

6.

7*

8.

12.

13*

M*

15.

19*

20.

21.

22.

26.

27.

28. July 3.

4*

5*

6.

10.

11.

12.

13.

*7-

18.

19.

20.

24<

26.

27-

31.

24th Quarter.

To Remainder extra Grant Quarterly Issue 1777 Ann-j Year Unclaim* and exp4 Ann* -Surplus of 99 and 96 D°

Old S. Sea and ] Red. Dividends By Stock bought

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto - Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -By Stock bought

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -By Stock bouj

- Ditto -

- Ditto

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

- Ditto -By Stock bought

ght

Cash received.

£ Sm dm

33$>839 ——

250,000 — —

1-2,500 — —

31,987 17 — 9,°46 5 5 59)55° ——

Total 24 Qr. £.

699,923 2 5

Old South Sett 3 per Cent.

Capital.

8,100

10,600

12,700

13,300

12,900

7,800

4,100

1,000

9>7°°

3>300

4,100

5,000

Price.

Suras paid.

93H

92

91 i

9° i

9°i

9°1

92 i 9*1

91 i

9i|

15,80°

2,000

3,200

11,500

124,800

91 i 911

91 i

92?

£. s.

7)575 ——

9.752 ——

11,636 7 6

12,036 10 —

11,658 7 6

7>°49 5 —

3,807 17 6

923 15 —

8,914 ——

2,775 ——

3,741 5

4,58l 5

14,496 10 1,825 —

New South Sea. 3 per Cent.

Capital.

6,000

14,000

8,805

11,800

2,936 —

10,666 5

114,384 7 6

9,800

5i5°°

1,200

95

2,700

2,000

3*4°°

2,000

Price.

93 H 93i 921 91 4

Sums paid.

d.

89!

92 i

924

924

91

91 J

5,612 10 — 13,037 10 —

8,133 12 5 10,811 15 —

8,807 15 —

5,1Q8

1,114

87

2,457

10

17

South Sen *751, 3 Por Cent.

Capital.

924

9»t

200 924

67,500

1,830 ——

3,136 10 — 1,832 10 —

184 io --

62,154 a 5

1,800

1,000

,700

2,000

Price.

Sums paid.

J.

93 4 92 4

92 4

6,500

91

1,676

923

‘,572

1,830

5 —

15 —

IO

Consolidated 3 per Cent.

Capital.

6,400

16.600 16,500

16.600

13,5°°

Price.

90 874 874 88» 884 89J

9° 2

14,000

!3>3o

16.000

16.000 12,700 16,100

16.000

12.000 8,000 2,700 8,200

Sums paid.

£. s. d.

5,760 ——

14,525 ——

14,518 a 6

14,629 ——

12,251 5 —

12,698 15 — 12,119 12 6

H,592 10

14,600 ——

11,572 17 6

14,69! 5 —

14,640 ——

10,995 ——

7,400 ——

2,494 2 7,523 10

11,800 92 f 10,900 5 —

6,002 10 —

216,400

195,9H 5 —

Reduced 3 per Cent.

Capital.

7*5°°

9,600

5,000

3,300

6.200 2,700

4.200

3*3°°

8,400

2,700

10,300

11,500

*4>5oo

14>7°o

14.000 6,000

15*800

12,700

15*7°°

15.800

15.800 11,900

16.000 11,400 15*500

15*800

15*800

15*800

Price.

16,000

7.800 9,400 5,600

4,3°°

3.800

348,800

93 t 4 934

92*

9*'i 9* i 9" 4 9*

90 J

9° 4

9or

924

93

92 H

m

92 4

93 _

9*4

Q2 4

9*4

9,i

9'#

9»44 9« t 9*4

9*

914 9*1

9*4

Sums paid.

s.

7,106 17 6

8,976 ——

4,612 10 .

3027 15 — 5,688 10 2,446 17 3,82a — 2,986 10 7,602 —

10

15

9*444

*,443

9*5° 1 *0,695 *3.37* 13,591 12,855 5,527 14,^9+ >1,779 14,502

‘4,6l5 »4,476 *5 10,873 ia 14,627 *0,459 *4>*79 *4,536

*4»52o

*4,555

10

5

10

5

*7

10

10

7

*5 —

14,661 5 —

7,263 *5 —

8»74* 5 —

5,180 ——

3,993 I. 6

3,538 >7 6

Capital in all the Stocks.

15*^00

15.600

15.600 15*800

16.000 16,005

16.000

16.000

16.200

16.200

16.200

16.600 16,500

16.600

16.200

15.800

15.600

15.700 i5*7°o 15*795 15>7°o 15*800 i5'7°o

15.700

15*800

15*00

16.000

16.000 16,400 15*500

15.800 15*800 15*800 15-800

16.000

16.000

16.000

16.000

16.000 15,900 16,100

16.000

16.000 15*800 15*500

15.800

15.800

15.800

321,470 17 6 764,000

Cash paid.

£. 3. dm

*4»59* 17 6

14,588 10 —

14-364 10 —

4<7'3 15 —

14,664 2 6

>4.745 l7 5

>4,483 7 6

14.633 15 —

14,644 17 6

14,651 5 —

14,567 15 —

14,5*5 — —

14,5l8 2 6

14,629 — —

14,694 15 —

14.609 17 6

14,50a 17 6

i4,487 —

H,5i5 — —

H,5i5 7 <3

14.45* 10 —

*4,694 — — -

*4,554 5 —

14,502 17 6

*4,6*5 —

*4,476 *5 —

14,614 *7 6

*4,627 10 —

15,040 15 —

14,279 7 6

14,536 — —

H,52o — —

*4*555 15 —

*4,496 10 —

14,661 5 —

*4>5*3 15 —

*4,576 12 6

*459* 10 —

14,600 .

14,508 *7 6

14.691 5 — -

14,640 — .

*4,6d5 — —

14,663 *5 —

14,378 l7 6

14,536 —

14,659 »7 6

14.623 12 6

699,923 ! 2 5

*5

o

w

o

to

M

St

Si

— t

g

cq'

r — h

N'

CD

Q.

cr

Dr. j Old S. Sea 3 per Cent. New South Sea 3 per Cent. South Sea 175 1, 3 per Cent. Consolidated 3 per Cent. Reduced 3 per Cent. C\

179-2. 2.5th Quarter. Cash received. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital in all the Cash paid.

Stocks.

£. s. d. 1 -

Inly 12. To Quarterly Issue - 250,000 — —

QO and 96 Ann* Yr. 13,720 3 7

13. Divd N. S. S. on \ 18,600 —

1,240,000l. -J D°2*75l> on 380^000^ 5,700 £. £. *. d. £. £.s. d. £. £. s. d. £. £. *. d. £. £. s. d. £. £.*, A.

D° Consol. 3,140,000l. 47,100 92 i 7J5i 7 6 7,700 7,800

Aug. 2- 0. By Stock bought ... _ ... ... - ... - - . - ... 7,800 9* i 7,166 5 — 7,700 7»i5i 7 -® 7,166 5 —

j 7. Ditto - - ... - - . 4,000 - 3,660 ... - 3,800 £>‘t 3,481 15 — - - - . 7,800 7,141 15 —

8. Dito - 7,700 921 7,112 17 6 7,800 7,176 7,700 7,112 17 6

9. Ditto - 7,112 17 6 92 - - - 7,800 7,176

10. Ditto - ... 7,700 921 91 £ 7,700 7,112 17 6

14. Ditto - ... - - - 5,70° 5,215 IO — - ~ ... ... ~ 2,000 924 1,84710 — 7,700 7,063

15. Ditto --- 4,000 92 i 3,685 — 3,700 924 3,41315 — 7,700 7,098 5 —

16. Ditto ... 7*700 924 7,112 17 6 7,700 7,112 17 6

17. 21, Ditto - - 1,000 92 T 921 5 — 9i 1 1,830 .6,700 924 0,189 2 6 7,700 7,110 7 6

Ditto - ... ... - 2,000 1,830 2,000 - ... - ... 3,800 92 j 3*510 5 — 7,800 7, H9

22. Ditto - - 3,000 9«l 2,74815 — 8,000 4,800 9144 4,400 5 — 7,800 7, H9

Ditto go 7,200 - - - 8,000 7,200

(j 28. 20. Ditto -Ditto 4,000 9° i 3,610 5,000 . 1,000 891 89 4 4>493 15 — 896 5 — 3,000 3>oooo 9° i 9041 2,715 2,708 15 — 00 oc c 0 0 0 0 0 7,208 15 — 7,215

30-31* Sep. 4. Ditto -Ditto - 1,500 89 i 1,338 15 — 89 f 891 8,000 5,100 88J 88 H 89 § 9( 7,110 4,521 1,400 89 £ _ 1/253 8>oooo 8,000 7,110 7,113

By Stock bought Ditto - 1,000 898 15 — 4,000 3,595 — — 3,000 2,700 - - - - 8,000 7,193 15 —

5. . - 2,000 90 i 1,817 IO — 6,000 90 f 90 \ 5,422 10 - 8,000 7,240

6. Ditto - 7)9°° 7>*59 7 6 - - - - 7,900 7,i59 7 6

7* 11. Ditto -Ditto - ... 2,550 9i I 2,339 12 6 5>4°° 7,800 91 , 9°, 4>9M 7,029 15 — ... ... 7*950 7,800 7,253 12 6 7,029 15 —

12. 7,800 9«>t 7,029 15 - 7,800 7,029 15 —

13- 14. Ditto -Ditto - 7.800 7.800 go 4 9° 4 7,039 10 — 7>°49 5 " ... ... 7.800 7.800 7,039 10 — 7,049 5 —

18. Ditto ... 7,800 90 i 7,039 10 — 7,800 7,800 7,039 10 —

19. Ditto - 90 i 7.059 - 7,800 7,059

20. Ditto ... 5,000 90 4,500 - - - - . 2,900 90 -J- 2,613 12 6 . 7,900 7, H3 12 6

25. Ditto - 2,000 901 1,807 IO - - - . 5,900 9°k 5.339 10 — . - - - 7,900 7,147

26. Ditto ... 904 7>9°° 90 i , 7,139 12 6 - - - - 7>9oo 7,139 12 6

27. 28. Ditto - 3,000 90 i 2,707 I® — 1.900 i»7'4 15 — 3,000 90 J 2,7u 5 — ... - - 7,900 7,133 10 —

Ditto - 9°h 7>9°o 9° 4 9° 4 7,119 17 6 - - - - 7,900 7, H9 17 6

Oct. 2. By Stock bought 4,000 90£ 3,620 1,000 905 2,900 2,62s 2 6 ... - 7,900 7,153 2 6

3, Ditto ... 7>9°o 90 i 7,149 10 - 7,900 7,149 10 —

4. Ditto - 7>9o 91 7.189 ... - 7,900 7,189

T 5. Ditto 7,900 9° Hi 7,163 ... - 7,900 7,163

q. Ditto - 7>9oo 904 7,129 15 — - - . - 7,900 7,129 15 —

10. Ditto - 7>9o° 894 891 7,060 12 6 - . 7,900 7,060 12 6

11. Ditto - 2,000 «9 i 1,787 10 — ... - - 6,000 5,370 - - 8,000 7,157 10 —

12. Ditto - 5,000 894 4,475 3,000 88 i 2,658 15 — 8,000 7,133 15 —

16. Ditto - 55 894 49 8 7 S,oooo 894 7,140 8,055 7,189 8 7

17. Ditto - . 5,000 891 4,468 15 — 2,900 89$ 2,595 «o - 7*900 7,064 5 —

19. Ditto - ... 2,400 89 f 2,151 4-963 15 — 8 9i 4*936 5 — 7,900 7,087 5 —

23. Ditto - ... . . - - - 5.500 90? ... " - 2,400 89j 2,151 7>9oo 7, H4 15 —

24. Ditto - ... - ... - . - - - . 7,000 904 6-343 15 — 900 89 i 808 17 6 7*900 7,152 12 6

T 30. QO 1,800 90 4. i 4,466 2 6 5,900 89 14 5,269 10 — 7,9oo. 7,06t) IO

3l« By Stock bought 4.950 3,000 89 il 2,681 5 — 7,950 7, H7 7 6

Total 25th Quarter - 335A20 3 7 40,850 - " 37,306 7 6 38,500 . - 34,866 5 — 14,400 - - 13,008 IO 200,805 - - 181,396 11 1 75,4°° - - 68,542 10 — 369.955 335,120 3 7

— V " — i

QD

V — *

00

m

- 13.008

g

eg'

f — H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg.

FT

*9-

To Quarterly Issue 99 & 96 Ann*

1777 Ann* -Old S.S. Divid Reduced D"*

By Stock bought Ditto -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -By Stock bought Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -Ditto - -

Ditto - -Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -

Ditto - -By Stock bought Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -

Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -

Ditto -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -Ditto - -

£. s. d.

250,000 ——

13,720 3 7

12,500 ——

24,900 ——

44,100 ——

Total 26 Quarter

25 " ' " 24 - - -3 - - "

345,220 3 7

335,120 3 7

699*923 2 5

379,011 ——

Total 7th Year £. D759*274 9 7

4,000

1,000

1,500

2,000

6 2.700

40,850

124,800

89,950

318,300

78 i

76 i

£. s. d.

3,090 — —

785 ——

52,106 17 6

37,306. 7 6

114,384 7 6

85o71 2 6

7.400

5.400

8.400

5,4°°

5>oooo

7,400

11,400

65,000

38.500

67.500 138,600

289,368 15 — 309,600

90 i

m

90 i 89 J

75 i

74

£. j. d.

6,6 78 10 —

4,873 10 — 7,528 10 —

4-245 15 —

3,787 10 —

5,614 15 —

8,436 ——

53*5H 7 6 34,866 5 —

62,154 2 5

131,987 18 9

282,322 13 8

3,000

2,400

1,000

24,600

14,400

6,500

40,500

86,000

90 i

82

75 i

s. d.

2,707 10 —

1,968 ——

758 15 -

7,095

5,600

6,300

20,760 15 -13,008 10 -6,002 10 — 38,452 2 6

11.000 5,000 2,700

11.200

11.000

10.800

10.800 10,900

11.200 11,300

9,900

143*195

200,805

216,400

54.X00

78,223 17 6 615,200

80 H

79 i

76

751

£ ' s. d.

2,078 12 6

1,810 ——

1,084. 1 o —

905 ——

898 15 r-

4*462 10 — 4»35 17 6

881 5 —

5,693 17 ,

4,425 10 — 4,788 ——

8,332 10 —

3*793 15 — 2,052 — — 8,512 — — 8,580 — _ 8,4°; 15 —

8,348 -

8,324 17 6 8,461 5 ~ 8,432 12 6

7,499 5 —

112,077 17 1

181,396 11 1

195,9H 5 —

52,759 5 —

C„piul. Price.

4,800 89 i

2,000

700

4,000 82 *

n

Sums paid.

£- s. d.

4*302 ——

1,742 10 611 12

3,285 —

8 X

791

78* 77*7»i 78*

542,144 18 2

1,100 76

134.800

75,40

348.800

74,550

841 7 6

106,760 6 6 68,542 10 — 321,470.17 6

70,240 11 3

.Capital m all the

Stocks.

- 567,014 5 3 1,962,650 1,759,274 9 7

£S

Tot At Cash paid. Q

£. £* 8. d.

9,300 8,343 12 6

9,400 8,488 IO

9,400 8,429 lO _

9»4°o 8,486 .

9*400 8,427 5 _

9,400 8,351 -

9,600 8,414 5

9,600 8,385 12 6

9»7°o 8*439 _ „

10,100 8,287 — .

10,300 8*539 — __

10,000 8,425 — ~

10,100 8,332 10

io*495 8,392 12 1

11,000 8,671 5 —

11,300 8,575 10 H — »>

11,000 8,480 — — to

10,400 8,40115 — 0

10,300 8,368 15

11,000 8,470 .

10,600 8,333 —

10,600 8,215 .

10,600 8,284 10 ft

10,800 8,424 — —

10,700 8,521 7 6 I

10,720 8,482 4 .

10,780 8,419 7 6

10,800 8,425 5 —

10,800 8,430 —

11,000 8,332 10 —

11,000 8,376 5 —

11,100 8,425 10 —

11,200 8,512 —

11,000 8,580 — - —

10,800 8,407 15 — .

10,800 8,348 —

10,900 8,324 17 6

11,200 8,461 5 —

11,300 8,432 12 6

11,400 8,436 — —

11,000 8,34° 12 6

430.295 345.220 3 7

369,955 335,120 3 7

764,000 699,923 2 5

598,400 379,011 —

CO

An ACCOUNT of the Officers appointed by the Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt, and of the Annual Allowances settled by the Commissioners of the Treasury, for their Service, Pains, and Labour, in performing the Trust severally reposed in them.

Secretary 500

Agent - - - - 200

Broker 400

Clerk - 80

: ' Messenger - - 50

An ACCOUNT of Incidental Charges:

o

Stationary, and Contingent Charges

£ 30 ——

00

o

An ACCOUNT of Expired Terms and Annuities.

£. s. d.

Expired - 6,954 § —

Unclaimed - - - - 25,033 9 —

1777 - 25,000

99 and 96 36,486 12 7

ACCRUING INTEREST:

On 10,242,100l. Capital

£ 307,263 ——

Henry Addington. W. Pitt.

R. P. Arden.

T. Walker.

Gods. Thornton.

12° Februarii. A. 1793.

S3 Geo. III.

12° Februarii.

181'

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Setting forth, That an Act whs passed in the Twenty-' Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the Trade and Stowmarlcet Sir Charks Buniury presented to the House, accord- " Business of Pawnbrokers," which was to continue in tad Ipswich ing to Order, a Bill for effectually carrying into exe- Force for One Year, and from thence to the End of

ST cution an Act of Parliament, of the Thirtieth Year of -L‘ ° J :J *-

ceoted. His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

the then next Session of Parliament, and the said Act was, by another Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, continued for the Space of One Year, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that the several Regulations established by the first-mentioned Act have teen found beneficial to the Public, and the Petitioners conceive that it would conduce to the Public Good, if the said Act was continued for a further

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House onl-and Tax to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a limited Time: And therefore praying, That Leave may Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser- be given to bring in a Bill for the Continuation of the vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and '1 ‘ ' *' 1 ‘ r 1 r '' :* J

Ninety-three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1791, out of the Supplies granted for the Year

17P.S-

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

said First above-mentioned Act for such further limited Time as may be judged expedient, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Watson and Mr. Alderman Curtis do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill to pro-Reading of the Bill to provide for the Families of Per- vide for the sons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of " Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that " Part of Great Britain called ," be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed* .

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

« Malt Bill. {0 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- Account of Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven count of the Sums advanced by the Paymaster General Advances for hundred and Ninety-three, be now read. of His Majesty's Forces, on Account of the Troops *

And the said Order being read accordingly; raised for, and serving in, the East Indies; during the to be printed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- last Four Years, to the 24th of December 1792, be

mittee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Mem-Credit. bers of the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to A Petition of the Commissioners, whose Names are Petition direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th thereunto subscribed, appointed by the several Acts of ®§ainst the Day of March 1793, of the Incomes of the Duties on Parliament made for improving and completing the and UBrent-

~ ‘ Navigation of the Rivers Thames and from the ford Canal

Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the Bill. County of Middlesex, to the Town of in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Brauns ton, in the County of Northamp ton, to join the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended

Malt granted for the Year 1791, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1793.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hcni'y Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Canal; and setting forth, That the Petitioners have,

Pawnbrokers

Petition.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Pawnbrokers, on Behalf of themselves and others exercisingtbat Business, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; Vol. 48.

in pursuance of the several Acts of Parliament for improving the Navigation of the said Rivers Thames and Isis, laid out a considerable Sum of Money in the Improvement and Amendment of the Navigation of the said Rivers, and conceive that, if the Bill for making the said Navigable Canal is passed into a Law, and the said Canal made, it will be injurious to the Navigation of the said Rivers Thames and Isis, by taking into the said Canal several Springs of Water, that for Time immemorial have flowed, and now flow, into 3 A the

Motion for Copy of Treaty, &c. with the Emperor, and Prussia, withdrawn.

King s Message respecting the De^ duration of War by France, considered*

182 12° Febr' A. 1793.

the said Rivers, tod, in short Water Times especially, greatly assisted its Navigation: And therefore praying, That there may be inserted in the said Bill sufficient Clauses to prevent the Proprietors or Undertakers of the said Canal from taking the Water in low Water Times from the said Springs, or by any Means diverting the same from flowing into the said Rivers as it usually hath done, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Part of the said Bill as may affect them, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet; and that in Default of such sufficient Clauses being inserted in the said Bill, that the Petitioners have Leave to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of any Treaty, or Agreement,' between His Majesty, the Emperor of Germany, and the King of , or either

of those Powers, entered into in January last.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Yesterday.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Message, informing us, That the Assembly, now exercising the Powers of Government in France, have, without previous Notice, directed Acts of Hostility to be committed against the Persons and Property of His Majesty's Subjects, in Breach of the Law of Nations and of the most positive Stipulations of Treaty; and have since, on the most groundless Pretences, actually declared War against His Majesty and The United Provinces: To assure His Majesty that, under the Circumstances of this wanton and unprovoked Aggression, we most gratefully acknowledge His Majesty's Care and Vigilance in taking the necessary Steps for maintaining the Honour of His Crown, and vindicating the Rights of His People: That His Majesty may rely on the firm and effectual Support of the Representatives of a brave and loyal People, in the Prosecution of a just and necessary War; and in endeavouring, under the Blessing of Providence, to oppose an effectual Barrier to the further Progress of a System, which strikes at the Security and Peace of all independent Nations, and is pursued in Defiance of every Principle of Moderation, Good Faith, Humanity, and Justice:

That, in a Cause of such general Concern, it must afford us great Satisfaction to learn, that His Majesty has every Reason to hope for the cordial Co-operation of those Powers, who are united with His Majesty by the Ties of Alliance, or who feel an Interest in preventing the Extension of Anarchy and Confusion, and in contributing to the Security and Tranquillity of Europe:

That we are persuaded, that whatever His Majesty's faithful Subjects must consider as most dear and sacred, the Stability of our happy Constitution, the Security and Honour of His Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of our Laws, our Liberty, and our Religion, are all involved in the Issue of the present Contest; and that our Zeal and Exertions shall be proportioned to the Importance of the Conjuncture, and to the Magnitude and Value of the Objects for which we have to contend.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the Words " His most " Gracious Message" to the End of the Question, in order to insert these Words: — "That we learn with the " utmost Concern, that the Assembly who now exercise " the Powers of Government in France have directed " the Commission of Acts of Hostility against the Per*

" sons and Property of His Majesty's Subjects, and " that they have actually declared War against His Majesty and The United ProvincesThat we humbly " beg Leave to assure His Majesty, that His Majesty's " faithful Commons will exert themselves with the " utmost Zeal for the Maintenance of the Honour of " His Majesty's Crown, and the Vindication of the " Rights of His People; and that nothing shall be " wanting on their Part that can contribute to that '

" firm and effectual Support which His Majesty has " so much Reason to expect from a brave and loyal " People, in repelling every Hostile Attempt against " this Country, and in such other Exertions as may " be necessary to induce France to consent to such " Terms of Pacification as may be consistent with the " Honour of His Majesty's Crown, the Security of His " Allies, and the Interest of His People," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words pro* posed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Resolution His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of f®r Address this House for His most Gracious Message, inform- jJesww* ing us, That the Assembly, now exercising the Powers of Government in France, have, without previous Notice, directed Acts of Hostility to be committed against the Persons and Property of His Majesty's Subjects, in Breach of the Law of Nations, and of the most positive Stipulations of Treaty; and have since, on the most groundless Pretences, actually declared War against His Majesty and The United Provinces: To assure His Majesty that, under the Circumstances of this wanton and unprovoked Aggression, we most gratefully acknowledge His Majesty's Care and Vigilance in taking the necessary Steps for maintaining the Honour of His Crown, and vindicating the Rights of His People: That His Majesty may rely on the firm and effectual Support of the Representatives of a brave and loyal People, in the Prosecution of a just and necessary War; and in endeavouring, under the Blessing of Providence, to oppose an effectual Barrier to the further Progress of a System which strikes at the Security and Peace of all independent Nations, and is pursued in open Defiance of every Principle of Moderation, Good Faith, Humanity, and Justice:

That, in a Cause of such general Concern, it must afford us great Satisfaction to learn, that His Majesty has every Reason to hope for the cordial Co-operation of those Powers, who are united with His Majesty by the Ties of Alliance, or who feel an Interest in preventing the Extension of Anarchy and Confusion, and in contributing to the Security and Tranquillity of Europe:

That we are persuaded, that whatever His Majesty's faithful Subjects must consider as most dear and sacred, the Stability of our happy Constitution, the Security and Honour of His Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of our Laws, our Liberty, and our Religion, are all involved in the Issue of the present Contest; and that our Zeal and Exertions shall be proportioned to the Importance of the Conjuncture, and to the Magnitude and Value of the Objects for which we have to contend.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw Committee up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the to

said Resolution. Adless.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor 12 of

33 Geo. III.

12" — 13

of the Exchequer, Mr. Powys, Mr* Secretary Dundas, Mr. Ryder, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Burke, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Windham, the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Thomas Grenville, Sir George Howard, Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Attorney General, Captain Berkeley, Mr. Rose; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker's Chamber.

King'sMes- Ordered, That His Majesty's most Gracious Message

age referred, of Yesterday be referred to the said Committee.

Address re- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the ported and Committee, appointed to draw up an Address to be agreed to presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful arid loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty our most humble Thanks for Your Majesty's most Gracious Message, informing us, That the Assembly, now exercising the Powers of Government in France, have, without previous Notice, directed Acts of Hostility to be committed against the Persons and Property of Your Majesty's Subjects, in Breach of the Law of Nations, and of the most positive Stipulations of Treaty; and have since, on the most groundless Pretences, actually declared War against Your Majesty and The United Provinces.

Under the Circumstances of this wanton and unprovoked Aggression, we gratefully acknowledge Your Majesty's Care and Vigilance in taking the necessary Steps for maintaining the Honour of Your Crown, and vindicating the Rights of Your People: Your Majesty may rely on the firm and effectual Support of the Representatives of a brave and loyal People, in the Prosecution of a just and necessary War; and in endeavouring, under the Blessing of Providence, to oppose an effectual Barrier to the further Progress of a System, which strikes at the Security and Peace of all independent Nations, and is pursued in Defiance of every Principle of Moderation, Good Faith, Humanity, and Justice.

In a Cause of such general Concern, it affords us great Satisfaction to learn, that Your Majesty has every Reason to hope for the cordial Co-operation of those Powers, who are united with Your Majesty by the Ties of Alliance, or who feel an Interest in preventing the Extension of Anarchy and Confusion, and in contributing to the Security and Tranquillity of Europe.

We are persuaded, that whatever Your Majesty's faithful Subjects consider as most dear and sacred, the Stability of our happy Constitution, the Security and Honour of Your Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of our Laws, our Liberty, and our Religion, are all involved in the Issue of the present Contest; and our Zeal and Exertion shall be proportioned to the Importance of the Conjuncture, and to the Magnitude and Value of the Objects for which we have to contend.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House dotli agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House. %

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do Vol. 48.

Februarii. 183

humbly know His Majesty's Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

The other Order of the Day being read J Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Mutiny BiH ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole deferred. Housej upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House, having eontihued to sit till near Two of the Clock on Wednesday Morning* adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

- ----- - — ----- r. -a: — - - ----- -X----

Mercurii, 13° die Februarii;

Anno 33° Georgii III*" Regis, 1793.

Praters.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Newcastle Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under Lyne, for executing two Acts of Parliament, passed in the &.c*

Fifth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present s eU Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, to Hassop, in the County of Derby, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road, near Buxton, and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge, to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the said County of Stafford, was presented to the Plouse, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress has been made in amending the said Roads, and a considerable Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the said Acts, which cannot be discharged, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Pow ers thereof altered and enlarged:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Smith, See. i And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Citizens, Clergy, Mer- Petitions in chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and other Inhabit favour of tants of the City of Litchfield, whose Names are there- Br?u,l,ston

and Brent-

unto subscribed: And also, ford CaiJUj

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty Bill, of the City of Coventry: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the City of Coventry: And also,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, of the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop: And also,

A Petition of the Commissioners acting for the Western Division of the River Nine, or Nen: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and other Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Higham Ferrers, in the County of Northampton:

And also,

A Petition

13° Febniarti.

A: 1793.

Petitions in favour of Brauuston and Brent-ford /Canal Bill-

A Petition of the Farmers, Maltsters, Tradesmen, same should be re-built from, its Foundation; and and other Inhabitants of the Town of Aylesbury, in the that the Inside of the said Church is also very , much County of Buckingham: And also, out of Repair, especially the Pews and Gallery there-

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- of, which are so much decayed, that it is proper they chants, Tradesmen, Manufacture^ and others, Inha- should be wholly made new; and that it will require

bitants of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford:

And also,

A Petition of the several Potters, Merchants, Manufacturers, and Traders, at Etruria,

Burslem, and the Places adjacent, in the County of

a very considerable Sum of Money to defray the Charges and Expences of taking down and re-building the said Tower, and of repairing and new Pewing the said Church: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid,

Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House

also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Stafford, in the County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inha-

shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said . Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of bitants of the Town of Leicester, in the County of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power

Leicester: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of Newcastle-under-Lyne, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, Owners or Occu-

to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Worcester execution certain Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth ""d Droit-Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Twelfth Year 'hlt°ads of the Reign of King George the First, the Twenty- e 1 on‘

piers of Collieries, within the County of Warwick, and second Year of the Reign of King George the Second,' the County of the City of Coventry, whose Names are and the Eighth Year of the lteign of His present thereunto subscribed: And also, Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- Worcester to the Borough of Droitwich, and several chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inha- other Roads in the County of Worcester, was presented

bitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Wat*wick: And also,

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, and is now due, upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected on the said Roads, which hath been laid out towards carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into execution; and representing to the House, that, inconsequence of making the Droitwich Canal, the Tolls

of the Borough of Saint Albans, in the County of Herl- authorized to be collected by virtue of the said AcW

ford: And also, have been so much diminished as not to produce a

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- sufficient Sum to amend and repair the Whole of the chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and other Inha- said Roads, and therefore the Petitioners have not laid bitants of the Town of Saint Albans, in the County of out any Money upon certain Branches thereof herein-Hertford, and its Vicinity: And also, after described (which are Part of several additional

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- Roads put under their Care by the said Act of the chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inha- Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty)'

bitants of the Town of Nottingham, in the County of Nottingham: And also,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Leicester Navigation: And also,

that is to say, the Road leading from Bridge to Low Hill, and from a Place, called The Cross of the Hands, near Goodness Farm, in the Parish of to a Place, called The Spout, in or near the* A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- Parish of and from the Road between Hampton

chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inha- Lane and Low Hill to Mustard Green, and also the bitants of the Town of Uxbridge, in the County of Road called Doverdale Lane, leading from Hampton Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; Lane into the Bewdley Turnpike Road, between Oni-Were severally presented to the House, and read; bersley and The Mitre Oak, and as the Petitioners have no Taking Notice of the Bill for making and Prospect of collecting a sufficient Sum of Money to maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Ox- enable them to repair the Whole of the Roads under ford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the their Care, they are desirous of being discharged from County of Northampton, to join the River the Management of the several Branches of Road before. Thames at New Brentford, in the County of described, for the future; and that, by an Act, passed Middlesex, and also for making and maintain- for amending and repairing certain Roads in and near ing certain Collateral Cuts from the said in- the Borough of Kidderminster, in the said County, tended Canal: And praying, That the said Bill the said Act of the Eighth of His present Majesty, may pass into a Law. so far as the same related to the Repair of the Road

And the said Petitions were severally ordered from The Cross of the Hands, near Goodness Farm, in

to lie upon the Table.

Ilanbury A Petition of William Burslem, Clerk, Rector of the Church Peti- Parish Church of Hanbury, in the County of ‘ion- Clement Lucas and William Parkes, Churchwardens of the said Parish, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, or interested in the Seats or Pews in the said Church, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Tow er of the Parish Church of Hanbury aforesaid, having become exceedingly ruinous, has, in Part, been taken down for the Safety of tire Inhabitants attending. Divine Service, and it is necessary' that the

the Parish of Hartlebury, to a Place, called The Spout, in or near the Parish of Hagley, was repealed; and further representing to the House, that the Remainder of the Roads comprized in the said Acts cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, and the Money due as aforesaid be repaid, unless the Terms of the said Acts are continued, and some further and other Powers given; and, the Petitioners apprehend, that the several Provisions necessary for the Purposes aforesaid would be better understood, and more easily executed, if the same were contained in One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

continuing

tf!ter

Dr®.

JOO,

Road Petition.

Doostew Inclosure Petition.

33 Geo. III.

13° Februa

185

continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the John, in the Parish of in the County of

Powers, of the said Acts, for such Time, ana in such Oxford, on Behalf of himself and the several other Manner as the House shall think proper. ' Proprietors of Lands, in the Precincts of Little Bar-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ford, otherwise Barford Saint John, aforesaid, was pre-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That

amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Specoham-land and

A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying into execution an Act of Parliament, of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

there are, within the stud Precincts, certain Open Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave " An Act to continue the Term, and to vary and en- may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing,

"large the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Twelfth and allotting the said Open Fields, Wastes, and Common " Year of the Reign of King George the First, and the Ground, in such Manner, and under such Regulations,

" Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for as to the House shall seem meet.

" repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

" County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that " Wilts, and for repairing several other Roads therein Mr. Page, Sir William Dolben, and the Marquis of " mentioned," was presented to the House, and read; Blanetford do prepare, and bring in, the same. Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in

the execution of the said Act, and have borrowed se- A Petition of the several Proprietors and Owners Stoke Lyne veral Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls of Lands within the Precincts of Stoke Lyne and Few- and Fewcmt thereby granted, great Part of which still remains due, cott, in the Parish of Stoke Lyne, in the County of p" sounre and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was amended and kept in repair, unless the Term of the presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That said Act be enlarged, and further and other Powers there are, within the said Precincts, certain Open Fields, given for those purposes, and some of the Tolls thereby Wastes, and Common Ground, which, in their present granted increased: And therefore praying, That Leave Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improve-may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the ment; and that it would tend to the Advantage of

~ the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said

Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing', and allotting the said Open Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground,

Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Hartley, &c.: in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine House shall seem meet

of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Henry Watkin JJashwood, Baronet,

Lord of the Manor of Dunstew, and Owner of great Part of the Lands within the Parish and Precincts of The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the Petition from Dunstew aforesaid, in the County of Oxford, on Behalf City of London attended at the Door; they were called £°rd Mayor,

~ in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House; don,°respect-

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and ing the Duty-Commons of the City of London, in Common Council on Coals, assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Page, Sir William Dolben, and the Marquis of Bland ford, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

of himself, and the several other Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the said Parish and Precincts of Dunstew aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor,

Parish, and Precincts, certain Open Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, which in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement; That, by the Act of the Ninth of Anne, Cap.~22, and and that it would tend to the Advantage of the Pro- several subsequent Acts, a local Duty of Three Shil-prietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Fields, lings per Chaldron, or Ton, was imposed' upon all

Wastes, and Common Ground, to have the same divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Proprietors and Persons interested, according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Open Fields, Wastes, and Common Ground, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Page, Sir William Dolben, and the Marquis of Bland ford, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sorts of Coals and Culm imported and brought Coastwise into the Port of London, or the River Thames, within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River, and was appropriated for the building certain Churches in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, and for other Purposes enumerated in the said Acts, and there is no Charge, Claim, or Incumbrance on the said Duty, other than an Annuity to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, granted in Consideration of their having advanced the Sum of £. 1,750,000 for the Purpose of discharging certain Sums of Money which had been raised, from Time to Time, upon the said Duty; and that, besides

the said local Duty of Three Shillings, there were A Petition of Sir Henpy Wat kin Dashtyood, Baronet, other local Duties laid on the said Commodities by Proprietor of the greatest Part of the Lapds within the Operation of Overcharges in the National Imposts we Petition, the Precincts of Little Barford, otherwise Barf ord Saint 1779 and 1782, the Officers, in computing those Vot. 48. 3 B Branches,

Little Barford Inclo-

186 13° Februarii. . 1793.

Branches, having taken Five per Cent, of all the preceding Branches indiscriminately, although One of them was the aforesaid local Duty of Three Shillings, and the Consolidation Act, of the Twenty-seventh of His present Majesty, having added Eight-twentieths of a Penny to the Total Duty on Coals, in order to reuse the Fraction to an Integer, and it appears, by Computations now made, that the Surplus arising from the said local Duties, after paying the Annuity to the Bank of England, is more than sufficient for paying off the whole of the said Debt of £. 1,750,000; and that by the Act of the Thirteenth of George the First, Cap. 21, it was provided, that so soon as the whole Debt and Interest should be paid, the Duty should be understood to be redeemed, and by the Act of the First of George the Second, Stat. 2. Cap. 8, it was enacted, That, on Payments being made to the Bank, not less than £. 500,000 each, the Annuity should be proportionably reduced; and therefore submitting the Premises to the Consideration of the House, in Hopes that the said local Duties may be repealed, or that such other Relief may be granted, to the Petitioners in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ttlytiling Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to Poor Petition wjj0m the Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within reports . the Hundred of Bly thing, in the County of Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clark's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said. Petition, an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Hundred of Blything, in the County of Sussex, was read: And,

Mr. Peter Jermyn, junior, being examined, said, That in pursuance of the said Act, a House for the Poor, within the said Hundred, and other Buildings, have been erected at a very great Expence, and a great Number of Poor Persons have been received and maintained in the said House agreeable to the said. Act, but that the said Act is, in some Respects, defective, and ineffectual for the Purposes intended; and it would be of much Public Utility to grant some further Powers and Provisions 1 for the better Management and Employment of the Poor ofi the said Hundred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the " better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the

Hundred of Blything, in the County of Suffolk" and for granting some further Powers and Provisions for carrying the same more effectually into execution: And that Sir John Rous and Sir Charles Bunbury do prepare, and bring in, the same.

London MV. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee,

Sewers, and to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, Petition r^" Commons of the City of London, in Common ported. Council assembled, was referred; That1 the Committee had examined* and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had' been complied1 with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition* and had directed him to report the same, as H appeared to them* to- the Bouse; and he read the Report in his Place1; and afterwards deliL vered it in at the Cleric's Table: Where the same1 was' read; and: is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said\ Petition,. art

Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers within the City of London, and for paving, demising, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, and other Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same, was read: And,

Henry Hall, Esquire, Principal Clerk to the Cons' missioners acting under the said Act, being examined, said, That the rowers granted by the said Act have been found defective, and are insufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ' explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for consolidating, extending and rendering more effectual, the Powers " granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making,

" enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults,

" Drains, and Sewers within the City of London and " Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and " lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts,

" Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and " removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the " same: " And that Mr. Alderman Watson, Sir W Lewes, and Mr. Alderman Curtis, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Com- Common mittee, to whom the Petition of the Common Brewers Brewer* Pe-of the City of London and Parts adjacent, whose Names tion reported, are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined. the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it ill at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read; whereby it is enacted, " That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, the several Rates and' Duties then payable for Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such* Duties, commonly called Table Beer, which should at any Time or Times be brewed by the Common Brewer in England and Wales, should cease and determine, and be no longer paid and payable; and m lieu and in stead thereof, there should thenceforth be raised, levied, collected, and paid1 throughout England and Wales, for every Barrel of Beer or Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings, exclusive of such Duties, commonly called Table Beer, brewed by the Common Brewer, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, the Sum of Three Shillings, to be paid by such Common Brewer: " And,

Mr. John Cohhtm being examined; said1, That he is a Malt Factor; that he has from his own Books made up an-Account of die Average Price of the best Ware Malt, for Eleven Years since the passing of the saidl Act in 1782 to 1792 inclusive; and that the Average Price of such Malt1 has increased more than the Ave* rage Price of the Eleven Years next preceding the passing1 of the said Act, tb the Amount of Eight Shillings and1 Three Penceper Quarter.

Mr. WUHOm Pbrrtr being then examined1, said, That 8 he

Basingstoke

XsngdUoo

PaitioD,

33 Geo. III.

13® Februarii.

18T

he is a Malt Maker, and fives at Kingston upon Thames] That Leave may be given to bring In a Bill to autho-

that be has from his own Books made up an Account of the Average Price of the Kingston Malt for the above Periods* which has increased to die Amount of Seven Shillings and One Penny per Quarter.

Mr. John Charrmgton being examined, said, That lie is a Brewer; and that he has from his Books made

me the Petitioners to raise such further Sum of Money, for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think necessary and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as

up an Account of the Average Price of the Kingston it shall appear to them, to the House: and Hertfordshire Malts for the above Periods; and And it is referred to Sir William Heathcote, Mr. finds that the Average Price has increased Seven Shil- Chute, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Hags and Five Pence per Quarter to the Consumer. Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Mr. Thomas Damson*being examined, said. That be Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, is a Hop Merchant; that he has from his Books made and Records.

up an Account of the Average Price of Hops for the above Periods, and finds that the Average Price has increased one Pound Three Shillings and Sixpence per Hundred Weight

The Earl of Cmrtomt reported to the House, That The King His Majesty, haring been waited upon (pursuant to appoints to be the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Ma- ^^Houses

Mr. Thomas Grading, Cooper, being examined, said, jesty's Pleasure when He would be pleased to be at- That a Cask containing a Barrel, with Sfx Iron Hoops, tended by this House, bad been pleased to appoint to which in 1772 and 1773, were sold for 12 s.cannot ' " ' ' now be sold under 14 a. or 15 s.;and that the Cost of other Casks are increased in such Proportions, as to make the increased Average Price about Twenty-five per Cent.

be attended Tomorrow, at Three of the Clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

Mr. Cocks presented to the House, according to Ledbury Order, a Bril for enlarging the Term, and altering the Road* Blll

Mr. Charrington being further examined, said, That Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year I'resented*

the Price of Horses has increased within the aforesaid Periods more than One Third; the Price of Hay nearly 20 per Cent] the Price of Oats nearly 18 per Cent; the Price of Coals (supposing them at a Peace Price) about 15per Cent] and the price of Labour near 25 per Cent.

That the Price of n*. per Barrel for Table Beer, exclusive of the Duty, is become inadequate to support the Expences, and stand against the common Contingencies of Trade, so as to yield a reasonable Profit to the Brewer; and that they are deterred from

of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for more effectually, re*

" pairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the " County of Hereford, and the Road through the " Parish of Bromesberraw, in the County of Glou-

" cester, and Corse Loam, till it joins the Road from " Gloucester to Worcester-" Ana the same was re- ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, aeeord- Wiss's and

making Beer of an inferior Quality, so as tb produce a ing to Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Anthony Whs Charretie'a reasonable Jh-ofit to them, for Fear of having the same T J‘ Nat-8,11

returned upon their Hands, as is the usual Custom of the Trade when the Beer is not good, which Returns occasion almost a total Loss; and that many of his Customers are desirous of having their Beer of a better Quality, for which they would readily pay a greater Price.

and John Isaac Ckarretie: And the same was received; Nat' and read the First Time. presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of Bedford Cha-Bedford, and also of several of the Trustees for put- rity Petition, ting in execution an Act, passed in the Fourth Year

Mr. Daniel Rolfe Munn, a Brewer, being examined, of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging confirmed the last above Evidence of Mr. Charring- the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

ton.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

Basingstoke Canal Navigation, was presented to the That the Trustees appointed by the said Act have pro-House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made ceeded to carry the same into execution, but, for the in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present better governing, managing, regulating, and applying Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making a Navigable of the said Charity, and the Estates belonging thereto, " Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County it is necessary to alter and amend the said Act; " of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, and that the Revenues arising from the said Estates " in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, will be much increased in a short Space of Time, " and to the South East Side of the Turnpike Road wherefore it will be proper and expedient to extend " in the Parish of Turgiss, in the said County of and enlarge the Uses and Purposes to which the InSouthampton," the Petitioners were authorized and come of the said Estates is, by the said Act, directed to empowered to raise, by Contribution amongst them- be applied: And therefore praying, That Leave may selves, the Sum of £. 126,000 to defray the Expences be given to bring in a Bill to alter, amend, and ex-of carrying the Purposes of the said Act into execu- tend, the said Act, in such Manner, and under such

‘ Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

tion, and the Sum which the Petitioners have raised and laid out by virtue and according to the Directions of the said Act, together with Interest now due, and the Debts they have incurred, amount to more than

the Sum they were authorized to raise by the said Act; mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it and that the Works directed by the said Act are not shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Colhoun, The Earl of Upper Ossory, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr.

yet completed, and it will require a further Sura to be raised for finishing and completing the same, and to discharge the said Interest and Debts, and to pay the accruing Interest of the Money raised, and to be raised, by virtue of the said Act; And therefore praying, Vo l.4 8.

188

13° Februarii.

A. 1793.

Engell's Nat. Mr. Alderman Curtis reported from the Committee, and are distinguished and bound by ancient and known Bill reported, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Henry Etigell was Limits and Boundaries; and that the said Townships committed; That the Committee had examined the of Rufford and Holmeswood are also very populous, and Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; the Inhabitants thereof cannot, with Conveniency, re-

Brecknock and Pont y pool Canal Bill presented.

pair to the said Parish Church of Croston by reason of their remote Distance from the same, and of the Inundations of Water in those Parts; and that within the said Township of Chorley there is a Chapel built for the Ease of the Inhabitants of the said Township of Chorley, and within the said Township of there is a Chapel built for the Ease of the Inhabitants of the said Townships of Rufford and and

that the Revenues and Endowments belonging to the said Parish Church of Croston are sufficient for the Maintenance of the Ministers, as well within the said Township of Chorley, as also of the said Townships of Rufford and Holmeswood, as in the Residue of the said Parish of Croston, and it would be of great Convenience to the Petitioner, and to the Inhabitants of the

Lanvabon, &c. Road Bill presented.

and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Morgan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Brecknock, to the Monmouthshire Canal, near the Town of Pont y Pool, in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways and Stone Roads from such Canal to several Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock and Monmouth: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

said Chapelries, if the said Chapels of Chorley and

Mr. Morgan presented to the House, according to Rufford were separated from the said Parish of Croston, Order, a Bill for opening and making a new Road and declared to be two distinct Parish Churches: And from die Turnpike Road at Craig Evan Leyson, in the therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring Parish of Lanvabon, to the Confines of the Parish of in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Re-Ystradyvoduck, near Abemant, in the County of Gla- gulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem morgan: And the same was received; and read the proper.

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Reverend Robert Master, Doctor in Divinity, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Croston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was pre-Rufford from sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Parish of the Parish of Croston, in the County Palatine of

Petition to separate the Chapels of Chorley and

Croston.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the stud Petition: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. John Thomas Townshend, from the Commissioners Estimate of

for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Navy Debt Great Britain, presented to the House, by His Ma-

presented.

Lancaster, is very spacious, and hath in it one Parish jesty's Command,

Church, and contains many Townships, Villages, An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as Hamlets, and Chapelries, within which Parish the se- it stood on the 31st December 1792. veral Townships, Hamlets, or Villages of Chorley and And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Rufford, with the Township of Holmeswood, are situate, The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

(1

33 Geo. III.

13° Febru

189

itimai it)'DA esttfc

Navy Office, An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter Navy Debt. 1793 J

11 th February,

mentioned, as it stood on the 31st December 1792.

HEADS OF THE NAVAL ESTIMATES.

-tr.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports:

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy for Stores, Freight of Transports, &c. supplied for the Service thereof - -

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty s several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1792; as also to

several Bills of Exchange....

To His Majesty's Several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary....

For Half Pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on that Behalf ' J} -W 1 j,.

Seamen's Wages:

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid off -

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1792 To discharge and pay off all Bills entered in Course for Slop Cloaths, Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, &c.

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for short Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -For paying off all Bills entered on their Course -For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1792 -For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies ——

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers employed at the several Ports....

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen set on Shore from His Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, and Contingencies relating to that Office ——

The Total amounts to Three Million Four hundred and Fifty thousand One hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Four Pence -

From thence deducting the Money in the '

Treasurer's Hands - - - - as on the

And also the Money that remains to come other Side, in of the Supplies - - - - J

The Debt will then be Two Million Seven hundred and Forty-five thousand Nine hundred and Ninety Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings -

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports and Army Victuallers, between the 1st January and 31st December 1792

And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling (which is also included in this Debt) that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers, between the 1st January and 31st December 1792, is -

PARTICULARS.

TOTAL.

£ d. - y . 1 £ s- d.

1,585,260 8 6

82,945 2 — v 2,008,269 8 6

216,991 w -

123,072 18 —

' - tr-

330,275 8 4 196,863 5 4 585,949 7 8

58,810 14 — . i j -

31,453 10 — "j 725,948 1 lOj I f % ► r M

23,779 19 if i 812,273 — 6*

22,146 9 6^ j > H

8,945 J u

43,643 2 7}

I 1 1 t 1 3,450,134 19 4

331,164 15 n

373,979 5 .

Go,518 8 4

2,605 9 4*

704,144 > 41

2,745,99° J7 ui

63,123 17 84

Vol. 48.

3C

Memd‘

g

cq'

r+

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

o

CjQ_

FT

3

t?

sr

Mem*". — '

There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1792, in Money, as under mentioned, and may be reckoned towards

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

— n*

In Hhafc Treasurers Hands. ON THE HEADS OF

IN MONEY. Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports* Seamen's Wages. Victuals. TOTAL,

' £ d. £‘ d. £ & d. C s, d.

Right honble Welbore Ellis In Money - - - Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen ... 5,373 2 1 1,119 18 10J 1 5 7 15 — — I } 6,509 6 7

Right honbl* Isaac Ifarrb - In Money - Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - — 1 - 1 <; 1 3,289 9 lo 2,600 19 6| io 17 9 88 5 4i } 5,989 12 5f

Right honb,e Henry Dundas "1 (1st Trearship) - - -J In Money Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 3,602 11 nf 2,313 3 5* 10 14 11 124 2 3i } 6,050 12 74

Right honb,e Charles Townshend In Money - Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen - 2,893 5 44r 1,927 2 3} 21 7 8 643 1^ H } 5,485 12 5!

Right honb,e Henry Dundas 1 (ad Trearship) */ In Money Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen " 3,670 14 Ilf 22 6 2 9 13 io| 53.3 13 4 J 4,236 8 4

Right honbl* Henry Dundas 1 1 (New Account) - -J In Money - Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seaipen - 164,979 19 7 123,719 10 7^ 3,867 15 6 10,325 17 H } 302,893 3

£i 183,809 3 9f 135,624 16 2f n,73o 15 ipi 331,164 15 1»

There remained, on the 3.1st December 1792, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies

£ s. d. 372,979 5 51

C

3L

s.

Henry Martin.

J. Hens low.

W. Bellingham.

Geo. Marsh. E. Le Cras.

Geo. Rogers. Sam1 W.

<v

5

ss

co

CP

33 Geo. III. 13p Febrndr. 191

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Lmd Tax Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported

Bill reported. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the' Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks' Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Malt Bill Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, rep'orted

"i1011*1, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty cfertain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-> livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the

Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Paiehct The Mouse vvas moved, That the Order, made , Pmiioosre- upon Monday last, for taking into Consideration, To-jp- e morrow, the Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, who Monde- claims to be an Elector of Representatives to serve f«ml, in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of 'York; and also, the Petition of the several I Peteons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who claim to be Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of John Smyth and William Solheron, Esquires, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be taken into Consideration upon Friday next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notice was again inserted in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Pontefract.

!] i,

fftoU; Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant "nt. to the Clerk of the Crown,' to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weobley, in the County of Hereford, in the room of Sir John Scott, Knight, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General to His Majesty.

twJiion Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his "Warrant to *'' the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ , for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present, Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir John Mitford, Knight, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted ,the Office of Solicitor General to His Majesty,

Vo t.48.

A Petition of tlcneage par] of Aylesford apd Henry Hemlingford Earl of Dighy^and the humble Petition of several other Hundred Pe-Persons, being rnhpbitants and Land Owners of the tlt °". re*

Hundred of, Hemlingford, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forjth, mingham in That, in consequence of certain Riots in the Town i79'-and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, in the Year 179], divers Actions have been, brought, and Verdicts obtained, against the Inhabitants of the said Hundred, and the Sums recovered ip consequence of those Actions, together with the Costs attending the defending the samp, amount to f.29,383, and upwards; and;that the Manner prescribed by, Law, for. raising the , Money so recovered against the said Hundred, will be attended with the greatest Distress to the Inhabitants thereof, and may occasion ttye utter Ruin, of many of them:

And therefore praying the House to take the Case of the Inhabitants of the said Hundred into Consideration, and to enable them to borrow a , Sum of Money for the Purposes above stated, and to levy Rates on the Inhabitants of the said Hundred, for the Payment of the Interest on the Sum so borrowed, and for the Discharge of the Principal, within such a‘ Time, as to the House shall, seem meet.,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; $nd report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the Hou.se:

And it is referred to Sir Rqbert Sir George

Augustus William Shuclcburgh, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill to proto resolve itself into a Committee of the whole vide for the House, upon the Bill to provide for the Families of jviiTTtia RIm Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this deferred. Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for amending, and reducing ipto ope Act " of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in " that Part of Great Britain called be now

read.,

And the said Order being rea,d accordingly; r Resolved That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Hnuse was moved, That an Act, made in the American Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His prespnt Ma-, Trade Act* jesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing certain In- to beconstruments from being required from Ships belonging 81 ere '

" to the United States of America; and to give to " His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for " the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between " the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the " Inhabitants of the said United States," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, iptjtuled, " An Act to extend the Powers " of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year; of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain w Powers for the better carrying on Trade, and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the United States of " America, to the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in " America, with respect to certain Articles therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also nioved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating

" the

1

IS0 Februariu

0

A.1793.

Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard, by their Counsel, upon the Second belonging to the United States of America, so far as Reading of the said Bill;

" the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's " Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories

(C

Supply deferred.

the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried " on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the " Countries belonging to the said United States," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Praed,

Sir William Young, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Company of Pro- Petition* prietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation; and also, ^r^jton the Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Au- auci Brent.

fust us Earl of Berkeley; and also, the Petition of the ford Canal Toblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Bill referred> Gentlemen and others, whose Names are thereunder written, Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands within the Parishes or Districts of Hillingdon, Harlington,

Hayes, Norwood, Southal, and Drayton, in the County of Middlesex; and also the Petition of several Gen-

si

it

T;

Ways and

tlemen, Merchants, Farmers, Traders, and others, The Order of the Day being read, for the House to residing in the several Counties of Middlesex, Bucks,

Means dsfer- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Hertford, and Bedford; and also, the Petition of the for raising the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, or Residents, in the several Parishes and Places of Hillingdon, Cowley, Drayton, Harlington, and other Places between the Town of Uxbridge and the River Thames, in the County of Middlesex; and also, the Petition of the Commissioners, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed gable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at by the several Acts of Parliament made for improving Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of and from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, which were

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro; presented to the House upon the 2d Day of January posed, That the said Bill be now read a Second last, and the nth and 12th Days of this Instant

red- consider further of Ways and Means

Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the stud Committee.

Braunston The Order of the Day being read, for the Second

and 'Brent- Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi-ford Canal Q ~ ~ ~

Bill committed.

Time;

The House was moved, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, being respectively Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes or Districts of Hillingdon, Harlington, Hayes, Southal, Norwood, and Drayton, in

February, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that such of the Petitioners as desire to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, be heard by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

the County of Middlesex, was referred, might be again mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the ;read. „

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 7th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, which directs, that before any Application is made to the House for leave to bring in a Bill for making any Cut or Canal for the Purposes of Navigation, a previous Application shall be made to the Owners, or reputed Owners and Occupiers, of the Lands throu

Canal is intended to be carried; and that separate Lists shall be made of the Names of such Owners and Occupiers, distinguishing which of them, upon such Application, have assented to, or dissented from, such intended Cut or Canal, or are neuter in respect thereto, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Langley thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors South Com-of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, mon lnc.l°* within the Barony or Manor of Langley, in the Parish *ure €lltion‘ of the Lands through which any such Cut or of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, for and

on the Behalf of themselves and others, having, or claiming to have, Right of Common in and upon the Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, herein after particularly mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is within, and Parcel of, the -said Barony or Manor, a certain Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called The Amendment following was proposed to be made Langley South Common, containing, by Estimation, Two

to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," in order to add, at the End of the Question, the Words " upon this Day " Six Months."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being pot;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed, that the several Persons, who petitioned this House upon the Second Day of January last, and the Eleventh and Twelfth Days of this Instant February, praying to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petitions were then ordered to lie upon the

thousand Six hundred Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich are Lords of the said Barony or Manor of Langley, and as such entitled to the Soil and Inheritance and Royalties of the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, as belonging to their said Barony or Manor of Langley; and that the said Commissioners and Governors, and the Petitioners, their Trustees, Lessees, Tenants, Farmefs, or Assigns, in respect of their several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Parish of Warden and Barony or Manor of Langley aforesaid, have, or claim to be entitled, to Right of Common upon the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground; and that the said Common, Moor,

or

33 Gao. III. 1 Sl° Februarii.

193

i,

!S

S

6 ford iV il fillip

n 0t<k

1

1

e

j

r

Langley

Sooth

DIC'D I®!k

sure

or Tract of Waste Ground, is, in its present State, upon the Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, of little Value, but the Petitioners conceive that the and having, or claiming to have, Right and Interest in same is capable of Cultivation and Improvement, and the Common Fields or Dales, and Pieces of Land they are desirous that the said Common, Moor, or herein after particularly mentioned, was presented to Tract of Waste Ground, should be divided and in- the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is closed, and specific Shares thereof allotted amongst within, and Parcel of, the said Barony or Manor, a the said Commissioners and Governors of the said certain Common. Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground,

Royal Hospital, as Lords of the said Barony or Manor of Langley, and the several Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Grey and Mr. Praed do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Griodon A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Common In- thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors

ckwirePtu- of Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, for, and on the Behalf of themselves and others, having, or claiming to have; Right of Common, in and upon the Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, herein after particularly mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is within, and Parcel of, the said Barony or Manor, a certain Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Grindon Common, containing by Estimation Four thousand Three hundred Acres or thereabouts; and that the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich are Lords of the said Barony or Manor of Langley, and as such entitled to the Soil and Inheritance and Royalties of the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, as belonging to their said Barony or Manor of Langley, and that the said Commissioners and Governors, and the Petitioners, their Trustees, Lessees, Tenants, Farmers, or Assigns, in respect of their several Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, - or Hereditaments, within the Parish of Warden and Barony or Manor of Langley aforesaid, have, or claim to be entitled to, Right of Common upon the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground; and that the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, is, in its present State, of little Value, but the Petitioners conceive that the same is capable of Cultivation and Improvement, and they are desirous that the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, should be divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted amongst the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, as Lords of the said Barony or Manor of Langley, and the several Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Mills, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Grey and Mr. Praed do prepare, , and bring in, the same.

Thurograftoa A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names klojure are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprie-Miuoii. tors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Barony or Manor of Wark, in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland, for and on the Behalf of themselves, and others, having, or claiming to have, Right of Common in and Vot, 48.

called Thomgrafton Common, containing, by Estima-

tion, One thousand Five hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and there are within the Township of grafton, some Common Fields or Dales, and Pieces of Land known by the Name of Thomgrafton Common Fields, containing together, by Estimation, Ninety Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital at Greemvich are Lords of the said ‘Barony or Manor of Wark, and as such entitled to the Soil and Inheritance and Royalties of the said Thomgrafton Common, as belonging to their said Barony or Manor of Work; and that the said Commissioners and Governors, and the Petitioners, their Trustees, Tenants, Farmers, or Assigns, in respect of their several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the Parish of Haltwhistle, and Barony or Manor of Wark aforesaid, have, or claim to be entitled to, Right of Common upon the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground; and that the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, is, in its present State, of little Value, but the Petitioners conceive that the same is capable of Cultivation and Improvement, and they are desirous that the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, should be divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted amongst the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital, as Lords of the said Barony or Manor of Wark, and the several Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Common upon the said Common, Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground; and that the said several Persons having Right and Interest in the said Common Fields' or Dales, and Pieces of Land, are desirous that the same should also be divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Grey and Mr. Thomas Thompson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Borough of Petition re-Nezvark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, pay- apecting the ing Scotland Lot within the said Borough, whose ?j^hf00/E'ec" Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Newark. Members to represent the said Borough in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and other Electors for the said Borough, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, ‘ That, upon the 2 2d Day of March 1791, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a certain Petition of William Paxton, Esquire, and also, a Petition of several other Persons, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, reported to the House that they had determined " That the Right of voting for Members to serve in " Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Nottingham, is in the Mayor, Aldermen,

" and all the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot within " the said BoroughAnd that certain Persons, pretending to be Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Newark, having, on the 18th Day of December 1792, presented a Petition to this House, praying that they may be admitted as Parties, according to the' Form of the Statute in that Case lately made and provided, to oppose

3 D the

194 13" Februarii.A. 1793.

Soulhburn

Inclosure

Petition.

Hollym and Withernsea Inclosure Petition.

the said Right of Election, in Favour of which the Ordere, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, said Select Committee have reported as aforesaid, and pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Petitioners insisting that the said Right of Elec- Mr. J and Mr. do prepare, and tion, in Favour of which the said Select Committee bring in, the same, have reported as aforesaid, is the true Right of Election for the said Borough of Newark, therefore pray- A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for Halifax and

ing, That they may be admitted as Parties to defend the First District of Road (to wit) from Halifax to Hvddenfidd such Right of Election so repaged to the House as Huddersfielby virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed "" Pet1' aforesaid, and that they may have such further and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet. Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and wi-

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Con- dening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the sideration upon Thursday, the 21st Day of March next, West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of at the same Time that the Petition of the several Sheffield, in the same Riding, was presented to the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Elec- the Powers contained in the said Act, several Parts of tors of Members to serve in Parliament for the ‘Bo- the said First District of Road have been repaired and rough of Newark, in the County of Nottingham, is or- improved, and other Parts thereof diverted by the dered to be taken into Consideration. Purchase of Lands for that Purpose, with Money bor-

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Wanant, rowed and charged upon the Tolls directed to be or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, raised in the said District by the said Act, and which as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, Monies so borrowed still remain charged upon the on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition. said Mortgages of the Tolls, and such new Roads have

Memorandum: likewise been made, but all the said District of Road

That Notice of the said Petition, and of the still continues to require very great and frequent Re-Time appointed for taking the same into Con- pairs and Amendments; and that several convenient sideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Alterations may yet be made by diverting and alter-Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent ing, or widening several Parts of- the said District of to the Returning Officer of the Borough of Road, for the greater Ease and Convenience of Per-Newark, according to the Directions of an sons travelling thereon, and several other Repairs and Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Amendments are yet necessary for the Improvement of Reign of His present Majesty, for the further the said District of Road, but the Tolls arising the re-Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elec- from, and authorized to be collected by the said Act, tions, or Returns of Members to serve in Par- are insufficient to discharge and pay the Interest of the liament. Monies borrowed, and to keep the said District of

Road in Repair, and to make such other Alterations A Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Open and Improvements thereon, and to answer the Pur-Fields, Lands, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, here- poses intended to be provided for by the said Act; and inafter mentioned, was presented to the House, and the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Town- near expired: And therefore praying, That Leave ship of Southburn, in the Parish of Kirlcburn, in the East may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Riding of the County of York, certain Open Arable Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the Fields, Lands, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, coni- said Act, and varying and altering the Tolls therein puted to contain in the Whole about One thousand appointed to be raised for the said District of Road, \

Two hundred Acres; and that the said Fields and and making such other Provisions as shall be found ne-Lands, in their present Situation, are capable of very cessary for supporting and carrying the same into Exe-little Improvement, but if the same were inclosed, cution.

and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Pro- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the prietors, a considerable Benefit would aacrue to all the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Parties interested therein, and to the Public in gene- mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it ral: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given shall appear to them, to the House: to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-- And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Dun-

mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow shall think proper. Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Pa-pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that pers, and Records.

Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and

bring in, the same. A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- Petitions in

chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inha- favour of A Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Open bitants of the Town of Halifax, in the County of and Brentfonl Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, herein after men- York: And also, Canal Bill,

tioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer-

forth, That there are, within the Townships of Hoi- chants. Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inha-

lym, and JVithernsea, in the Parish of Hollym, in the bitants of the Town of Ripley, in the County of York:

East Riding of the County of York, certain Open And also,

Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, com- A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer-puted to contain in the Whole about Two thousand chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inha-Three hundred Acres; and that the said Fields and bitants of the Town of Barnsley, in the County of Font:

Lands, in their present Situation, are capable of very And also,

little Improvement, but if the same were inclosed, A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer-

and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Pro- chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inha-

prietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the bitants of the Town of Knaresborough, in the County Parties interested therein, and to the Public in ge- of YorkAnd also, neral: And therefore praying, That Leave may be A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer-given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabi-above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the tants of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of House shall think proper. ' York:

Were

3.

id

ir,\

555

itk#s

33 Geo. III.

13® — 14° .

195

Were severally presented to the House, and read; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Taking Notice of the Bill for making and Quarters.

Petition

against Braonston and Brentford Canal Bill.

etit>S'

.your: ratio-' idBr*

alll;f , Navigation, &c.

Bill commit-

tal.

maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at Nero Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were' severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition g»f the Owners and Occupiers of Wharfs, in the Port of London, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed that a Bill is depending before the House for making a Navigable Canal from Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to Nero Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, which Canal, by Means of Collateral Cuts, is intended to form a Junction with several other Canals, and thereby to open an Intercourse by Water Carriage between the Port of London and the Ports and Principal Places in the Northern, Western, and Eastern Parts of the Kingdom; and that, from Time immemorial, the Inhabitants of this Island have interchanged all Manner of bulky and heavy Commodities by a Coast Navigation, that a large Capital has been and now remains embarked in Shipping, and in the building and maintaining Vessels suitable to the various Branches of the said Navigation, and the Petitioners are interested therein; and that, for the Convenience of the said Trade, large and commodious Wharfs and Warehouses have been erected and maintained at a very great Expence, and the Petitioners are apprehensive of much Injury to their Property from the Decay of the Coasting Trade, which must be occasioned by the Ruin of the Coasting Vessels, and also to their respective Wharfs, in case the Bill for making the said Canal shqpld pass into a Law: And therefore requesting the House to take under their Consideration the Loss and Damage to which the Petitioners Property must be exposed by the Junction of Canals intended by the said Bill, and that they will ordain that such Compensation shall be made to them as the Justice of the Case may require, and as to the House shall seem meet, and that they will allow the Petitioners to produce their Witnesses, and to offer their Objections to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, is committed.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Foss with the River Ouse, at or near the City of York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Sti/lington, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands lying on each Side of the said River Foss, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. berforce, Mr. Buncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morningj Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 14* die Februarii;

Anno 330 Georgii III"' Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Company of Proprietors Petition of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation, w'as ^etherton presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, g£ijy by virtue of several Acts, passed many Years since, a Oak Canal Navigable Caoal, called The Staffordshire and Worcester- Bill. shire Canal, was undertaken and completed from the Grand Trunk Canal at Haywood to the River Severn at Stourport, and Two other Canals, called The Stourbridge Canal and The Dudley Canal, were afterwards made, extending from the Collieries and Iron Manufactories, in the Neighbourhood of Stourbridge and Dudley, to the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal; and that, by virtue of the Powers granted by subsequent Acts of Parliament, passed in the Years 1783 and 1791, the Petitioners have, at a very considerable Expence, made and completed a Canal called The Thames and Severn Canal, by which a Navigable Communication is opened between the River Thames at Leachlade and the River Severn at Framiload, and it was a very material Object with the Petitioners, in making the said Canal, that great Quantities of Coal and Manufactures from the Neighbourhood of Stourbridge and Dudley would be brought along the same; and that an Act w'as passed, in the last Session of Parliament, to enable certain Persons to make a Canal from Birmingham to Worcester, to be called The Worcester Canal, and the same is now making; and that the Petitioners observe that a Bill is depending in the House for making a Canal from the before-named Dudley Canal at or near Netherton, to join and communicate with the

Worcester Canal at or near a Place called Selly Oak, which Canal, if made, will be highly detrimental to the Interest of the Petitioners, without affording (as the Petitioners conceive) any real and substantial Advantage to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or near, Selly Oak, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mutiny Bill Jefened.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, Vol. 48.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon SecondRead-Mondaylast, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow, ing ofNe-the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Wor- ca, ud Bill cester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now deferred, making at, or near Selly Oak, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon W? dnesdayMorning next.

A Message

The Lords have passed.

Fisher's Nat. Bill.

The Lords will proceed on Mr, Hastings's Trial#

Fisher's Nat. Bill read.

Committee appointed to prepare Militia Estimate.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

196 14° — 15" — 16° FeA. 1793. £

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hnlford and Mr. A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. The Lord* j Graves: Gtaves: . have passed Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Vallotion* 1 naturalizing John William Fisher; to which the Lords naturalizing John James Vallotton; to which the Lords Nat BilL r$ desire the Concurrence of this House; And also, desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, i/

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lord* House, That their Lordships will proceed further in House, That their Lordships will proceed further in will proceed (| the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday on M,r-11 Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall. Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster tings s Trial' And then the Messengers withdrew. Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John William Fisher, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1793.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Steele, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 15* die Februarii;

Anno 330 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1793. Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to W minster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of $dl Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

Ordered, That the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, be now called over.

And they were called over accordingly; and- they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Consider-the Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, who claims to be tionofPeti* 1 an Elector of Representatives to serve in Parliament lUgllt for the Borough, of Pontefract, in the County of York, ot Eiection and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose for Pontefract Names are thereunto subscribed, who claim to be Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, j

being Parties admitted to oppose the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough as determined by a Select Committee, which Determination was reported to the House on the 9th Day of March 1791; and also, the Petition of Smyth and William Sotheron, Esquires, being Parties admitted to

defend such Right of Election, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and re- Vi

quire the Attendance of the Members on the Business Ii

of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned; _ a

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Ninety- E:

seven Members only being present, Mr. Speaker di- "

rected tire Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon. 1

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 16* die Februarii;

Anno 33* Georgii III,!i Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Considera- Consideration the Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, who claims to be an Elector of Representatives to serve in ing^e Highi Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of Election of York; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, for Pontefract whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who claim to be de^rrei1-Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, being Parties admitted to oppose the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough as determined by a Select Committee, which Determination was reported to the House on the 9th Day of March 1791; and also, the Petition of John Smyth and William Sotheron, Esquires, being Parties admitted to defend such Right of Election, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to jgo, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And

33 Geo. III.

And being returned;

And there being no Member in the House besides Mr. Speaker; Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read l the Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions into

Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till

I Monday, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

t Luna, 18° die Februarii;

Anno 33° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1793. Prayers.

wia tod *XOHN Anthony Wins and John Isaac Charretie, CDwrttie J took the Oaths appointed in order to their Natu- !,ora- ralization.

putefnct The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration PeiitioDs the Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, who claims to be uRClh? an Elector of Representatives to serve in Parliament tali con- for Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York; sired. and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who claim to be Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, being Parties admitted to oppose the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough as determined by a Select Committee, which Determination was reported to the House on the 9th Day of March 1791; and also, the Petition of John Smyth and William Sdthe Esquires, being Parties admitted to defend such Right of Election, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a , Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

I And he went accordingly.

! And being returned;

I Member And a Member returned upon a new Writ having j utesOaths, taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

Warwick Mr. Galley Knight, from the Select Committee, who Hertion de- were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the WBU°t' Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, all legal Voters of the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That the Counsel for the Petitioners, having opened their Case to the said Select Committee, delivered in a Statement, upon the Right of Election for the' said Borough, as follows:

" The Counsel of the Petitioners state, that the " Right of Election for the Borough of is,

" according to the last Determination of the House of " Commons concerning the same, made on the 31st " of May, in the Year 1628, " In the Commonalty,"

"that is, according to an Explanatory Resolution of " that House on the 23d of January 1722, and the Vot. 48.

197

u true Construction of such Explanatory Resolution,

" In such Persons only in the said Borough who pay " to Church and Poor."

And that thereupon the Counsel for the Sitting Member also delivered in a Statement of the Right of Election for the said Borough, as follows:

" That the Right of Election of Burgesses, to serve " in Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, is in "such Persons only as pay to Church and Poor in the said Borough."

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick.

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is the Right of Election for the said Borough of Warwick, so far as the said Right is therein described.

That the said Select Committee, having duly considered the said Statements, and the Evidence adduced before them, touching the Right of Election for the said Borough of Warwick, have determined,

That, pursuant to the last Determination of the House of Commons, the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, is in such Persons only as pay to Church and Poor in the said Borough, whether Inhabitants or not.

That the said Select Committee have also determined,

That the Honourable George V is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick.

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined.

That the said Petition did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, that the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Honourable George Villiers to the said Petition did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Proceedings One hundred and Thirty-one Members being pre- on Pontefract sent; Petitions re-

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar. !Hghtof And the Door of the House being locked; Election.

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petitions, respecting the Right of Election for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Name of One Member, then present, was drawn, who was not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Henry Dundas being drawn, he offered to the House, as ao Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he before stated to the House on the 11 th Day of this Instant February; and having verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Ten other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners ad-

3 E mitted

16° — 18° .

18° Februarii. A. 1793.

Kipg's Answer to Address.

wilted to expose the Right of Election, *» determined by the former Committee.

And the Names of Three other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name erf William Sot heron, Esquire, being drawn, Notice was taken that the said Member, being One of the Sitting Members for the said Borough of Pontefract, had, together with John , Esquire, the other Sitting Member for the said Borough, signed the Petition presented to this House, praying to be admitted Parties to defend the Right of Election for the said Borough, as reported from the Select Committee, -and which was One ,of the Petitions novy taken into Consideration.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents were directed f.o retire some Way from the Bar.

The House was moved, That the said Petition might he read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘‘ An Act for the further Regulation " of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of " Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Name of the said William Sptheron, Esquire, was set aside, with the Names of those who were absent from the House.

And the Name of George Murray, Esquire, being drawn, he again offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he before stated to the House on Monday last; and having verified the same upon Oath, he yvas excused accordingly.

And the Names of Thirty other Members, thep present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Dudley Ryder being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioners admitted to defend the Right of Election, as determined by the former Committee.

And the Names of Five other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names the Names of Philip Esquire, and John Esquire, were

drawn, who, having sworn that they were Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, were excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Thirty other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Thirteen on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards {before sworn); Two against whose Election Petitions were depending: Eight as then serving on Select Committees; and Seven on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Fortyrnine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names re delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Mr. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty on Thursday last, with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you My warmest Thanks for this affectionate and loyal Address, and for the cordial Assurances of your firm and effectual Support in the Measures which may be necessary for maintaining the Honour, of My Crown, and for prosecuting with Vigour a just and necessary War, in defence of the dearest Interests of My People.

A Petition of the several Owners of Lands, within the Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grohnds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be highly beneficial to the Petitioners, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the same, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr, Henry Hobarty the Earl of Upper Qssory, and Mr. St.

John, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

a

A Bill for naturalizing John Anthony and John Isaac Charretid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. St. John, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within the Town and Lordship of Weaverham, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Town and Lordship, several Commons and Waste Lands upon which the Petitioners are entitled to Right of Common; and that the said Commons and Waste Lands, in their present State, are of little Value, but, if divided into specific Allotments, and inclosed, the same might be very considerably improved, and such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, would be a manifest Advantage to the several Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Commons and Waste Lands, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Crewe and Sir Robert S Cotton do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repealing Three several Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending die Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Lyne, and Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for making and maintaining a Road from, or nearly from, French Top, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Brook-houses, in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby, and for repairing and altering the Road leading from, or nearly from, a Close called Copley Meadow, in Stayley, to, or near to, Stay Bridge, in the County of Chester.

Mr.

Milton

Bryant Inclo* sure Petition.

Wise's and Charreti^s Nat. Bill committed.

Weaverham

Inclosure

Petition.

Member added to bring in Manchester and Salter's Brook Roads Bill.

Member added to bring in Saddle-worth and <3 lossop Road Bill-

Manchester and Salter's Brook Roads Bill presented.

Saddleworth and Glossop Road Bill presented.

Ashby de la Zouch Canal Petition.

33 Geo. Ill,

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing Three severed Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under and Parish of

Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Road from, or nearly from, French Top, in the Parish of Saddle-worth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Brookhouses, in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby, and for repairing and altering the Road leading from, or nearly from, a Close called Copley Meadow, in Siayley, to, or near to, Stay ley Bridge, in the County of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Harry Earl of Stamford, the Right honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Wentworth, and the Right honourable Charles Lord Viscount Maynard, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing it) idle several Counties of Warwick, Leicester, and Derby, and concerned or otherwise interested in Lands, Mines, Trades, and Manufactures there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by Levels and Surveys lately taken, that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be made from Ashby de 14 Zouch, in the County of Leicester, into, or through, the Parishes or Townships of Ashby de la £ouch aforesaid, fordby and Boothorpe, in the County of Leicester, Donisthorpe, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, Okethorpe and Measham, in the County of Derby, Snareston, Shackerston, Congerston, Carlton, Market Bomorth. Coton, Shenton, Sutton Cheney,

Stoke Golding, Higham, Hinckley, and in the County of Leicester, Stretton Burton Hastings, Wolvey, Bulking ion, Marston Jabet, and

Coton, in the County of Warwick, into th? Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near Griff, in the said Parish or Township of Chilvers Coton, and also that Cuts or Branches may be extended therefrom, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid, in, to, or through, the Parishes or Townships of Ashby de la Zouch, Repton, and Tkknall, in the County of Derby, Staunton Harold, Coleorton, Worthington, Newbold, Thringstone, and Breedon, in the County of Leicester, to the Lime Works at Ticknall, in the County of Derby, Lime Works, Lead Mines, and Coal Mines, at Staunton Harold, Lime Works at Clmidhill, and Coal Mines at Coleorton, in the County of Leicester, whereby the Inhabitants of the said Parishes or Townships, and of the adjacent Towns and Places, will be supplied with Coals, Lime, and other Merchandize, at a much lower Price than they are at present, and by the Communication which will be thereby opened with the Oxford and Coventry Canals, great Advantages will not only arise to the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Warwick, but also to the Counties of Northampton, Buckingham, and Oxford: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making such Navigable Canal, and Cuts or Branches therefrom, with such Powers and Provisions, and subject to such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Voi. 48.

199

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred so Mr. Bochin, Mr. South, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Ppwer to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Market an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of Harborouglj the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act p^L,

" to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts,

" passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King " George the First, and the Nineteenth Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road " from Market liar borough to Loughborough, in the " County of Leicester; and for repairing, widening,

" turning, and altering the Road branching out of the " aforesaid Road at a Place called Filling Gate, to a " Road called The Foss Road, and from thence to the " Turnpike Road leading from Melton Mowbray to the " Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, ,"

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Progress hnth been made in the Execution of the said Acts, and'several large Sums of Money , borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted are still due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term, by the said Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, continued and granted, be extended, and some of the Powers thereof yaripd, enlarged, and rendered more effectual; and it is expedient that some of the Tolls, by the said Act authorized to be taken, should be varied and increased: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clocjc, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, jjeatEnstone and others, of the Counties of Oxford and Buckingham, and Bicester whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented Road Peti* to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Neat Enstone, over Hey ford Bridge, to the Town of Bicester, and from Bicester to Weston on the Green, in the said County of Oxford, is greatly out of Repair, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious j and it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if the said Road was properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: At)d that they do examine the Matter thereof; arid report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Page, Sir William Dolben,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Little Tew thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, and Inclosure otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Field, Petition, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the

18° Febru

Milcomb

Inclosure

Petition.

Bicester

Inclosure

Petition,

Brecknock and Pont y pool Canal Bill committed.

18° Februarii. A. 1793.

the Hamlet and Liberties of Little Tew, in the Parish Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morgan,

of Great Tew, in the County of Oxford, was presented Sir Charles Morgan, &c.: And they are to meet this to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's of the Petitioners in the said Field are intermixed and Chamber, dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present State,

incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it A Bill for opening and making a new Road from Lanvabou, would be very advantageous to the several Persons in- the Turnpike Road at Craig Evan Leyson, in the &c- Road Bill terested therein, if the said Field, Lands, and Grounds, Parish of to the Confines of the Parish of commiUe(i'

were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof Ystradyvoduck, near Abemant, in the County of Gla-allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their morgan, was read Second Time, respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mor-praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for gan, Sir Charles Morgan, &c.: And they are to meet dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in Chamber, such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Sir George Augustus William Shuekburgh reported Warwick pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that from the Committee to whom the Bill for making and and Birming. Mr. Page, Sir William Dolben, and the Marquis of maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from a ^Ure Bland ford, do prepare, and bring in, the same.' Place called The in the Parish of Saint 1 repor*'

Mary, in the Borough of Warwick, unto, or near to,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, and and to terminate at, or near to, a certain Navigable otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Field, Canal in, or near to, the Town of Birmingham, called and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying The Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Birming-within the Hamlet and Liberties of Milcomb, in the ham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, was committed:

Parish of Bloxham, in the County of Oxford, was pre- That the Committee had examined the Allegations of sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Field are intermixed Committee had gone through the Bill, arid made several and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; and report to the House; and he read the Report in his it would be very advantageous to the several Persons Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the interested therein, if the said Field, Lands, and Grounds, Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Re-were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof port was read.

allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Petition Iron respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore Inhabitants, of the Town of Birmingham, in the praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for County of Warwick, was presented to the House, b?L dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Field, and read; Setting forth, That Birmingham is a very and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such flourishing and populous Town, owing to its various Manner as to the House shall seem meet. Manufactories, and those Manufactories depend very

Ordered, That Leave be given t6 bring in a Bill much upon a regular Supply of Coals at a moderate pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Price, which, at present, are brought to Birmingham by Mr. Page, Sir William Dolben, and the Marquis of a Canal from the Collieries in Staffordshire only; and Bland ford, do prepare, and bring in, the same. that, in consequence of a Canal lately made from Bir-

mingham to Fazeley, in the said County of Warwick,

A Petition of the several Proprietors and Owners of Coals are become very scarce in Birmingham, are very Lands within the -Township, Liberty, and Precincts, of much advanced in Price, and likely to become very Bicester-Kings'-End, in the Parish of Bicester, in the dear; and that the Petitioners are informed, that a County of Oxford, whose Names are thereunto sub- Bill is depending in the House for making a Canal from scribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting Birmingham aforesaid to the Borough of Warwick, in forth, That there are, within the said Township, Liberty, the said County, which intended Canal will be highly and Precincts, certain Open Fields, Wastes, and Com- injurious to the Petitioners and the Manufactories of mon Ground, which, in their present Situation, are in- Birmingham, by further increasing the Difficulties of capable of any considerable Improvement; and that it procuring Coals, and advancing the Price thereof, as would tend to the Adyantage of the Proprietors of, and Warwick, and the Countries through which such in-Persons interested in, the said Fields, Wastes, and tended Canal must pass, can only be supplied through Common Ground, to have the same divided and in- the Medium of Birmingham, and from those Collieries closed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Pro- which now supply the Town; and that the Petitioners prietors, and Persons interested, according to their are also informed, that a Bill is depending in the respective Rights and Interests therein: And therefore House for making a Canal from the Dudley Canal Na-praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vigation at Nelherton, in the County of Worcester, to dividing, inclosing, and allotting, the said Open Fields, the Worcester and Birmingham Canal (now making)

Wastes, and Common Ground, in such Manner, and at or near Selly Oak, in the same County, and another under such Regulations, as to she House shall seem Bill for making a Canal, from and out of such Wor-meet. cester Canal, to Stratford, in the said County of War-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, wick-, and that, should such last mentioned Bills re-

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ceive the Sanction of Parliament, a new Supply of

Mr. Page, Sir William Dolben, and the Marquis of Coals may be brought from Mines, at or near Nether-

Bland ford, do prepare, and bring in, the same. ton, through and along the Worcester Canal, into the

intended Stratford Canal, and by making a Branch A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal thereout to Warwick, from of the Length

from the Town of Brecknock, to the Monmouthshire of Eleven Miles only, or thereabouts, Warwick, and Canal, near the Town of Pont y pool, in the County of its Neighbourhood may be amply supplied with Coals, Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways without [affecting, in any material Degree, the Town and Stone Roads from^uch Canal to several Iron Works of Birmingham; and that the Distance from Birming-and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock and Monmouth, ham to Warwick is about Twenty-one Miles, and a jras read a Second Time. Branch from Lapworth (not Half the Length of the

proposed

at;

*r:

'an

t:

sci

S;'*

Talley Hill aid Claiifitkl Roedf Bill jeported.

Uttoxeter, Slpkf, &c. Roads Bill committed.

King's Norton and j Stratford upon Avon

I Canal Bill

' committed.

33 Geo. III. 18b FebruariL201

proposed Canal from Birmingham to would

pass principally through Heaths and other Barren Lands, by which the Petitioners beg Leave to represent, that a Saving of many Thousand Pounds may be made, and many Acres of the most valuable Land in the County of Warwick preserved, and that even then the Distance from Birmingham to Warwick, by way of Lapworlh aforesaid, would not be more than Three Miles, or thereabouts, further than by the proposed Canal from Birmingham to Warwick, which small Difference of Distance is not, in the Judgment of the Petitioners, equal to the Difficulty, Expence, and Loss of Time, in passing through the different Locks (to the Number of Seventeen, or thereabouts, in or near Birmingham) out of the present Birmingham into the intended Birmingham and Warwick Canal: And therefore praying, That the said Bill for making a Canal from Birmingham to Warwick may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be permitted to be heard, by their Counsel, against the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tablo, until the Keport which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, a Place called The Saltisford, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Warwick, unto, or near to the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to terminate at, or near to, a certain Navigable Canal in, or near to, the Town of Birmingham, called The Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, was committed, be taken

into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill, near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clanfeld, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Keport in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road loading from Uttoxeter to the Westwardly Part of Hardwick Heath, and for setting out and making a new Road from thence to Stoke, near Stone, and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Village of Millwich to Sandm, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wig-ley, Mr. Scott, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation, in the Parish of King's Norton, into the Borough ot Stratford upon Avon, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, was read a Second Time.

Vol. 48.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wigley, Mr. Scott, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the -Clock, in the Speakers Chamber*

A Bill for supplying the Towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke Damarel, Stone-house, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, with Water, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Call, Mr. Gregor, &c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed for putting into Execution the Powers of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act to continue the Term, " and vary the Powers, of so much of an Act, made " in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton Coldfeld Common, and several other Roads therein described, in the County of Stafford, as relates to the " Wolverhampton District of Roads," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tables Where the same was read; and is as followe.th; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Tomkys Price being examined, said, That the Trustees have made great Progress in the repairing of the said Roads, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls arising thereupon, which still remain due and owing; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in good and sufficient Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Term, and " vary the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton Coldfield " Common, and several other Roads therein described, " in the County of Slaffot'd, as relates to the Wolter~ " hampton District of RoadsAnd that Sir Edward Littleton and Mr. Jenkinson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Southampton, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Port of Southampton is a very ancient one, from which, of late Years, a considerable Trade and Commerce has been carried on to Foreign Parts, as well as Coastwise, and from the Situation of which, and other concurring Circumstances, is capable of being greatly improved, and rendered very commodious, by a Bason and Wet Docks being constructed, capable of receiving and harbouring a considerable Number of Ships, much larger than can now lie with Safety at the Quays, to be laden or unladen, which would tend to the Increase of Navigation and Improvement of Trade within the said Town and Port of Southampton, and eventually increase the Commerce and Navigation of the Kingdom; and that the Petitioners are entitled, by virtue of several Charters

3 F granted

Plymouth Dock, &c. Water Bill committed.

Sutton Coldi field Road Petition reported.

Southampton

Harbour,

&c»Petition.

18° Februarii.

A. 1793.

Southampton granted to theft) by His Majesty's Progenitors, Kings Harbour, (Vc. of England, to several exclusive Privileges, and Petition. a|s0 divers Customs, Duties, and Payments, from all Persons trading to or from the said Port, which Payments will not be sufficient to carry the intended Plans into Execution; and that the Petitioners are \villing and desirous to give up such exclusive Rights* as well as that the present Wharfage Dues payable to them should be regulated, and that a new Book of Rates should be made to establish the Harbour Dues to be paid by them in their private Capacities, as well as by all other Persons trading to or from the said Port, for the Purpose of carrying such Improvements and Alterations into Execution; and that the Petitioners, as well as the Provost and Scholars of the Queen's College, in the University of Oxford, Warden of the Hospital of God' House, in the Town of Southampton, the Warden, Scholars, Clerks of Saint Mary College, Winchester, near Winchester, and the Rectors and Vicars of the several Parishes of Holy Rhood, Saint Michael, Saint John, and Saint Lawrence, in the said Town of Southampton, are seised in Fee of various Messuages, Tenements, Storehouses, Yards, Gardens, and Lands, lying within the said Town and the Liberties thereof, much and inconveniently intermixed, from which considerable Difficulty has frequently arisen, the mutual Exchange of which said Messuages, Tenements, Storehouses, Yards, Gardens, and Lands, if legally permitted, would conduce to the Avoidance of such Difficulties in future, and greatly tend to the Improvement of the said Town, as well as to the Convenience and Benefit of the said Provost and Scholars, Clerks, Rectors or Vicars, the Petitioners, and their several Lessees, without Prejudice to others; and that, within the said Town of Southampton and its Liberties, from the Populousness of the said Town, and the great Resort thereto for Sea Bathing and drinking the Waters, are now, and for some Years past have been, kept many Sedan Chairs for Hire, used by Persons totally unrestrained and without Regulation, by reason of the Non-existence of a Law for that Purpose, and for Want of which much Inconvenience and Abuse has arisen, and been frequently practised, in respect of such Sedan Chairs by the Persons so using them for Hire as aforesaid; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring ia a Bill for abolishing certain Dues, called Petty Customs, now payable to the Corporation, and for improving the Trade and Navigation of the Port of Southampton, and for making a convenient Dock or Bason for the Security of all Ships there, and for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and making the Docks and Piers in the Harbour there, and for regulating the present Wharfage payable to the Corporation, and imposing certain Duties for carrying into Execution the said Purposes for enabling the Petitioners, and the said Provost and Scholars, Clerks, Rectors and Vicars, to make Exchange of all or any of their said Messuages, Tenements, Storehouses, Yards, Gardens, and Lands, so lying intermixed as aforesaid, in such Manner as may be mutually agreed on between them for that Purpose, and for enabling the Commissioners, authorized under an Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for the better paving and cleansing the Streets, See. thereof, and for other Purposes, to license and regulate all Sedan Chairs and Chairmen used and employed for Hire within the same Town and Liberties thereof, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, Stipulations, and Conditions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Amy at t, Mr. Sloane, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine

of the Clock, ift the Speaker^ Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers and Records.

A Petition of the most Noble Charles Duke of Gloucester Norjolk, and the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of p"j| Gloucester, and the humble Petition of several Gen- Petition, tlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by a Survey lately taken, it appears that it is practicable to make a Navigable Canal for Vessels of large Burthen from the River Severn, at or near a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley, in the said County, to join and communicate with the said River, at or near the City of Gloucester; and that the making and maintaining such Canal,

(together with such Navigable Cuts and Railways as shall be found necessary to communicate therewith) will open a much more safe and certain Navigable Communication between the City of Gloucester and the Bristol Channel, and also the City of Bristol, than at present, and will be a Means of extending the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom, and will be of great public Utility; and that a Map or Plan of the said proposed Canal was deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County, agreeably to the Standing Orders of the House, but since the same was so deposited it has been suggested, by several of the Land Owners, that the Line of the said intended Canal might be varied without Injury to the Public, and much to the Advantage and Accommodation of the Land Owners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at or near the said Place called Berkeley Pill, to join and communicate with the said River, at or near the City of Gloucester, in such Line and Direction, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Webb, Mr. John Pitt,

8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Henry Hoghtonpresented to the House, according Blackburn to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing the and Burs* Road from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge, in the County of Lancaster: And the same was received; and presented, read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right honourable James Lord Dnmford Malmesbury, and the humble Petition of the several Inclosure other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, l>eUt10"' Proprietors of, or Persons interested in, certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Dui'nford, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields,

Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, are now divided into several small Pieces or Parcels intermixed with each other, and in their present Situation are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but if the same were divided into specific Shares, and allotted amongst the several Persons interested therein, in Severalty, in lieu of, and in proportion to their respective Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests, the same would be more convenient to them, and might be considerably improved:

And theitfore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and allotting the '-said

04 Open

i 33 Geo. III. . 18° Februarii. 203

[ Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Com*: tnonable Lands and Grounds, containing such Clauses,

tCt I and under and subject to such Regulations and Orders, L"; as to the House shall seem meet.

C'

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Goddard and Sir Gilbert Elliot do prepare, and bring in, the same.

MyM(i Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to

artBilr're- ^er> a for dividing and inclosing the Open Mud. fre" Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Granby and Sutton, in the Parish of Granby and Sutton, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resoked, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

jraioughby A Petition of Thomas Bryans, and others, whose nheWould! Names are thereunto subscribed, being tire Owners of jj*®*' Lands in the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, in f the Parish of Willoughby in the IVoulds, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Lands in the said Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie greatly dispersed, and intermixed, and it would be advantageous to the Persons, interested therein to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, i in the Parish of Willoughby the IVoulds, in the County of Nottingham, in such Manner as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepontand Lord Edward Charles Cavendish

Bentinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Jittworti1 Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are tU‘ thereuBto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the

(Neighbourhood of, and Inhabitants within, the Town and Parish of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Moot Hall, in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road from Derby to Brassmgton, at or near to a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on 1 , land Ward, and also the Road leading from the said . Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road from the

Post on Wirksrcorth Moor, to Matlock Bath, at or near to a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth, all in the County of Derby, are very much out of Repair, narrow, and inconvenient, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, and improved by the ordinary Course of Law, but, if the same were made Turnpike, it would be a great Advantage and Accommodation to the Petitioners, and all others living near, or having Occasion to pass along, the said Roads, and also open an easy and commodious Communication between several distant Towns and Places in the said County of j: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, altering, and improving the said Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the , Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and i Records.

! Vox.. 48.

A Petition of Uie several Nobleitien, and the hum- Swarkstone ble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- Canal Peti-chants, Tradesmen, and other Persons, whose Names tion* are thereunto subscribed, was- presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by a Survey lately taken, it appears that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels may be conveniently made from the River Trent, in the Parish of Sxoarkstone, to and by the Town of Derby, to a Place in the Parish of Denby, called Smithy Houses, and a Branch from the said intended Canal, from or near the Town of Derby, to the ErewashCanal, in the Parish of Sandiacre, and

another Branch from the said Canal at or near Cox-bench, to or near Smalley Mill, in the Liberty of Smalley all in the County of Derby; and that the making and maintaining of such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts, together with such other Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary, and also proper Railways, and other Roads, to the said intended Canal and Collateral Cuts, will afford the Means of conveying, at an easy Expence, many Articles of Trade and-Merchandize, and open a Communication with several valuable Mines of Coal, Lead, Limestone, Ironstone;

Marble, and other Minerals, and will be in many other Respects of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill -for making and maintaining such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts as aforesaid, with proper Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr.

Mundy, &c.: and they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Henry Gough Calthorpe reported from the Com- Hemlingford mittee, to whom the Petition of Heneage Earl of Hundred Pe-

Jord and Henry Earl of Digby, and the humble Petition ing°the IIiota" of several other Persons, being Inhabitants and Land at Binning--Owners of the Hundred of Hemlingford, in the County ham in 1791 of Warwick, was referred; That the Committee had rePorle<l* examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Abraham Bracebridge, Esquire, being examined, said,

That in consequence of certain Riots in the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-one, divers Actions have been brought, and Verdicts obtained, against the Inhabitants of the said Hundred — That the Sums recovered in consequence of those Actions, together with the Costs attending the defending the same, amount to 29,383/. and upwards — That the Manner prescribed by Law for raising the Money so recovered against the said Hundred will be attended with the greatest Distress to the Inhabitants thereof, and may occasion the utter Ruin of many of them.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy raising Money upon the Hundred of Hemlingford, in the County of Warwick, for paying the Damages and Costs incurred on Account of the late Riot3 within the said Hundred than is authorized to be done by the Laws now in being: And that Sir Henry Gough Calthorpe, SirG ' eorge-AWilliam

Shuckburgh, and Sir Robert Luwlcy, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition

204

18 0 Februarii.

A. 1793.

Maisemofe A Petition of the several Persons, whose Karnes are Whisure Pe- thereunto subscribed, Proprietors, Owners, and Per-titlun* sons considerably interested of and in the Lands within the Parish of Maiscmore, in the County of Glou-tester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, besides Waste and other Commonable Lands, and the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable' Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, and all other the said Proprietors, Owners, and interested Persons, if the same, and also the said Waste and other Common-aide Lands, within the said Parish, were divided and inclosed, and Specific Parts thereof allotted in propor-

Third, intituled, "An Act for morb effectually repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the " County of Hereford, and the Road through the Parish " of Bromesberrozv, in the County of Gloucester, and " Corse Lawn, till it joins the Road from Gloucester to " Worcester, " was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cocks,

Sir George Cornewall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Carli thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, adjoining to, or near to, the Highway or Road leading from the City of in the County of Cumberland, to Sark Bridge and Scotch-dike, adjoining, or near to, the Shire of fries, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

Road

tion.

tion to their respective Rights and Properties therein; That the Road leading from the said City of Carlisle,

and that it would be highly beneficial to the said Owners, Proprietors, and other interested Persons, if the Lands within the said Parish, now subject to Tythe, or a Modus or Composition in u thereof, were discharged of the same by Allotments of Land made in Consideration thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, and for rendering the same, and all other Lands within the said Parish of Maisemore, exempt from Tythe, Modus, and Composition, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Pitt and Mr. Jenkinson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

through the Parish of Stamthe Hamlet of King-moor, and the several Parishes of Rocklijf, Kirklinion, Arthurel, and Kirkandrews upon Esk, to Sark Bridge and the Scotch-dike, is so ruinous and bad, especially in the Winter Season, that Travellers and Passengers cannot pass without great Difficulty and Danger, and the same cannot, by the ordinary Course of Law, be effectual lyamended, and kept in good Repair: And

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, repairing, widening, diverting and altering the Road from the said City of Carlisle to Sark Bridge and Scotch-dike aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; And report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Laurie, Lord Frederick Campbell, See.: A nd they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine the Clock, in the

Aldmrorth A Petition of the Right honourable James Lord

l"t^sure P*" Sherborne Baron of Shei'borne in the County of Glou- Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to scud for Per-cester. Lord of the Manor of Aldsworth, in the same sons. Papers, and Records.

County, and Proprietor of the greatest Part of the Lands within the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Aldsworth aforesaid, and the humble Petition of Thomas IVaine and Richard Betteridge, Proprietors of Land within the same Common Fields, Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the said James Lord Sherborne, and of the other Proprietors in the said Open and Common Fields, Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the said Manor and Parish, lie greatly intermixed, and dispersed in small Parcels, and are.

Oaicham Cn ca1 Petition r

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the hum- Me/touMo# hie Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Communication by Water between the River Trent and the Town of Oakham, in the County of Rutland, will be productive of great public Advantage, and a particular local Benefit to the said Town and the Neighbourhood thereof, and to several Parts of the Country through which the said Communication is intended to be made, by rendering the Carriage of Coal, Lime, Limestone, Lead,

v

till

d.

in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement and all Kinds of Merchandize, to the said Town and and that, if the same were divided and inclosed, and Neighbourhood, and to several Parts of the Counties specific Shares allotted to each Proprietor and Pelson of Rutland and Leicester, much cheaper and easier interested, according to his Property and Interest than it is at present; and that, by virtue of several therein, it would greatly improve their several Estates: Acts of Parliament, a Navigable Communication has And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to been undertaken, and is nearly perfected, between the bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said said River Trent and a Place called The Mill Close Open and Common Fields, Downs, Common Pas- Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the tures, and other Commonable Places, under such said County of Leicester, by the Rivers Soar, Wreak, Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem and Eye, and, by Surveys lately taken, it appears that

meet. a Navigable Cut or Canal for Boats and other Vcs-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, sels of heavy Burthen may be made from the said

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Navigation in Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of

Mr. John Pill and Mr. Webb do prepare, and bring Melton Mowbray aforesaid, into a Place called Cult's in, the same, Close, in the Parish of Oakham, in the County of Rut-

land: And therefore praying, That Leave may be A Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year last mentioned, in such Manner, and under such of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the gulations as to the Housp shall seem meet.

Ordered,

33 Geo. III.

18° Februarii.

m

Normauton

Exchange

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the enlarged: And therefore praying, Leav6 maybe Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, in such mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall appear to them, to the House: shall seem meet.

And it is referred to Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Noel Ed- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the wards, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Mom- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber j mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and shall appear to them, to the House:

Records. And it is referred to Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Lord

George Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet To-mor-A Petition of Dame Elizabeth Heathcote, Widow, row Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's and John Heathcote, Esquire, Guardians and Trustees Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers,

Fctitbn°SUre Person and Estates of Sir Gilbert Heathcote, of and Records.

Normanton, in the County of Rutland, Baronet (a Minor), and the Reverend William Tait, Clerk, Master A Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge of Arts, Rector of the Rectory and Parish of Norman- the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Twiford ton, in the Diocese of Peterborough, in the said County Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen-of Rutland, was presented to the House, and read; ing the Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, to

Setting forth, That there are, within the Lordship and East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham,

Parish of Normanton, in the said County, about Three and from Little Drayton to Twiford Bridge, in the said hundred Acres of Old Inclosure, and certain Open County, was read a Second Time.

Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Heath Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gaily Grounds, containing together, by Estimation, about Knight, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet Five hundred Acres; and that Sir Gilbert Heathcote, this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speakers Baronet, is Lord of the Manor of Normanton aforesaid. Chamber, and sole Proprietor of the Lands within the said

Parish, excepting about Eight Acres of Old Inclosure, A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from and about Nine Acres of Open Field Land, which thereunto subsbribed, being Owners and Occupiers of are Glebe, belonging to the Rectory, and which last- Lands lying in and near to the Line of an intended ot

mentioned Nine Acres lie dispersedly in the said Open Navigation from the Town of Leicester, to communi- against the Fields; and that the said Sir Gilbert Heathcote is cate with the River Nen, in or near the Town of North- Leicester Patron of the said Rectory and Parish Church of Nor-ampton, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Navigation manton, and the Reverend William Tait, Clerk, Master Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- Bl11, of Arts, is Rector of the said Rectory of Normanton, gation from the Town of Leicester to communicate and as such entitled to the said Glebe Lands, and all with the River in or near the Town of - 1

Tythes arising within the said Parish; and that it ampton, and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said

would be a great Convenience and Advantage to the

Navigation

and Setting forth, That the Scheme of

m

bn: it

tsib-

i i r

i ! t

Pnistone Bridge, itc. Roads Petition.

said Sir Gilbert Heathcote, as Proprietor of the said the said intended Navigation appears to the Petitioners Lordship, and to the said William Tait, as Rector of to have been only recently in Contemplation, and hastily the said Parish, if some Exchanges were made of the and prematurely adopted upon speculative Grounds, Old Inclosure, and if the said Open Fields, Meadows, without sufficient Knowledge and Examination of the Pastures, and Commonable Heath Grounds, which are Country through which it is to pass, and without the now intermixed and dispersed, were to be inclosed and Prospect of being productive of any great public specifically allotted to the said Proprietor and Rector, Utility, there being other Canals nearly parallel to the according to their respective Right, Property, and In- Line of the said intended Navigation; and that the said terest therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may intended Navigation is proposed to pass through a very be given to bring in a Bill for exchanging the Old rich and valuable Tract of Land (a considerable Part of Inclosure, inclosing, dividing, and allotting the said which is worth from Thirty to Forty Shillings per Acre Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable p and in which frequent Inconveniencies and Heath Grounds, and for using and enjoying the same. Distresses have heretofore been experienced in dry Sum-in such Manner as to the House shall seem proper. mers from the Scarcity of Water, which will be greatly

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, augmented if the said proposed Undertaking should be pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And carried into Execution; and that it appears to the Peti-that Mr. Heathcote and Mr. Noel Edwards do prepare, tioners that the present Line of the said intended Navi-and bring in, the same. gation might be varied with great Advantage by carrying

the same in a more direct Course from Market Harbo-A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are rough, to JVelton, in the County of Northampton, by thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act, which Alteration the Line of the said intended Naviga-passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His pre- tion would be shortened Eight Miles and upwards, would sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and pass through a Country less valuable and circuitous, have

" widening the Road leading from Penistone Bridge, " in the County of York, to Bridge, in

" the County of Derby, and the Roads severally leading from Bamford Woodgate, over Yorkshire Bridge, " to the Guide Post on Thornhill Moor, to, or near, " the Eighth Mile Stony, on Hathersage Moor, and " to the Village of Darwent, in the said County of " Derby," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a Progress has been made in executing the said Act, and a considerable Debt hath been contracted on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be completely amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and Vo l. 48.

a better Level, afford more Advantages to the Town of Market Harborough, open a better Communication with Birmingham, and the Severn and Mersey Navigations, and a shorter Carriage for Coals from Staffordshire and Warwickshire, and, in general, would be productive of much greater public Utility, and less injurious Consequences to the Property and Estates of Individuals, as has been certified to the Petitioners by the Report of an experienced Surveyor; and that repeated Applications and Recommendations were made, on Behalf of the Petitioners and others, to the Projectors of the said intended Navigation, to alter the present Line thereof while the Scheme was in Agitation, and before the present Line was finally taken, but such Applications and Recommendations were

3 G rejected

2Q6.

18® Febru

A. 1793.

rejected by the Projectors (notwithstanding the obvious A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Churc Advantages of the said propoaed Alteration) without and others, residing in the County of Somerset, whose any Survey being taken, or other Investigation made, Names are thereunder written, was presented to the p^1, to ascertain the Propriety and Utility thereof; and that House, and read; Setting forth, That the Hoad leading 1 the said Undertaking also appears to the Petitioners from the Bridgewater Turnpike Road, at a Place called to be consequential and dependent upon another Under- Fore Cross, in the Parish of Churchill, in the said taking, now in Contemplation, for making a Navi- County, through Part of the Parishes and Tythings of gable Canal from Braunston, in the County of Nor- Churc, Langford, Berrington, fVrickford, Blagdon, thampton, to Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, Ubley, Compton Martin, West North Wid-

combe, Sutton Week, Bishop's Sutton, Knighton

Sutton, Chew Magna, Staunton Drero, Staunton , Chehooood, Houndstreet, and Marksbury, to the Place where it joins the Bath Turnpike Road, at or near

which, if ever proceeded in, cannot be completed for some Years, and the Petitioners therefore submit, whether the said Undertaking (if its Merits were unquestionable) is not at present premature, and too speculative

and contingent to receive the Sanction of Parliament, Marksbury, and a Road branching from the above Road and whether it will not be proper that a sufficient Time at West Harptry aforesaid, through Part of the Parishes shall be allowed for ascertaining the Success of the said and Tythings of West Harptry, East Harptry, Coley, previous Undertaking, and more maturely and fully Litton, Chewton Mendip, and where it joins

examining the comparative Merits of the Line of the the Bath and Wells Turnpike Road, and also, another intended Navigation as now taken, and the Line as Road branching from the above First-mentioned Road proposed to be altered by the Petitioners: And therefore at West Harptry aforesaid, through Part of the Parishes praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, of West Harptry and Compton Martin, to the Blue

" ..... Bowl inn there, where it joins the Bristol and Wells

Turnpike Road, and also, another Road branching from the above First-mentioned Road at Berrington aforesaid, through Part of the Parishes of Berrington and Wrington, to the Town of and also, another

against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to w'hom the said Bill is committed; and that

the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against Iioad branching from the above First-mentioned Road

the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit. at a Place> cailed The N,ne at Norih

rp, , n , ... , . , . over Widcoinbe Common, through the Tything of South

.kPlfZf-r?"Cv"Kel hf f'.i, fTidcmbe, ud to Cob, rvhcrl it joi J Ih/aforesad

Lid pZhn ' "g Brauch ztCoki/oforesM, ore very much out of Repair,

in several Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and that it would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and other Persons residing near, or having Occasion to travel

Bath Roads A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition. thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Six several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen upon, the said Roads, if the same were properly formed, Anne, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late widened, and made commodious for Travellers and Majesty King George the First, in the Twelfth, Thir- Carriages: And therefore praying. That Leave may be tieth, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of his given to bring in a Bill for making, amending, widening, late Majesty King George the Second, and in the First and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, by such Ways Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repair- and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall ing, amending, and enlarging several Roads therein think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hippisley Co.re, the Lord Bayham, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

described, leading to and from, and lying near to, the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Acts have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the

Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and which Money, together with the Tolls, have been duly have Power to send for Papers, and Records,

applied according to the Directions of the said Acts;

and that the said Debt cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads be properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts,

Petition.

A Petition of Emanuel Muller and John Rapp, was Muller and presented to the House, and read; praying, That RaPP'a Nat Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier and Mr. Henry Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

which is now expiring, be continued; and it would be much more convenient for the Trustees, and beneficial to the said Rqads, if the Powers of the said several Acts, together with such Additions, Alterations, and Amendments, as may be requisite, and may be made thereto, were consolidated and comprised in One Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes afore- A Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Lord Spalding, said, in such Manner, and under such Regulations apd Boston, and the humble Petition of the several other Mo^}toP' Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet. Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on

Ordered, Thu the mid Petition be retermd to the g*? «"d °?eg Impri^‘3„ o{ »""*

Consideration of n Committee: And that they do exe- mt % ?‘* Pf^‘. of &**' Mmllm, Pumm

mine the Matter thereof; end report the seine, as it Botbeci utd Gedw, in the County of

shall aonear to them to the House Lincolwas presented to the House, and read; Setting

ppe* ' forth, That there are, within the said Parishes of Moul-

And it is referred to Mr. Hippisley Care, the Lord ton and Gedney, certain Commonable Salt Marshes and Bayham, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- unprofitable Grounds, and also within the Parishes of ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; Spalding, Whaplode, and Holbech, in the said County and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and of Lincoln, certain Parcels of private Salt Marshes,

Records. which sure, at Spring Tides, overflowed with the Sea,

and ‘

jj

t

k

33 Geo. III. 18

207

and which contain in the Whole about Five thousand Expence than is how paid for the same by Land Car- Acres; and that the said Salt Marshes are, at present, of riage, and also greatly tend to the Increase of Trade little Value, and the embanking and draining thereof, and Commerce, and be of public Utility: And there* and preventing the same from being Overflowed with fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in the Sea, would be of great Advantage to all Persons in- a Bill for making and completing a Navigable Cut terested therein: Ana therefore praying, That Leave or Canal from the River Ancholme to, or near to, may be given to bring in a Bill for embanking and the Parish of Caistor, in the County of Lincoln, ana draining the same Marshes, under such Rules, Orders, for maintaining the same, in such Manner, and and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet. under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the meet.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Consideration of a Committee: And that they do shall appear to them, to the House: examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it

And it is referred to Mr. Drake, Junior, Mr. Henry shall appear to them, to the Hodse:

Hoburt, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn- And it is referred to Mr. Cawthorne, Sir John ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; Thorold, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Records. Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers,

and Records.

lid Ptti-icii reported.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Governor and Company A Petition of the Right honourable Lord , Sleaford and of the Bank of England was referred; That the Com- and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Taturshall mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves "eU* and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read;

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Setting forth, That the Road leading from the East Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow- Side of the Market Place, in the Town of New Slea-eth; viz. ford, to and through the Town of Anwick, and also, the

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Road leading from near the South End of the Town of Soane being examined, said, That by virtue of North Kyme, through the said Town over Billinghay

~ ' ' Dales, to the River Witham, at Tattershall Ferry, and

also the Road leading from the opposite Side of the said Ferry to the Town of Tattershall, are much out of Repair narrow and incommodious, and much

several Acts, sundry Houses, Ground, and Premises, bad been purchased, the Edifice of The Bank much enlarged, and the Passages leading thereto made more commodious: That the Governor and Company of The

Bank are now possessed of certain Houses and Ground annoyed by Water in wet Seasons, and cannot be suf-

situate along the East. Side of Princes Street, and certain Premisses on the South Side of Lothbury, between Princes Street and Bartholomeio Lane, and also the Whole of the West Side of Bartholomeio Lane, except Three Houses adjoining to LothburyThat the Houses and Premisses on the South Side of and the said Houses on the West Side of Bartholomew are the only Premisses which adjoin or intersect the Edifice of The Bank, and the other Premisses of which Bank

ficiently amended, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, and the said Ferry is also very inconvenient for the Passage of Cattle and Carriages; and that if proper Powers were given to amend, widen, improve, and keep in Repair, the said Roads, and also to make public the present private Carriage or Drove Road, leading from the said Town of Anwickto North Kyme Praie Grounds, and also to make and maintain a New

Road from thence over the said are the Proprietors; - and it would add very much to the Praie Grounds, and certain High Lands in the Town-Security and Safety of the said Edifice if the said ship of North' Kyme, to communicate with the before-Buikfings were taken down. mentioned Road near North Kyme Town, and also to

A Member present: And, build and support a Bridge over the said River Witham

John Winter, Esquire, informed your Committee, at the said Ferry, it would be a great Advantage and That The Bank are desirous of purchasing all the said Accommodation to all Persons residing near, or having Premisses, which will enable them to enlarge their said Occasion to pass along the said Roads, and would open Edifice, and to insulate the same. a short and convenient Communication between the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to East and West Parts of the County of Lincoln: And ' " ' " " ' of ' ‘ ' *

suable the Governor and Company of the Bank England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to* the Bank of England: And that Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Alderman Watson, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ihltlxy i Castor Rwlltti-

therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the above Purposes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cawthorne, Mr. Vyner, &c.:

Owners in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine House, and read; Setting forth, That, if a Cut or of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Canal from the River Ancholme, in the Parish of South Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Kelsey, through the several Parishes of South Kelsey,

North Kelsey, and Nettleton, to or near to the Parish Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, accord- Leeds and of Caistor, was made Navigable for Boats, Barges, ing to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Pro- Liverpool and other Vessels, great Benefit and Advantage pnetors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liver-would arise to the Land Owners, Merchants, Trades- pool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, |tesented.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Middleton, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Land

men, and other Inhabitants of the said Towns of Cautor, Market Raisin, and also the Inhabitants of the Tract of Country adjacent to the said Navigable Canal, by facilitating the Carriage of Cools, Com, Wood, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, at less Vol. 48.

and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation; and for other Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second Time.

A Bill

208 18* FebruariL A. 1793.

Bill to extend A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the And the Witness added, That the Tolls authorized

te* aTio65* Canal Navigation from Manchester, to or near Ashton to be collected upon the said District of Road are in- uiderLyne, tender Lyne and Oldkam,\o extend the said Canal from sufficient for the Purposes of paying off the present and Oldham a Place called Clayton Demesne, in the Township of Debt, and making the Improvements proposed for,

Canal, com- Droylsden, in the Parish of Manchester, aforesaid, to a effectually carrying the Purposes of the said Act into muted. Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton Norris, leading Execution.

between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for House known by the Sign of the Three Boars Heads, continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the and from, or nearly from, a Place called Taylor's Barn, Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the Seventeenth in the Township of Reddish, to Denton, at a Place called Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen-Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading be- ing the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West tween Stockport and Ashton under Lyne, and also from Riding of the County' of York, to the Town of in

the intended Aqueduct Bridge'at or near a Place the same Riding, so far as relates to the First District called Waterhouses, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne, of the Roads mentioned in the said Act: And that Mr. aforesaid, to Hollinwood, in the Township of Oldham and Mr. Duncombe, do prepare, and bring

aforesaid, was read a Second Time. in, the same.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackbume, &c.: And they are to meet A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Bubwii this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Harletl

Chamber. Estates in the Townships of Bubuith and Harlethorpe, p^*0"

in the Parish of in the East Riding of the '

Knotting!y A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are County of York, was presented to the House, and

Inclosure and thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors read; Setting forth, that there are, within the said

Petition* anc'en* Common Right Houses, and Frontsteads, Townships, several Open Common Fields, Meadows,

Lands, and Gr ounds, within the Township of Knot- Pasture Lands, and Waste Grounds; and that the tingly, in the County of Yot'k, was presented to the Lands of the respective Proprietors thereof lie inter-House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within mixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their the said Township, divers Commons and Waste present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Grounds, and also certain Ings, or Meadow Grounds, Improvement, but, if the same were divided and in the Property of the Petitioners, and others, which, in closed, it would be very advantageous to all the Par-their present State, are incapable of any considerable ties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Improvement, but might be greatly improved if the Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Pur-same were divided and inclosed, drained, and em- poses above mentioned, under such Regulations and banked :And therefore praying, That Leave may be Restrictions as the House shall think fit. given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a

before mentioned, in such Manner as to the House pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that shall seem meet. Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the bring in, the same.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- .

amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open -shall appear to them to the House: mon Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

And it referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, within the Townships or Graveships - committed.

&c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamberof Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and York, was read a Second Time.

Records. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. 1

force, Mr. Duncombe, Sec.: And they are to meet Halifax and Mr. Wilbcrfore reported from the Committee, to this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Huddersfield whom the Petition of several of the Trustees ap- Chamber.

UoadPeti- pointed for the First District of Road, to wit, from '

twn reported. Halifax to Huddersfield, by virtue of an Act of Parlia- The Counsel and Agents before mentioned being

ment, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend Right of His present Majesty King George the Third, for re- the said Committee delivered in to the House One of pairing and widening the Road from the Town of Ha- the said Lists, which had been struck by the said lifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, was re- the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Daniel Parker Coke, Esquire, and the Right honourable Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that Dudley Ryder, being added, the same was called over; the Committee had examined the Matter of the said end is follows:

Petition, and had directed him to report the same, James Martin, Esquire, Ja?nes Gordon, Esquire, John as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Balfour Esquire, Tfiamas JVallace, Esquire, the Ho-Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at nourable Poulett, Nathaniel Hal/ied, Es-

the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is quire, the Honourable Cropley Ashley, Paul Le Mesurier, as followeth; viz. Esquire, Thomas Fydell, Esquire, Reginald Pole Carew,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Esquire, Thomas Kemp, Esquire, Francis Grego}', Es-'said Act was read;And: quire, Scroop Bernard,. Esquire, Daniel Parker Coke,

Air. Andrew Duncan being examined, said, That Esquire, the Right honourable Dudley Ryder, several Parts of the said District of Road have been And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select repaired, amended, and altered, for which a consider- Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition able Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Cre- of John IValsh, Esquire, who claims to be an Elector dit of the Tolls, which still remains due; but that the of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Whole of the said Road cannot be completed, repaired, Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York; and also, amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the of the Petition of the several Persons whose Names said Act be further continued, and some additional are thereunto subscribed, who claim to be Electors of Powers granted. Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough

of

33 Geo. III.

18° Februarii.

209

of Pontefract, in the county of ;York, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, That they would well and truly try the Merits of the said Petitions, and a true Judgment give according to the Evidence.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith,- in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Malt Bill yassed.

An

ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing.and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That it is expedient that, in Motion for all Bills now depending, or which shall hereafter be introduced into this House, for making a Navigable vi^atbn Bills Canal, Provision be made to limit, regulate, and apply tobecon-the Produce of the Tolls granted by every such Bill, sidereal in a in such Manner as may best reconcile the Interests of Committee, the Undertakers with the Public Benefit, and also to regulate the Transfer of Shares in such Undertakings in future.

Ordered, That the stud Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

land Tax Bill

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raided in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Ordered, That the several Accounts, Papers, and East India Reports, which have been presented to this House in Acwmts this Session of Parliament, from the Directors of the &c- referrej East India Company, be referred to the Consideration to a Com* of a Committee of the whole House. mittee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts! Papers, and Reports.'

Antfrather taster, &c.

Writ.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motions re-posed, That it is not for the Honour -or Interest of *pe«u«ig the Great Britain to make War upon on Account of Fraiic?.

the Interned Circumstances of that Country, for the be, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Purpose either of suppressing or punishing any Opi-Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service nions and Principles, however pernicious in their of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety- Tendency, which may prevail there, or of establishing

among the French People any particular Form of Go vemment;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Three.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Anstruther Easlet', Anstruther Wester, Pittenweem, Crail, and Kilrenny, in the room of Sir John Anstruther, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Tellers for the Yeas

i fMr. Adam, \

J'\Mr. Lambton: i

8 {Mr. Powys, \

*\Mr. Jetikinson: J

44-

270.

Stpply de* lerrti

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the particular Complaints which have been stated against the Conduct of the French Govemr ment are not of a Nature to justify War in the First upon Wednesday Instance, without having attempted to obtain Redress by Negociation;

\te»od Mc&m deferred*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

Resolved, That this House will.

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted And the previous Question being pht, That that to His Majesty. Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that in the late whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Negociation between His Majesty's Ministers and the for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. Agents of the French Government, the said Ministers

did not take such Measures as were likely to procure ..... v xi -n txt> . Redress, without a Rupture, for the Grievances of

Si th» "PO" % "7 % whkh tV,ey cmpLined; and particularly that they

S.5 Morning next, resoWe ttee f into a Committee of the distinctly to the Free* Government any

whole House, upon l„e Bdl to prov.de for the Fa- T„,m> r„„,lhp A „hW. no ill

deferred.

serving

and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Yeajr of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing " into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to vthe Militia in that Part of Great Britain called v England

... rT, - , it..- ..... Terma and Conditions, the Accession to which, on the

of1?eTS i" cl H °,ser,e " Mduta p of would induce His Majesty to persevere

of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein; inaSjstemof Neutrality;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it does not appear that the Security of

Mutiny Bill

dtftrtw.

Europe, and the Rights of Independent Nations, which have been stated as Grounds of War against France, have been attended to by His Majesty's Ministers in the Case of Poland, iti the Invasion of which unhappy whole £louse, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Country, both in the last Year, and more recently. Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army the most open Contempt of the Law of Nations, and and their Quarters. the most unjustifiable Spirit of Aggrandizement has.

Vol. 4JL 3 H bri?1)

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

\8°- — 19* Februarii.

A.\l 93.

been manifested, without having produced, as far as House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby , and appears to this House, any Remonstrance from His the Speaker s Chamber, of ail Strangers.

Majesty's Ministers; And he went accordingly; and returned.

And the previous Question being put, That that Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending tins Question be now put; House, do go into the Places appointed for the Mem-

It passed in the Negative. hers of this House in Westminster , and clear the

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* same of all Strangers, and summon the Members posed. That it is the Duty of His Majesty^ Ministers, there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to in the present Crisis, to advise His Majesty against en- attend their Service in the House immediately; and if tering into Engagements, which may prevent Great he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, Britain from making a separate Peace, whenever the who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately Interests of His Majesty and His People may render into his Custody.

Such a Measure adviseable, or which may countenance an Opinion in Europe, that His Majesty is acting, in concert with other Powers, for the unjustifiable Purpose of compelling the People of France to submit to u. Form of Government not approved by that Nation;

And the previous Question being put; That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Trade Acts deferred.

The other Order of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to sit till after Tyro of the Clock on Tuesday Morning;

Committee Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve on American itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act *f for preventing certain Instruments from being re-" " quired from Ships belonging to the United States of " America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited " Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on " Trade and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the " said United States;" and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the Powers

And he went accordingly;

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren , Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Letds and Thel/nd*

Mr; Walker; ^ve

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Marine Mu-Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces Uny while on Shore; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Ipswich a»A „ ~ A _ ... Act for more effectually repairing tire Roads from Cleydcm

of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His Ipswich to the Scole Inn Road, and from Cleydon to the 1051 s 1 present Majesty for giving His Majesty certain £ &m( Road at lhe End of g* Bound.

" otvers for the better carrying on frade and Com- of ,ge Parlsh of and from Yaxley Bull to

merce between the Subjects His Majesty s Do- E and from £ to Latham Green, in the County of minions, and the Inhabitants of the United States of Vithoutaoy Amendment: And also,

„ to the JTnide and Comnierceof this King- Lords have commanded os to acquaint this Ttw Lord,

House, That their Lordships will proceed further in proceed

the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow onMr Hasl-

Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall. And then the Messengers withdrew.

ingas Trial.

" dom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles therein " mentioned and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade " between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions " and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to

" !he United States of America, so far as the same re- ^"Election ^d'Wn for "the BoroughTciifim " '*te to the Trade and Commerce carried onbetween Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of beam, being £*7

w this Kingdom, and the Inhabitants of the Countries.

belonging to the said United States. The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker,

to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and re-And then the House adjourned till this Morning, quire the Attendance of the Members on the Business

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Clifton Dart-the Petition of John Seale, Esquire, complaining of aa mouth Hard-

Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 19*

Anno Georgii IBeg is, 1793.

of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Seventy-three Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Pha veils.

Mr, S1RDE RED, Tha/t the Serjeant at Arms attend-" ing this House, do go, with the , into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there Jo attend their Service in the Home immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

33 Geo. III.

20° Februarii.

m

Mercurii, 20* Februarii j

Anno 33* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1793.

Pray ers.

tal of Mr.

tilings.

f\RDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to minster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending -this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire,

Borough of Clifton Dartmouth , in the County of Devon, ipto Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Ten Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, that executing the Office of Lord Great Chamberlain, it is his Duty to attend in Person, at the Trial on the Impeachment of Warren Hastings, Esquire; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Ten other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioner.

And the Names of Fourteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Sir Adam Baronet, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Name of the Honourable Major General Thomas Bruce being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he before stated to the House on the

were called over; and they went to the Places in West- nth Day of this Instant February; and having verified

I:.

'.h

minster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Oifum'Datt- The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the month Hard- Petition of John Seale, Esquire, complaining of an undue

Election and Return for the Borough of Clifton Dart-aktel. mouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the Merits of the 'said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and re-

the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Fifteen other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the 9aid Names, the Name of John Baring, Esquire* was drawn, who, having sworn that he was Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, was excused from serving on the said Committee , and the Names of Thirty-nine other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside; Seventeen on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Six against whose Election Petitions were depending; Nine as then serving on Select Committees; Six on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees; and One as having voted at the Election.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened,

to go,

quire the Attendance of the Members on the Business the Counsel and Agents withdrew, of the House.

And he went accordingly And being returned;

on Mr. Hast-tt^iTriaL

Tt* Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr.

will proceed Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Pfctition reported.

Proceedings Clifton . Itotmouth Hudness Itotwn Petition,

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker , anil One hundred and Three Members being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in tQ the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

Lord Frederick Campbell reported frotn the Com- Loch Clip mittee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and and Loch the humble Petition of the Gentlemen, Land Owners, Crinnu Canal Merchants, Traders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, My.

John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, said. That

Canal, navigable for

it is practicable to make a Ships and other Vessels, from Loch Gilp to Loch Cri-The Order of the Day for taking the said Petition, nan, in Argyllshire, passingthrough the several Parishes complaining of an undue Election and Return for the mentioned in the Petition; That the making of such Vol. 48. Canal,

212

20° Febru

A. 1793.

Canal, and also proper Towing Paths and Roads to harbouring a much larger Number of Vessels than can the same, will be of great Advantage to the Trade, now lie with Safety at the Quays, which would tend to Fisheries, Manufactures, and Agriculture carried on the Increase of Navigation, and Improvement of Trade

within the said Town and Port of Southampton, and eventually increase the Commerce and Navigation of the Kingdom: Then,

A Copy of a Charter, granted in the Reign of King John, was produced, and read, whereby it appeared that

ampton, the Warden, Scholars, Clerks of Saint Mary College, Winchester, and the Rectors and Vicars of the several Parishes of Holy Rhood, Saint Michael, Saint John, and Saint Lawrence, in the said Town of Southampton.

And the Witness added, That in order effectually to

in that Part of the Country, and to the Kingdom in general.

Mr. Robert Fraser being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal the Corporation of Southampton are entitled to several from Loch Gilp to Loch Crinan, in the Shire of Argyll; exclusive Privileges, and also to divers Customs, Duties, And that Lord Frederick Campbell, the Marquis of Lome, and Payments from Persons using the said Port; which and Sir Archibald Edmonstone, do prepare, and bring in, Payments, the Witness said, will not be sufficient to carry the same. the intended Plans into Execution.

The Witness further said, That the said Corporation Southampton Mr. Amyatt reported from the Committee, to whom are willing to give up such exclusive Rights, as well as Pet*t'on of several of the Trustees appointed in that the present Wharfage Dues should be regulated, and wnrepor . ai)(j an ^ct, rna(je in tjje Thirty-first Year of His that a new Book of Rates should be made to establish present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for taking down the Harbour Dues, for the Purpose of carrying the Imand rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints, provements into Execution.

" within the Town and County of the Town of South- And being further examined, he said, That it would " ampton, and for purchasing Land for the Purposes tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Town, and " of a Church Yard, for the Use of the said Parish," be of Convenience and Benefit to the Parties concerned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the if the said Corporation were empowered to exchange cer-Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to tain Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, with the Provost report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and Scholars of Queen's College, Oxford, Warden of and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards the Hospital of God's House, in the Town of South delivered it in at the Clerk s Table; Where the same

was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: Whereby it appeared that the Trustees thereby appointed, were authorized to borrow

and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money,

not exceeding the Sum of 5,000l., upon the Credit perfect Police of the said Town, it will be necessary of the Rates or Assessments by the said Act granted: that certain Inconveniencies and Abuses which have And, arisen, and been frequently respecting Sedan

Mr. Willey Reveley being examined, said, That the Chairs, should be prevented.

Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Act, by taking down the old Church, and fixing on for abolishing certain Dues, called Petty Customs, a Plan for building a new Church suitable and proper and for improving the Trade and Navigation of for the Parishioners; but on an Estimate and Computa- Port of Southampton, for making a convenient Dock tion of the Expences of re-building the said Church, it is for the Security of Ships, for extending the Quays and found that the said Sum of 5,000 1.will not be sufficient Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour

tore-build and finish the same; and that though the there, for regulating the Wharfage, and for imposing Rate raised will much more than pay the Interest of the certain Duties for those Purposes, for enabling the said Sum of5, 0001, the Trustees are restrained from bor-Corporation of the said Town to exchange certain rowing more than that Sum. Lands and Hereditaments, and for regulating and

And the Witness added. That the said Act is, in licensing Sedan Chairs and Chairmen within the said several other Respects, defective. Town: And that Mr. Amyatt and Sir Henry Martin

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for do prepare, and bring in, the same, amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in

the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Ma- A Petition of several of the Subscribers for making Petition jesty, intituled, "An Act for taking down and re-build- a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at, against th* J‘ ing the Parish Church of All Saints, within the Town or near Sozverby Bridge Wharf, in the West Riding of " and County of the Town of Southampton, and for the County of York, to the Canal of his Grace the " purchasing Land for the Purpose of a Church Yard Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in and

"for the Use of the said Parish And that Mr. Amyatt the County Palatine of Lancaster, on Behalf of them- Bury and Sir Henry Martin do prepare, and bring in, the selves and the rest of the Subscribers to the said Unsame. was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That early in this Session of Parlia-Smithemploa Mr. Amyatt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petitioners and others of the said Subscribers

Harbour, &c. the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the applied to the House for Leave to make and 1-

Town of Southampton, in Common Council assembled, plete the said Canal, and a Bill has been brought in was referred; That the Committee had examined the for that Purpose, which is now before a Committee Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to of the House; and that, since the said Bill was report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; brought into the House, another Bill has been and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards seated, for making a Navigable Canal from a Canal delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was now making at, or nearly at, a Place called Hinder

lead; and is as followeth ;viz. Mill, in the Parish of Bury, in the said County Pala-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. tine, into the Colder Navigation in the Parish of Ha-Thomas Ridding being examined, said, That the Port lifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, with of Southampton is a very ancient One, fromi which, of a Navigable Branch from Bolton, to a Place at, or late Years, a considerable Commerce has been carried near to Red Moss, in the Township of Blackrod, in on to Foreign Parts, as well as Coastwise, and is ca- the said County Palatine; and representing to the pable of being greatly improved by a Bason and Wet House, that Part of the Line of the said intended Hocks being constructed, capable of receiving and Canal, from Bridge to Red Moss aforesaid, is

04 projwsriJ

1 a: fc (w fti hi n

kfi

ikif

koi

far

k

tin

Or

ks

Petition reported.

5

hr

lit

till

ki

k

33 Geo. III.

20° Febru

213

lw

it

proposed to be made nearly parallel to the Line of the Canal proposed to be made by the Petitioners and the said other Subscribers, and is, in some Parts, within the Distance of Two Hundred Yards, and, for an Extent of Four Miles together, within the Distance of about One Mile, and the said Canal will also intersect the Line of the Canal proposed to be made by the Petitioners at, or near, a Place called upon

a lower Level than the Canal proposed to be made by the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners apprehend it will not be practicable to make the said Canal from Sowerby Bridge to Red Moss aforesaid, and to supply the same with sufficient Water, without Injury to the Petitioners said intended Undertaking, as well as to the Owners and Occupiers of Mills upon the neighbouring Streams; and the Petitioners beg Leave to submit to the Consideration of the House, that, if both the said Bills should be allowed to pass, the Petitioners are apprehensive that the Carriage of Goods upon the said Canals would be so divided, as that, unless a very high Rate of Tonnage was allowed to be collected from the Public, it would not produce a Sum sufficient to defray the Expences of making and maintaining both the said Canals; and that the Petitioners can make it appear to the House,

inserted iq-- The Ipswich Journal Threfe Times in the Month of September last, and also to be affixed upon

the Doors: of the Twelve Churches belonging to the Town of Ipswich on Three Sundays in the same Month; and that it is not proposed to erect any Turnpike, or collect any Toll for Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, passing along any of the Streets of the said Town; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act for the Paving

" the Town of Ipswich" was read: And,

Mr. George Preston being examined, said, That the Powers of the said Act have been found defective and insufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended; for, that the Streets, Lanes, and Public Passages of the said Town are very ill paved, and not properly cleansed* lighted, or watched, and are rendered incommodious by various Encroachments and Annoyances; and that the better paving the said Streets, Lanes, and Public Pas-

that the Canal proposed to be made by them will be sages, and remedying the Defects in the said Act, will of much greater Public Utility than the other Canal be of Advantage to the Inhabitants, and to all Persons !n many Respects, and in particular, as it will effect resorting to the said Town.

a Junction with the Canal of the Duke of Bridgewater That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

near Manchester, and thereby open a Communication paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise between the Port of Hull and the Ports of Liverpool and improving, the Town of in the County of

Bristol, and with the Cities of Worcester and Glou- , and for removing and preventing Encroach-

cester, the Towns of Birmingham and Wolverhampton, ments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein: And that and die Potteries of Burslem and Etruria, and with Sir Charles and Sir John Rous do prepare.

many Inland Counties through the Medium of the Staffordshire and several other Canals in this Kingdom: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the

and bring in, the same.

A Bill for effectually carrying into execution an Act of Parliament, of the Thirtieth Year of His pre-

said Bill for making a Canal from the said Manchester, sent Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable

Bolton, and Bury Canal, to the Colder Navigation, and another Canal, from the said Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, to Red Moss aforesaid, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly at, a Place called

Stowmarket and Ipswich Navigation Bill committed.

Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Amyatt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Worcester

Ipswich Paving Petition itpotUd.

Hindes Mill, in the Parish of Bury, in the County the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in

Palatine of Lancaster, to and into the Colder Naviga- execution certain Acts of Parliament, of the Twelfth tion, at or near to Sowerby Bridge, in the Parish of Year of the Reign of Queen the Twelfth Year

Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of the Reign of King George the First, the Twenty-also another Navigable Canal from the said Manchester, second Year of the Reign' of King George the Second, Bolton, and Bury Canal, at Bolton, to a Place at or near and the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to Red Moss, in the Township of Blackrod, in the said for repairing the Road from the City of Worcester to County of Lancaster, be read a Second Time; and the Borough of Droitwich, and several other Roads in that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, the County of Worcester, was referred; That the Com-against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think mittee had examined, and found that the Standing fit. Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at been complied with; and that the Committee had ex-the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the amined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed

him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Coningsby Norbury being examined, said, That

and Droitwich Roads Petition re*1 ported.

said Petition.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that such Part of the Standing Orders of the House, relative to

Paving Bills, as requires Notice to be given at' the the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, had not been complied said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable with, owing to such Orders having been omitted to Sums of Money, of which the Sum of £. 3,700 how be inserted in a printed Book of Standing Orders lately remains due: That in consequence of the making of published, which the Person employed to solicit the the Droitwich Canal, the Tolls granted by the said Bill had obtained, and which purported to be a Col- Acts have been so much diminished, as not to produce lection of all the Orders relative to Private Bills; but, a sufficient Sum to amend and keep in Repair the Whole

being desirous that the Application should be made public, did, of his own Accord, cause Notice to be Vol. 48.

of the Roads in the said Acts put under the Care and Management of the Trustees, particularly the Road

31 leading

214 20° Februariu . 1793.

leading from Netherwick Bridge to and from

a Place called The Cross of the Hands, near Goodnesi Farm, in the Parish of Hartlebury, to a Place called The Spout, in or near the Parish of Hagiey, and from the Road between Hampton Lane and Low Hill, to Mustard Green, and also the Road from Lane,

leading from Hampton Lane into the Bewdley Turnpike Road, between Ombersley and the Mitre Oak.

That the said Money now due and owing cannot be repaid, nor the Roads now kept in Repair by the said Trustees be continued in good and sufficient Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, the Tolls in some Respects increased or varied, and the Powers of the said Acts altered and enlarged — And the Witness added, that he apprehends the several Provisions necessary for the above Purposes would be better understood, and more easily executed, if the same were contained in One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending and keening in Repair the Roads leading from the City of Worcester to Spades-bourne Bridge, and from a Place called The Chapel on the Bridge, in the Borough of Droitwich, to Bradley Brook, and from Woolmore Green to the Worcester Turnpike Road at Park and from Droitwich to Holt Fleet, and from the Bottom of Red Hill, in the Parish of Claines, into the Turnpike Road between Worcester and Ombersley, in the County of Worcester, and certain Lanes and Streets within or near to the City of Worcester and Borough of Droitwich aforesaid: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Hanbury Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Chqrch Peti- the Petition of William , Clerk, Rector of the

(ionported, parish Church of Hanbury, in the County of Worcester, Clement Lucas and William Parkes, Churchwardens of the said Parish, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants, or interested in the Seats or Pews in the said Church, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Coningsby Norbury, being examined, said, That the Tower of the Parish Church of Hanbury having become exceedingly ruinous, has, in Part, been taken down, and it is necessary the same should be re-built from the Foundation, and the Inside of the Church made wholly new; that it will require a considerable Sum to defray the Expence of taking down and rebuilding the said Tower, and of repairing and new Pewing the said Church.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down and re-building the Tower of the Parish Church of Hanbury, in the County of Worcester, and for repairing the said Church, and rendering the same more commodious for the Parishioners: And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bad*ey In- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are closure Peti- thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Land within the tion‘ Parish of Badsey, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Parish contains several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be much increased in Value by a Division and Inclosure of the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

9

for dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, under such Orders and Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mf. Lygon and Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Payne Knight presented to the House, according Ludlow Pac* to Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and ing, &c. bin watching, and otherwise improving the Streets and presented, other Public Passages and Places within the Borough of Ludlow, and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Salop, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Right Reverend Father in God Paddington Beilby Lord Bishop of London, Patron of the Parish Cilurcl) JVu* Church of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, Sir t,0l'‘

John Morshead, Baronet, and Robert Thistlethwayte,

Esquire, James Ward, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates, and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Paddington, in the said County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act; made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-building the " Parish Church of Paddington, in the County of dlesex, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said " Parish," certain Powers were vested in the Trustee# under the said Act for the Time being, to enable them to carry the same into execution; and that the said Trustees, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the said Parish, have made considerable Progress in the execution of such Powers, and have caused the said Parish Church to be re-built, consecrated, and Divine Service performed therein, but the same is not yet complete, nor are the Outside Walls and Fences of the said Church Yard yet finished, although a considerable Sum of Money hath been expended, and is yet due on Account thereof, whereby it is found that the good Purposes intended by the said Act cannot be effectually answered unless the same be amended, and the Powers thereof enlarged; and that the Inhabitants of the said Parish are not capable of raising such further Sum as will be sufficient to completely finish the same without the Aid -of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Morshead, Mr. Tempter, Sec.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing and amending an Act, passed Hamptoaairf in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty King ^*,ne* lloa* George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending,

" widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from " the Guide Post, at the West End of the Town of " Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the Town of " Staines, in the County of Middlesex," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Morshead, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr.

33 Geo. Ill* 20° Februarii. 215

Wind Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Chirreiie's whom the Bill for naturalizing John Anthony IViss and Kit. Bill john jsaac Charretib, was committed; That the Com* P"1"1, mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without Bny Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrosaed.

R«»al Ex- Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to

changeAsiu- whom the Bill to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Com- ranee Companies, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon or for Lives, was com* "po ‘ mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Motor and fepp's Nat. Bill pre-Mted.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Emanuel Muller ana John Rapp: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

St. Lake's A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ubting and thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish wtrbugPc* Qf Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, was pre-

sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better enlightening and " cleansing the Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, " Alleys, Passages, and Courts, within the Parish of " Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels, and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish and that, in putting the said Act into execution, the Powers and Provisions thereof have, from Time to Time, been found so defective and insufficient, that it is expedient the same should be wholly repealed, and proper Powers } granted for the better lighting, cleansing, watching,

I and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys,

Passages, and Places, within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the same: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall >!seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Main-rearing, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

lMn'iNit. A Petition of Peter Lewis Robin, was presented to Ptinion. the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Mr. Alderman Le Mesurier do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Francois Mors, Philip Colomb, Louys Gruaz, and John Ainick, was presented to the House,

Uld \T . o

It's Nat. VOL. 48.

!, Co-

Gru-

and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill* according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Mr. Alderman Watson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vallotton's for naturalizing John James Vallotton, was read the First Bitl Time. re

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fisher's Nat. for naturalizing John Williatn Fisher, was read a Second Bill commit* Time. led'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Henry Hobart, Mr. Pouys, &c.: Arid they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker'*

Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen* Clergy, Landholders, Cockerton and Inhabitants of the County of Durham, whose ",m1 s*ain* Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the South End of Cockerton Bridge, in the County of Durham, to the Town of Staindrop, through theseve* ral Parishes of Darlington, and High Coniscliffe, Chapelry of Denton, and Parishes of Gai and Staindrop, in the said County, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in several Places, and from the Deepness of the Soil and many heavy Carriages loaden with Lime and Coal* passing along the same, is become very ruinous, and much out of Repair, and, in the Winter Season, many Parts thereof are so bad that Horses and Carriages canuot pass along the same without Danger, and the said Road cannot be effectually repaired, altered, widened, amended, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; but, if the same was properly repaired, altered, widened, amended, and necessary and convenient Bridges, Mounts, and Batteries, erected upon the same, it would be of great Utility and Advantage to the Public, and would facilitate and improve the Communication between many Towns and Places in the said County of Durham: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, altering, widening, amending, and preserving the said Road, and for erecting, building, and making necessary and convenient Bridges, Mounts, and Batteries, upon the same, with such Provisions as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burdon, Mr. Brandling,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Petitions from Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; Set- Bedford ting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill "8*^^ is depending in the House, for making a Navigable ^dBrentford Cut or Canal from Braunston, in the County of North- Canal Bill. ampton, to join the River Thames, at Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, under the Appellation of The Grand Junction Canal; and representing to the House, that a most material Branch of the Trade of the said Borough consists in the Importation of Coals from the Port of Lynn, situate on the River Ouze, by Means of which the Western Parts of the County of Bedford, and the adjoining Eastern Side of the County of Bucks, have been immemorially supplied with that Article; and that, if the said Grand Junction Canal shall be carried into Effect, the Petitioners will, as they have just

Reason

Leeds Coal Works Petition reported.

216 20° FebruarA. 1793s

Reason to apprehend, be deprived of the said important Branch of their Commerce, on which the Welfare of the said Borough so essentially depends, by the Establishment of a most unequal and insupportable Competition, forasmuch as the Petitioners are liable to the Payment of the Port Duty of 5 s. Chaldron,

imposed by Act of Parliament on Coals imported Coastwise, whilst Coals conveyed by Inland Navigation are wholly exempt from the same: And therefore praying, That an Inland Duty, equal to the Importation Duty, may be imposed on Coals conveyed by the projected Canal, in order that a Competition so Commercially unfair, so ruinous to the Interests of the said Borough, and so injurious to the Public Revenue, may be precluded, or otherwise, that the aforesaid Bill may not be suffered to pass into a Law, as to the House shall seem most expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the stud intended Canal, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Burdon do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Charles Brandling, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Middleton, in the County of York, Owner and Proprietor of divers Coal Works in the said Manor, and Places adjacent, and the several Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Mr. Burdon accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, at} Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering " more beneficial an Act made in the Thirty-first " Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for establishing Agreements made " between Charles Brandling, Esquire, and other Persons, Proprietors of Lands, for laying down a Wag-u gon Way, in order for the better supplying the " Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County " of York, with Coals, by enabling the said Charles " Brandling to supply Annually a larger Quantity of .* Coals to and for the Use of the said Town and " Neighbourhood,"; was read; whereby it appears, that the said Charles Brandling is obliged, Yearly, during such Time as he shall continue the said Waggon Way, made for the Purpose of bringing Coals from the Coal Works of the said Charles Bratidling, in Middleton aforesaid, to the Repository at a certain Place, in the said Act called Casson Close, to bring to the said Repository or Coal Yard, Forty thousand Dozens, or Four hundred and Eighty thousand Corves of Coals, at the least, by Four equal Quarterly Proportions, that is to say, Ten thousand Dozens, or One hundred and Twenty Thousand Corves in each Quarter of the Year, unless prevented by Fire, Water, or other inevitable Accident.

Mr. Joseph Humble, being then examined, said, That Mr. Brandling being empowered to sell the Coals brought down to his Repository from his Colliery to Persons in the Neighbourhood of Leeds, a very considerable Quantity of the Coals so brought are taken and purchased by Persons residing at a great Distance from the said Town of Leeds, and the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Leeds are thereby deprived of a considerable Part of the Benefit and Advantage intended to result to them by the said Acts: That the said Town and Parish of Leeds has lately very considerably increased in Population, and the Trade thereof very greatly extended; and a great Number of Dyehouses, Engines, and Machines, have been erected therein, so that the Quantity of Coals stipulated by the said Act to be brought down to the said Repertory, are found insufficient for supplying the said Town and Parish of Leeds only; which I nconvenience has arisen from Mr. Brandling's Coal Works having been occasionally laid up, or prevented from being worked, by inevitable Accidents, and owing to his being restrained by the said Act from bringing any other Coals to the said Repository than such as he should get within his said Manor of Middleton; and that such Inconveniencies might in future be, in a great Measure, remedied, if the said Charles Brandling was allowed, under proper Regulations, to bring Coal from any other Colliery to the said Repository; that since the passing the said Act, the said Charles Brandling hath been put to a very great Expence in making fresh Winnings in his said Colliery, by laying and making additional Waggon Ways from his said Coal Pits to the said Repository, and by paying much greater Prices for leading and getting the said Coals, and for the Wood and other Materials therein.

That it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Leeds, and the Manufactures and Trade thereof, if the Quantity of Coals stipulated by the said Act were brought from the Coal Pits and Coal Works of the said Charles Brandling to the said Repository, and there sold to the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Leeds only; and also, if the delivering the same at the said Repository, and the Manner and Prices of conveying and carrying the same from such Repository to the Inhabitants within the said Town and Parish, were properly regulated and ascertained.

That the Coal got and worked at all the other Collieries or Coal Works in the Neighbourhood of Leeds, is very considerably advanced in Price; and that it would very greatly distress the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, if the said Charles Brandling should discontinue the said Waggon Way and Repository, and the same would also be a very great Loss and Prejudice to the Trade and Manufactories thereof.

That the said Charles Brandling hath proposed, and is willing to continue to bring down from his said Coal Works at Middleton aforesaid, and deliver at the said Repository, during the Continuance of the Term in the said Act mentioned, or such other Term of Years as may be deemed requisite, Forty thousand Dozens, or Four Hundred and Eighty thousand Corves of Coals, by Weekly Proportions, for the sole Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish of Leeds, provided Sale can be had for the same, at the Rate of Sixpence Half-penny a Corf, having Liberty to leave any Quantity of Coals, not exceeding One hundred and Forty-four Dozens per Week, at any Place near to the said Waggon Way within the said Borough; and also, to take and deposit the Surplus Quantity, beyond the Daily Sale or Demand of the said Town and Parish, in any other Coal Yard or Repository within the said Town and Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one . made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals: And that Mr. Burdon and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition

33 Geo. III. 20° Februarii. 2J7

Mr.Winder's A Petition of William. Willder, of in the

Petition County of Derby, was presented to the House, and ipmst Peo- rest(j. 'faking Notice of the Bill for dividing and insure Bi]j"C °* closing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Worcester; and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains a Power for the Commissioners therein, named to set out and allot unto George as Rector of the

Parish of Peopleton aforesaid, so* much of the Lands and Grounds, thereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as shall, in their Judgment, be equal to One full Seventh Part of the said Lands and Grounds, and also to One full Seventh Part of such of the Homesteads, Home Closes, and other ancient Inclosures, within the said Parish, as are subject to the Payment ot Tythes in Kind, and as belong to Persons who have Property in the Lands and Grounds thereby intended to be divided and inclosed, of equal or greater Value than One Seventh Part of such Homesteads, or other ancient Inclosures respectively, in Lieu of, and Compensation for, all Tythes, Moduses, and other Dues and Payments whatsoever, arising and becoming payable for or out of any of the Lands and Grounds thereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and also for, out of, or in respect of, the several Old inclosed Lands and Estates within the said Parish; and that the Petitioner is Owner of a very considerable Estate in the said Parish of Peopleton, consisting partly of Land in the said Open Common Fields, Pastures, and Lammas Grounds, and partly of Homesteads, and other ancient Inclo-. sures, and he is of Opinion, that the said intended Inclosure will be very injurious to all the Proprietors of Estates within the said Parish of Peopleton; that the Proportion of Land, by the said Bill directed to be allotted to the Rector, in Lieu of his Tythes, is more than adequate to their real and fair Value, that the Mode of settling such Compensation is partial and unjust, and particularly oppressive upon the Petitioner, as being the Owner of a greater Quantity of ancient inclosed Land than any other Proprietor, in Proportion to his- Estate, in the Open Fields, Meadows, and Lammas Grounds: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, that he may be heard against the sanae, by himself, his Agents, or Counsel, and that the House will give him such Relief in the Premises as to them shall appear right.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his Agent, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Petition from A Petition of the several Proprietors of Commonable several Pro- Land, in the Parish of Peopleton, in the County of prieinrs of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was

iCkST Presen*ed 10 the House, and read; Setting forth, That clXe Bill a Bill is depending in the House for inclosing the Commonable Land in the said Parish, which contains many exceptionable Clauses and Provisions that would lie highly injurious to the Petitioners, and others, if such Bill should pass into a Law, and, from the peculiar Circumstances of the said Parish, would be detrimental to every Owner of Land and Tythes therein, and particularly to the Rector and other. Owners of the Tythes in the said Parish: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Lammas Grounds, and other Com-Vol. 48.

monable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Peopleton, in the County of Worcester, is committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Wirksworth to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Road Red-Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- don reported, selves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neighbourhood of, and Inhabitants' within, the Town and Parish of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Hous^ relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Thomas Ince, being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Moot Hall in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road from Derby to at or

near to a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland Ward, and also, the Road leading from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road from the Post

on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at, or near to, a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth, all in the County of Derby, are very much out of Repair, narrow and inconvenient, and cannot be amended, widened, and improved, by the ordinary Course of Law — And the Witness further said, That the amending, widening, and improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, will be a great Advantage and Accommodation to all Persons living near or having Occasion to pass along the said Roads, and will be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall . in Wirlcsreorlh, to the Turnpike Road leading from

Derby to Brassington, at, or near to, a Place called The Cross in the Handon Hulland Ward, and also the Road from the said Moot Hall, to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at, or near to, a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Sir Henry Hunloke, Baronet, and Ed- Shipley and ward Miller Mundy, Esquire, was presented to the WestHaiiam House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of an Canal Pen-Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of t*on>

His present Majesty, a Navigable Canal has been made from the River Trent, in the Lordships of Sawley and Long Eaton, in the County of Derby, to, or near,

Langley Bridge, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, called The Ereivash Canal-, and it appears, by a Survey lately taken, that a Navigable Communication may be conveniently made from the several Coal Mines, or Collieries, in the Lordships of Shipley and West Hallam, in the said County of Derby, along the Course of, or near to a certain Brook or Stream, called Nut Brook, to the said Erewash Canal, in the Parish of Ilkeston, in the said County, and the Petitioners, being Owners of the said Coal Mines or Collieries, are willing, at their own Expence, to make and maintain the said Navigable Communication; and that the making and maintaining such Navigable Communication will be of Benefit to the Petitioners, and of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said Cool 3 K Mines

£0° FebruanL

A. 1793.

Mines or ColReries, to the said Erexvash Cana\, in such' A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free- Uttoxeter

Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House holders, and Inhabitants, of the County of,

shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented tl0u to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Town of Uttoxeter to the Borough of Stafford, and from thence to the Town of

New and also, the Road leading from the said And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Borough of Stafford, through the Town of Cannock, Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet 'Tomorrow to a certain Place, Milled Church Bridge, in the said Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's County of Stafford, there communicating with the Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, Turnpike Road leading from Church Bridge to JValsall, and Records. in the said County, are in many Parts become so very

deep and founderous, that, during several Months in the Year, the same are very inconvenient and dangerous to Horsemen, and nearly impassable for Carriages, and, in many Places, are so very narrow that Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Carriages cannot safely pass each other; and that the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by Surveys and Repair of the said Roads will be of great Public levels lately made and taken, it appears that a Cut, or Utility, as, by the said Road leading from the Town Canal, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other of Uttoxeter to the Borough of Stafford, and from

Derby and A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, ShavdlowCa- Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the Counties of nal Petition. Derby, Nottingham, Leicester, and Stafford, whose

Vessels, may be made from the Town of Derby to the Trent and Mersey Canal, at or near in the said County of Derby, and from the said Canal, at or near Shardlow aforesaid, to the Nottingham Canal at

Lenton, near the Town of Nottingham, which will facilitate the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchan-

thence to the Town of Newport, a free and open Communication will be obtained between the Towns of Lincoln, Nottingham, and Derby, and the Town of Shrewsbury and North Wales, and the numerous intermediate Places in a direct Line, by means of Turnpike Roads; and by the said Road leading from the

dize, and be of great Advantage to Trade and Com- said Borough of Stafford to Church Bridge a free and

Dightwood

Inclosure

Petition.

merce, and the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Cut or Canal, in such Manner, and with such Powers, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Mr. Coke,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the Township of Normacott, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Township, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called containing about 196 Acres, whereon the Owners of Estates within the said Township have Right of Common, and which, in its present State, is incapable of Improvement, but might be made of great advantage to all Persons interested therein if the same was divided, allotted, and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Eduard Littleton and the Earl Gower do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition in A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the favour of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, under their Application Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read;

open Communication, in a direct Line, will be obtained between the Towns of Stafford and Cannock, and the large Manufacturing Towns of Walsall and Birmingham, where, by joining and communicating with other Turnpike Roads, the Connection between those Places and the North with London, and the Western Part of the Kingdom, will be greatly facilitated and extended: And therefore praying, That

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually amending, widening, turning, altering and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, with such Powers and Authorities, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Edward Littleton, the Earl Gmver, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning; at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Swindon In-Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition closure P«u* of the several other Persons, whose Names are there- tion' unto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor and Liberty of Swindon, in the Parish of Womborne, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor and Liberty certain Open and Uninclosed Commons and Waste Lands, which, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the Petitioners, and of the other Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Lands, as well as the Public, if

for Glou- Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand a Bill is the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, amongst

...*' '"'A ~~ the several Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their

respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Littleton and the Earl Gower do prepare, and bring in, the same.

2 A Petition

BerkeleyPili ,ntended to be brought into the House, in the present Canal Bill. Session, for making a Navigable Canal from the City of Gloucester, to join the River Severn, at or near a Place called Berkely Pill, in the County of Gloucester, to admit Ships of considerable Burthen: And hoping, That the House will give its Sanction to a Measure which the Petitioners conceive will evidently appear to be fraught with great Public Good.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

33 Geo. III.

20° Februarii.

219

j Wmbome, ' 4c. Roads J. J Petition.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Manufacturers, Farmers, and others, of the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from, or near, the Town of Womborne, to, or near, a Place called Gospel Oak, in the Parish of Scdgley, in the said County, to communicate with the Turnpike Road leading frotn to Birmingham,

and also, the Road leading from Can Lane to the End

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Lemon, Mr. Buller, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. W reported from the Committee; to whom Gloucester

»...-- .....----..----6 ..... — „ ..... ^..v. the Petition of the most Noble Charles Duke of Nor- and Berkeley

of Hell Lane, in the said Parish of Scdgley, to join the folk, and the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton to Bir- Gloucester, and the humble Petition of several Gentle- p*rted> mingham, and also, the Road leading from Gospel End, men, Freeholders, and others, of the County of Gburn the said Parish of Sedgley, to the Village or Over ces/er, was referred; That the Committee had exa-

Penn, in the said County of Stafford, and from thence into the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge, and also, the Road leading from a Place, called FAtwoods End, in the Parish of Sedgley aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bilslon to Walsall and Wednesbury, at, or near, and

also, the Road from Chills Grave, in the said Parish of Sedgley, to, or near, Prince's End, in the same Parish, and also, the Road leading from Shelton's Hall, in the Parish of Sedgley aforesaid, to the Town of

mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee, had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Bilslon, in the said County of Stafford, are greatly out Robert Mylne, an Engineer, being examined,' said, of Repair, and in some Parts narrow and incommo- That, by a Survey lately taken, it appears practica-dious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, ble to make a Navigable Canal for Vessels of large and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: Burthen, from the River , at, or near, the City

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to of Gloucester, to communicate with the said River, in, bring -in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping or near, a Place, called Berkeley Pill, in the County of in Repair, the said Roads, in such Manner, and by Gloucester.

Mr. Samuel Jones being examined, said, That the making and maintaining such Canal (together with such Navigable Cuts and Railways as shall be found necessary) will open a much more safe and certain

such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-

amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Communication between the City of Gloucester, t|ie

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Littleton, the Earl Gower, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Charles Cole, John Stephenson, Richard (VPetkion. Oates, John James, Edward Riley,

John Tregellas, John Tregellas the Younger, Michael Tonkin, Nicholas Donnithorne, and Walter Tregellas, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves and the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Agnes, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read;

Bristol Channel, and the City of Bristol, than at present, and will be a Means of extending the Trade of this Kingdom.

Mr. James Croome, Mr. Thomas Commeline, and Mr. Joseph Lewis, being examined, said, That since depositing the Plan and Book of Reference with the Clerk of the Peace, several Owners of the Lands in the Line therein described, have requested the Line to be varied in some Parts; and all the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands, into which such Variation shall extend, have had Notice thereof, and have given their Consent thereto, except the Proprietor of about Three Acres of Land, and his Tenant. And your Committee were informed, That the varied Line will Setting forth, That at The Cove, and within the Ma- be equally convenient to the Public, and will not go

nor of Trevaunance, in the said Parish of Saint Agnes, is a convenient and proper Situation for the Erection of a Pier, and which, if erected, will not only contribute to prevent the frequent Wrecks, and heavy Losses, happening from Time to Time to His Majesty's Subjects and others, navigating or trading on the

through any other Parish than the former Line; and that such varied Line will, in no Part, deviate more than a Mile and a Half from the Line laid down and described in the Plan and Book of Reference, deposited with the Clerk of the Peace; and that, although the making the Variation will be attended with

High Seas, and particularly on the Bristol Channel, some additional Expence to the Subscribers, they are

but will tend greatly to the Increase and Prosperity of the Mining and Fish Trade of the County of Cornwall, the former of which now labours under numerous Disadvantages in that Part of the County, on Account of the great Expence of Land Carriage, and the latter cannot possibly be promoted, with cither Safety or Success, for Want of a convenient Harbour to regulate

willing the same should be made — And the Agent for the Land Owners on the varied Line acquainted your Committee, That, at a full Meeting, called by several public Advertisements, he received their Directions to consent, on their Behalf, that the Canal might be carried through their Lands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

the necessary Operations; and that some Parts of the for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Lands and Premisses (the Whole of which are Waste) the River Severn, at, or near, the City of Gloucester',

adjoining the said Cove belong to Persons under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and such Lands and Premisses are necessary to the Construction of a Harbour, and the Management of Commerce there to be carried on: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes

into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley, in the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. Webb, Captain Berkeley, Mr. John Pitt, and Mr. Master, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

w A Petition of the Manufacturers and Inhabitants of Pel,t‘on ,n

aforesaid, under~ such Regulations, and Restrictions as the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, wlrwick and to the House shall appear proper. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented Birmingham

Vol. 48, to Canal Bill.

220

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe that a Bill is depending in the House for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Warwick to the Town of , in

the County of Warwick: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the -said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Dartmouth The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being Election returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the apMbte<r Committee delivered in to the House One of the ' said Lists, which had been struck by the' said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of the Honourable St. Andrew St. John, and Sir Adam Fergusson, Baronet, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Sir John Honywood, Baronet, John Calvert, Junior, Esquire, Charles Pierrepont, Esquire, William Milles, Esquire, Edward Lascelles, Esquire, John Sullivan, Esquire, Charles Bragge, Esquire, William Lygon, Esquire, Ewan Law, Esquire, John , Esquire, David

Scott, Esquire, George Vansittart, Esquire, Richard Glover, Esquire, the Honourable St. Andrew St. John,

Sir Adam Fergusson, Baronet.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Seale, Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk, at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents, withdrew. Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers, appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

Petition# re- The House being informed, That the Right bon-spec ting the curable Lord Viscount Midleton, the Honourable Wil-Eiection for ^am Brodrick, and Charles Townshend, Esquire, Elec-

I.udgereball tors of Members to serve in Parliament for the -withdrawn. Borough of Ludgcrshall, in die County of Wilts, who have petitioned this House, desiring to be admitted ' Parties to oppose the Right of Election for the said

Borough, which was reported to the House upon the 15th Day of Apt'il 1791, desire to withdraw their said Petition;

The House being also informed, That Thomas Everett, Esquire, and Thomas Bait, Gentleman, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of who have petitioned this House, desiring to be admitted Parties to defend such Right of Election, so reported to the House as aforesaid, desire to withdraw their said Petition;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Order made upon the 11th Day of this Instant February, for taking the said Petitions into . Consideration Tomorrow, be discharged;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty‘eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or " Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 11th Day ' of this Instant February, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration Tomorrow, be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Lord Viscount Midleton, the Honourable William Brodrick, and Charles Townshend, Esquire, have Leave to withdraw their said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Everett, Esquire, and Thomas Batt, Gentleman, have Leave to withdraw their said Petition.

A. 1793.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Account* r<- 3 Copy of the Estimate of the Cost, fustoms, Freight, l*tin6 tl» I and Charges of Merchandize, on One Year's Sales of (

Goods from India and China, as reported to the Court ordered/ of Directors by a Committee of Accounts, 15th Fe- I

bruary 1793.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Prime Cost and Sale Amount of Goods from India, sold by the East India Company in each Year, from the i$t of March 1787 to the 1st of March 1793, stating the Charges of Freight, of Customs, and of Merchandize, paid or payable on the same.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Estimate of the probable Revenues and Charges of India on a Peace Establishment, reported to the Court of Directors by a Committee of Accounts,

15th February 1793.

The House being informed that Mr. Maddocks, Account* from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at company* the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their presented. Orders,

An Account of the Prime Cost and Sale Amount of Goods from India, sold by the East India Company in each Year, from the 1st of March 1787 to the 1st of March 1793, stating the Charges of Freight, of Customs, and of Merchandize, paid or payable on the same: And also,

An Account of the Prime Cost and Sale Amount of Goods from China, sold by the East India Company in each Year, from the 1st of March 1787 to the 1st of March 1793, stating the Charges of Freight, of Customs, and of Merchandize, paid or payable on the same: And also,

Copy of an Estimate of the Costs, Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, on One Year's Sales of Goods from India and China, reported to the Court of Directors, by a Committee of Accounts, 15th February 1793: And also,

A Copy of the Estimate of the probable Revenues and Charges of India, on a Peace Establishment, shewing the expected Surplus Revenue, reported to the Court of Directors, by a Committee of Accounts,

15th February 1793.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Estimates.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Estimates be printed^ as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Estimates are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commute* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, o{ Suppb'* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of an Anny AuS* Augmentation to His Majesty's Forces, from 24th January 1793 to 24th December following, both in- referred, elusive, being 335 Days; and of One Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1792 to 24th December 1793, both inclusive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One hundred Independent Companies of Foot, to be raised in the Year 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

20° Februarii.

33 Geo. III.

20° Februarii.

221

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of additional General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia of several Counties in South,

from the respective Periods therein mentioned to the 24th December 1793, inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries, and of Poundage for the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Day appoint-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to edtoconsider consider of an effectual Mode for obtaining a due obtaining a* Attendance of Members of this House on the Days Attend-appointed for taking into Consideration Petitions com- anc#ofMera-plaining of undue Elections, or Returns of Members to b#r8» serve in Parliament, or Petitions respecting the Rights of Election.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill to proto resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, y,ide ,®?r upon the Bill to provide for the Families of Persons Men chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this King- deferred, dom, and of Substitutes serving the rein; and to ex-

Itoas

*:i-

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of a plain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Corps of Light Dragoons for Service in Jamaica;of Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled,

several Regiments of Foot, and of Supernumerary Private Men of His Majesty's Forces, from the respective Periods therein mentioned to the 24th December 1792, inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hemy Hobart reported from the Committee,

" An Act for amending, and reducing into one Act " of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in " that Part of Great Britain called England" be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- Petition in chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and other Persons, ^VOUI! of That they had come to several Resolutions; which they resident in the Towns of Warwick, Knmele, Birmingham

had directed him to report, when the House will please and Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and other Canal, to receive the same. Parts of the said County near thereto, was presented

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pe-Morning titioners observe that a Bill is depending in the House

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from he was directed by the Committee to move, that they the Town of Warwick to the Town of Birmingham:

And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Order That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of a Mode of limiting, regulating, and applying the Produce of the Tolls to be imposed by all Bills now depending, or which shall hereafter be introduced into

Committee ippomted to eoniider of limiting, kc. the Tolls

inpo»«l by this House, for making Navigable Canals, in such Manner 88 raay test reconcile the Interests of the Undertakers with the Public Benefit; and to report the Bame to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Powys, Mr. Loveden, Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Baker, Mr. Smith, Mr. Scott, Sir George Howard, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Dent," Mr. Captain

Berkeley, Sir John Call, Mr. Hussey, Sir Lewes,

Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Peel, Mr. Sir

William Dolben, the Master of the Rolls, the Earl of

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the Shotteswell Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, Petition' and Common or Waste Land, within the Parish of Shotteswell, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows,

Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, containing 1,200 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners and divers others are Owners and Proprietors of all the Lands, Grounds, Pastures,

Commons and Tythes, in the Parish of Shotteswell aforesaid, and the Petitioners and others. Land Owners, in respect of their several Lands and Grounds, are entitled to, and enjoy. Common of Pasture for their

Carysfort, the Marquis of Titchfield, Mr. Grenville, Cattle upon the said Open and Common Fields by a

V rnmm m Z„ I VA a J /VI a A f m / L/ /t/M Mm S\ M ' Mm A if 1 «> A A W I Wb A1 1 A

Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Mr. Gaily Knight, Mr. Lygon, Mr. Pracd, Mr. Buxton; and all' the Knights for Shires, Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Instmctioi. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-

determinate Stint, and in a certain Proportion, exclusive of all other Persons; and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, Land Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are most of them inconveniently situated, by Reason whereof a sufficient Quantity of Manure and Compost

Motion for Instruction withdrawn.

mittee, That they have Power to consider of a Mode cannot, without great Difficulty and Expence, be con-of regulating the Transfer of Shares in such Under- veyed to the same, nor frequent Trespasses and Dis-takings in future. putes among the Petitioners and others, Proprietors,

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, and their Tenants, be prevented, and, so long as the That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That said Open and Common Fields, and Common or Com-

they have Power to consider of a proper Mode of regulating the Proportion of Shares to be allotted to Land Owners.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, Thai all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Vol. 48.

monable Meadows, Pastures, Lands and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, lie open and uninclosed, the same produce but little Profit to the Petitioners and others, the Proprietors and Owners thereof, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners and others, Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, and

3 L Common

£0° Februarii. A, 1793.

Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, " , to the South or South East Side of

and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, are de- " s River," and of the several other Persons

sirous that the same may be divided and inclosed, and (Owners of Lands and Inhabitants within the several that specific Parts thereof may be allotted to them in Counties of Somerset and Wilts) whose Names are Proportion to their respective Interests in the Pre- thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Commises, which will greatly tend to the Advantage of the mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Petitioners and the several Parties concerned, and be Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had a great Improvement of their respective Properties been complied with; and that the Committee had exa-and Interests; And therefore praying, That Leave mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed may be given to bring in a Bill for allotting, dividing, him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, and House; and he read the Report in his Place; and af-Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, terwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, and for the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the seem meet. said Acts were read: And,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Mr. Henry Bond being examined, said, That the

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Trustees have made a Progress in repairing the said

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburghand Sir Robert Roads, and have thereby contracted a considerable

Lawleydo prepare, and bring in, the same. Debt, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads

sufficiently repaired, unless further Powere are granted, St.Cuthberts A Petition of Peter Sherston, and Robert Michell, and the Terms of the said Acts continued: That it

In closure Esquires, Thomas Lax, Robert Bath, James Haynes, will be for the Benefit of all Persons travelling the

etmon. Joseph Brookes, Gentlemen, and others, was presented said Roads if Power was given to vary the Course to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are thereof in the Manner mentioned in the Petition: That certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called the several Roads therein described are in a ruinous Crannel Moor, Great Pill Moor, Little Pill Moor, Condition, narrow and incommodious, and it would be of Frog Moor Load, and Chelwood, lying and being in the Benefit to the Public if they were put under the Care Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in Wells, in the County of the Trustees for executing the said Acts — And the of Somerset, and also Part of Sedge Moor, Part of Hay Witness added. That the Powers of the said Acts might Moor, Part of Row, otherwise Round Moor, Part of be more conveniently executed if the same were com-Rou'densPlot, and Part of the Forest of Mendip also prized in One Act. lying and being in the said Out Parish of Saint Cuth- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for bert, in Wells, containing, by Estimation, 4,330 Acres, continuing the Terms, and altering, enlarging, and or thereabouts; and that the Petitioners and others are consolidating, the Powers of Two Acts of Parlia-entitled to Rights of Common upon the said Moors, ment, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign Commons, or Waste Lands, in Right of their Tenements, of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in called Old Auster, or Ancient Tenements, and it will not the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present only be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads interested in the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, and Streets in and near the Town of in the

if the same were properly divided and inclosed, but of County of Somerset; and for repairing, widening, and Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may altering the Road from the Turnpike Road at the West be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the End of Breuion aforesaid, to the Warminster Turnpike said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, as to the House Road in Norton Bavant Field, in the County of Wilts, shall seem meet. and the Road leading from Kilmington Common, to the

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, North End of Nonney Common, in the said County of pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Somerset, and from Maiden Bradley, in the said County Mr. Hippisley Coxe and Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, of Wilts, to Gare Hill, in the said County of Somerset, and bring in, the same. and the Road from the Brewton Turnpike Road on

Hollwell Hill, to the Frome Turnpike Road at Honey Milton Moor Mr. Hippisley Coxe presented to the House, accord- Thom Hill, in the said County of Somerset, and the inclosure Bill ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Road from Ixidwell's Elm, to the Somerton Turnpike presented, closing a certain Moor or Common within the Manor Road at Castle Cary, in the said County of Somerset, of Milton, in the Parish, of Kero.stoke, in the County of and the Road from the West End of Brewton aforesaid, Somerset: And the same was received; and read the to the House of Richard Chaffin, in Week Champflower, First Time. in the said County of Somerset: And that Mr. Hippisley

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Coxe and Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, and bring in,

the same.

to

V.

0 se

1

'(!

iS

J

rt

3

It

It

It

j

1

3

it

3

t

0

a

a

a

k

0

Brewton Mr. Hippisley Coxe reported from the Committee, to

tion*18 Pet«d w^om Petition of the several Trustees for executing Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to Rockwardine fep°r . powers an Act of Parliament, passed in the whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Shrsws-Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Traders, Freeholders, and others, residing or having King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for re- Estates within the County of Salop, or Town of - ported.

" pairing and widening several Roads leading from bury, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was " and near the Town of Brewton, in the County referred; That the Committee had examined, and " of Somersetand of another Act of Parliament, found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for con- the Committee had examined the Matter of the scud " tinning the Term, and altering and enlarging the Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as " Powers, of an Act of Parliament, made in the it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the " Twenty-ninth Year of tire Reign of his late Majesty, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at " for repairing and widening several Roads leading the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is " from and near the Town of Brewton, in the County as followeth; viz.

" of Somerset; and for repairing and widening the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

" Street from the North or North East End of Combs George Young, an Engineer, being examined, said,

" Street, along Patwell Strut, in the said Town of That by a Survey he has lately taken, it is practicable

to

33 Geo. IIL

20° Februarii.

223

Siirmbory and Shrey-bU, &c. Rods, Petition,

to make a Canal, for the Navigation of Boats and other same were inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to each Vessels, from the North End of the Shropshire Canal, Proprietor in Proportion to their Interests, to be enjoyed in the Township of Rockwardinc Wood, through the in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying, That several Parishes named in the Petition, to the Town Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the of Shrewsbury; and that the making such Canal with Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations proper Railways and Roads to the same, will open a as the House shall think proper.

Communication with several Mines of Coal and Lime- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, stone, and be of Advantage to the Neighbourhood pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that through which the same is proposed to pass, as well as Mr. and Sir Richard Hill do prepare, and

to the Owners of such Mines, and will also be of Public bring in, the same.

Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for A Petition of several of the Trustees for carrying Denbigh and making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Thirtieth MoM Roads North End of the Shropshire Canal, in the Township of Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more Petition-Rockwardine Wood, in the County of Salop, to the effectually amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

" ' ‘ the Roads from the Town of Denbigh to the Turn-

pike Road between Northop and Holywell, and from

Af'on fVen to the Town of Mold, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have suance of, Two Acts of Parliament, the one made and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected.

' J 7-

Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County: And that Mr. Kynaston and Sir Richard Hill do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed by, or in pur-

j&l IdcIo-urtPeti-

teo.

Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shreyhill, in the County of Salop, and other Roads in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, and which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments made thereto; and that a certain Road branching out of the above-mentioned Turnpike Road near a Public House opposite Llezt'eney Park, known by the Sign of the

are still due, upon the Credit of the lolls by the said Blue Hand, and extending from thence to the Entrance

into a certain Common called Denbigh Green, and from the said Entrance into such Common across Part thereof, till it joins the Turnpike Road at the North End of the same Common, leading from the Town of Denbigh aforesaid to the Town of Saint Asaph, in the

Acts granted, which, together with the lolls, have been duly applied in the Repair of the said Roads, yet, by reason of certain Exemptions from Tolls, contained in the last mentioned Act, which have been found not only very inconvenient and prejudicial to the Roads, by the said Acts directed to be repaired, but the Tolls said County of Flint, is in a ruinous Condition, and in are thereby so much reduced as to be insufficient to many Parts narrow and incommodious for Carriages, discharge the Interest of the Money borrowed, and to and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and keep the said Roads in Repair, so that the several Pur- kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And poses of the said Acts cannot be carried into complete therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in Execution, unless the Term and Powers thereof are in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and en-enlarged and rendered more effectual; and represent- larging the Powers of the above-mentioned Act, and ing to the House, that the Road leading from the for including therein the said Road leading from the Ellesmere Turnpike Road, through Harlescott, to join Blue Hand to the Turnpike Road at the North End the Turnpike Road leading from Shrewsbury to S/irey- of Denbigh Green aforesaid, in such Manner as to the hill, communicates with the Roads directed to be re- House shall seem meet.

paired by the said Acts, and, in its present Situation, is Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious in Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-many Places, and cannot be effectually repaired by amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it the ordinary Course of Law, and, if the same was pro- shall appear to them, to the House: perly repaired, it would be of Public Utility; And And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Richard

therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Hill, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Consideration, and grant such Relief as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Kynaston, Sir Richard Hill,

A Petition of the Freeholders and Heritors of the Selkirk and County of Roxburgh, whose Names are thereunto sub- Road* scribed, was presented to the House, and read; Petition.

4c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Town

of Selkirk, or the Confines of the County of Selkirk, to Kelso, in the County of Roxburgh, and from thence

to Comhill, in the County of Durham, or to join the Turnpike Road leading from Comhill aforesaid, to Berwick upon Tweed, and also, the Road from Kelso

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir fVtlliam Jerningham, Baronet, Sir

Henry Bridgeman, Baronet, John Cotes, Esquire,

George Forrester, Esquire, Henry Beaufoy, Esquire, aforesaid, to the Place where it joins the Turnpike Road, John Moultrie, Junior, Esquire, Richard Bcddoes, which leads from Coldstream to Greenlaw, and from Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto sub- Kelso through Ednam to Orange Lane, in the Parish of scribed, Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the Eccles, in the County of Berwick, and from Ednam to several Open Common Fields, lying within the Parish Eden-foot, are in bad Repair, and, in bad Weather, of Idsal, otherwise Shiffhal, in the County of Salop, we in many Places dangerous and difficult for Wheel was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Carriages, and the said Roads cannot be widened. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open repaired, and amended, or the necessary Bridges built Common Fields, and it would be greatly for the Ad- for completing the same, and hereafter kept in sufficient vantage of foe several Persons interested therein if, the Repair by the Laws now in Force: And therefore Vox, 48. prayings

Chelmsford

Navigation

Petition.

Essex Roads Petition reported.

20° Februarn.

A. 1793.

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Gi Sir Douglas, &c.: And they are tq meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto, subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the County of Essex, and Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the Town of and the

Neighbourhood thereof, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears by Surveys, and Levels, lately made and taken, that a Navigable Communication, for the Passage of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels of heavy Burthen, may be made from the Town of Chelmsford, to, or nearly to, a Place called Colliers Reach, in, or near, the River Blaclcivater, near the Town and Port of Maldon, in the said County, by Means of widening,

deepening, cleansing, straitening, and improving the Rivers Chelmer and Cann, and making Cuts and Deviations by the Sides thereof, w-here necessary, to a certain Part of the said River Chelmer, above, and near to, Beleigh Mill,(which is the nearest Mill upon the said River Chelmer, to the Town of Maldon) and by making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from thence into, and across, a Stream or River, called the Langford Stream or River, and also by making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from the said last mentioned Stream or River, into the said River Blackwater, and by widening, deepening, cleansing, and improving the said River Blackwaler, and making Cuts and Deviations by the Sides thereof, where necessary, to, or near to, a certain Mill, called and by

making a Navigable Cut, or Canal, from thence above the said Mill, through the Village of Heybridge, to communicate with the said River at, or

nearly at, the said Place, called Colliers Reach; and that the making of such Navigation will be attended with very great Advantages, not only to the said Towns of Chelmsford and Malden, and the Neighbourhood thereof, but to a great Number of other Towns and Places in the said County of Essex, and will be of general Benefit to the Trade and Commerce of the said County: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigation, with all proper and requisite Works and Conveniencies thereto, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Bullock, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution the several Acts made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Ids late Majesty King George the First, the Twentieth of the Reign of his Majesty King George the Second, and the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the several Roads, in the said Acts mentioned, in the County of Essex,

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in-at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the stud Acts were read: And,

Golding Griggs, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. — And the Witness further said, That if the Powers and Provisions in the said Acts were reduced into One Act of Parliament it would tend greatly to the Ease of the Trustees, and to the more effectual Repair of the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing several Roads in the County of Essex: And that Mr. Bramston and Mr. Bullock do prepare, and bring in the same.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to Hadley, whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose South Ben-Names are thereunto subscribed, Gentlemen, Clergy, .

Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the County of Essex, reported, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Turnpike Bills had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Joseph Power, a Surveyor, being examined, said,

That the Road leading from Hadley Turnpike Gate, in the Parishes of Thundersley and South in the County of Essex, to Stifford Bridge; and also, the Road from the Corner of Tarpott Lane to the Town of South Benfleet, and also, the Road leading from The Pound, in the Town of Brentwood, to Tilbury Fort, and also, the Road from Billericay to Homdon on the Hill, and also, the Road leading from Stanford Bridge to Purfleet, all in the said County, are in a ruinous Condition, narrow- and incommodious, and cannot be amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law: Then,

Richard Baker, Esquire, informed your Committee,

That notwithstanding a considerable Pound Rate has been raised in several of the Parishes, the said Roads are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired by the Statute Duty. ,.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Hadley Turnpike Gate to Stifford Bridge, and from a Farm House called Tarpotts to the Town of South Benfleet, and from

The Pound, in the Town of Brentzooood, to Tilbury Fort, and from Billericay to Homdon on the Hill, and from Stanford Bridge to Putfleet, in the County of Essex:

And that Mr. Bramston and Mr. Bullock do prepare, and bring in the same.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to Wadenhor

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Inclosure Bill and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and presented. Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wadcnhoe, in the County

20° Februarii.

&<25

County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Gosport A Petition of Robert Forbes of ,in the

Bridge Peti- County 01 Southampton, Merchant, was presented to u#0, the House, and read; Setting forth, That great In-

convenience having been experienced by the Public in general, and more particularly by the Officers and others belonging to His Majesty's Hospital at Haslar, in the Parish of Alverstoke, in the County of Southampton, for want of a Bridge over a certain Salt Water Lake, or Creek, branching from the Harbour of Portsmouth, to the Village of Alverstoke, called Stoke or Haslar Lake, situate between the Town of Gosport, in the said County, and'His Majesty's said Hospital, and the Petitioner having stated this Matter to the Commissioners for Sick and Hurt Seamen, to whom, in order to remedy the Inconvenience, the Petitioner made a Proposal to build a Bridge over the said Lake, and to permit the Officers, Servants, and others, belonging to the said Hospital, to pass over the same, on being paid the like Salary that was allowed to the Ferryman employed for that. Purpose, to which the said Commissioners afterwards readily assented, and, in consequence whereof, the Petitioner began to erect, and hath now completed, a good substantial Brick Bridge, sufficient for the Passage of Carriages as well as Foot Passengers over the said Lake; and that the said Bridge is, and will be, of great Public Benefit and Convenience, particularly to those belonging to the said Hospital, as heretofore the only Mode of Conveyance for Foot Passengers over the said Lake to and from Haslar Hospital and the Parts adjacent has been iu Boats, which are frequently prevented passing the said Lake, sometimes from the Lowness of the Water, and at other Times from bad Weather, and Carriages being at all Times, previous to making the said Bridge, under a necessity of going round from Gosport through the Village of Alverstoke, in order to get to the Hospital, which is a Distance of near Three Miles; and that the building and finishing of the said Bridge hath been attended with a very considerable Expence: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for maintaining the Bridge by him erected across the said Lake, called Stoke or Haslar Lake, from Gosport to the opposite Shore towards Haslar Hospital in the said Parish of Alverstoke, in the County of Southampton, and for enabling the Petitioner to take certain Tolls for passing over the said Bridge, and other Purposes in such Bill to be mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration, of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chute, Sir William Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petition in A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are favour of the thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, the bes- ant* Traders, residing at Manchester, in the County tei, tidlton, Palatine of Lancaster, or in the Neighbourhood there-Bury of, was presented to the House, and read; Taking

Canal. Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi-

gable Canal from the Manchester, Bolton and Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly at, a Place called Hinde's Mill, in the Parish of Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to and into the Colder Navigation at, or near to, Sow Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and also, another Navigable Canal from the said Manchester, Bolton and Bury Canal, at Bolton, to a Place at, or near to Red Moss, in the Township of filackrod, Vox,. 48.

in the said County of Lancaster: And praying; That they may be heard, by their Counsel, in Favour of the said Bill, and that the same may be passed into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Aston Up-Craven, and the humble Petition of the several Per- thorpe Inclo-son?, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on *» Petition. Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of the Estates within the Hamlet of Aston Upthorpe, in the Parish of Bletobury, and County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Hamlet, several Common Fields,

Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; but if the same were divided into specific Shares and Allotments, according to each Person's Right therein, and inclosed, it would be greatly advantageous to the Petitioners, and all others interested in the said Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vansitlart and Mr. Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in BeMelsIeigh Execution an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the and Hunger-Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen- ford Road

4.U~ O____I iy._s.___________________^ rr_____

ing the Road from the End of the present Turnpike Road from Besselsleigh to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to Leckford otherwise Sousley in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Act, have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road be properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Hartley,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to Speeatam-whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for car- {"d *nd rying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the pj1*^ p_*" Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- tion reported, tituled, " An Act to continue the Term, and to vary " and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, of the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First,

" and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough,

" in the County of Wilts, and for repairing several " other Roads therein mentioned," was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike . 3 M Bills,

Farnham Hop Planters Petition.

226 20° Febru . 1793.

Bilb,' had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as -followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,.

Mr. Thomas Ward being examined, said, That the Trustees in executing the said Act have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, great Part of which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some additional Powers granted.

And the Witness added, That it is proposed to have a Power for authorizing the Trustees, if they shall find it necessary, to raise some of the present Tolls, as it is in Contemplation to make a Canal that will run parallel with the Road, and which, when made, must consequently very much diminish the Receipts at the different Turnpikes.

Ordered, That Lekve be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marl-

borough, in the County of Wills, and several other Roads therein mentioned: And that Mr. tart and Mr. Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Thomas Baker, J Robert

Allen, William Dawden, James Stevens, Junior, Chrus. Chitty, William Crump, Andrew CoUyer, Thomas Buddie, Robert Trimmer, Andrew Bristow, DanielBristmo, Senior, Bristow Bradley, William Shotter, Caleb Barker, Darnel Walden, Junior, Joseph Brown, Peter Edwards, Andrew Merriott, Stephen Casar, Thomas Knight, John Cullen, John Hughes, John Marriner, Edward Bartholomew, William Mure, Benjamin Nichols, Henry Martin, Ann

Allen, Henry Matthews, Alexander Gilbert, Elizabeth Whittingham, Daniel Bristow, Junior, Thomas Piper, John Walter, John Longhurst, Samuel

Wakeley, John Page, George Alexander, William Taphouse, Charles Restall, George West, Thomas Cooper, John Nowles, Elizabeth Mayo, Samuel Stevens, Mary Manwaring, James Edwards, John Baker, James Nash, William Knight, and Anthony Williams, Inhabitants of, and Hop Planters within, the Parish of Farnham, in the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Hop Planters within the said Parish, was l>resented to the House, and read; Setting' forth, That the Cultivation of Hops in England is, and has long been (as the Petitioners conceive) a Matter of great National Concern, and has, for a considerable Length of Time, been productive of a large Yearly Revenue to Government, and, instead of this Country being supplied with that Commodity from Foreign Parts (as was heretofore the Case) Hops are become an Article of Export, and are likely so to continue, if the Cultivation of them be not checked: That the Cultivation of Hops is also of great Benefit to this Country, from the Employment it affords, and the Money it produces, to the Poor, and from the Improvement it makes in the Land for other Purposes of Husbandry afterwards, and, besides the original and more general Use of Hops in Brewing Beer (in lieu of which no other Bitter can by Law be substituted) they have been found to be an useful Article in Dyeing, and there is a considerable Consumption of them in that Branch of Business, and the finer they are, the better are they suited to that Purpose; and that the first Planting any Ground with Hops is attended with very great Expence, and Hops do not come to a State of Maturity, so as to produce

any Quantity of Crop, until the Third Year, and, after the first Planting, the Annual Expence of keeping the Ground in Order, and training and dressing the Hops, and providing Poles for them is very considerable, so that the Expence of Planting an Acre of Ground, for the first Three Years, cannot Amount to less than loo I.; and that, after Hops are come to Maturity, and tilt they are obliged to be re-planted, the Annual Expence of an Acre of Hop Ground is not less than Thirty-one Pounds, and such Expence is the same; whether there be any Crop or not, no Part of which is paid, or any Allowance made, by the Person entitled to the Tythe of the said Land, and, if the 'Soil be not well suited to them, they will not continue to be productive for any Length of Time: That Yearly Compositions have hitherto been paid by the Planters of Hops, in the Kingdom in general, in lieu of Tythes, which have been a great Encouragement to the Culture of Hops, the Payment of Tythes in Kind being, from the great Expence attending the Cultivation and the Picking, too heavy a Burthen on the Planter, and the setting out the Tythes being in itself a Matter of great Inconvenience, and the Petitioners understand, that the general Compositions that are paid in this Kingdom, in lieu of Tythes of Hops, are from Five Shillings to Twelve Shillings an Acre: That the Inhabitants of the Parish of Farnham were (as it is supposed) Planters of Hops very early after their Introduction into this Country, and from their great Attention to the Business, and the Expences to which they have put themselves, the said Parish is, for its Extent, become one of the principal Plantations in England: That Henry Halsey, Esquire, the present Lessee of the Rectory of Farnham aforesaid (which is an Impropriate Rectory belonging to the Archdeacon of Surrey, in Right of his Archdeaconry, and is, and usually has been, leased out for Three Lives) and who, as such, claims to be entitled to the Tythes in Kind of Hops, planted in the Fields in Farnham, hath lately intimated an Intention of raising the high Composition now paid to him (being Twenty Shillings an Acre subject to Taxes) to Three Pounds an Acre clear of all Assessments to the Poors Rates, which would be equal to Twelve Shillings and Six Pence a Year more, or otherwise of obliging the respective Occupiers to set out their Tythes in Kind; and that, considering the great and increasing Expences of cultivating Hops, and the Uncertainty of the Crops, a Composition of Twenty Shillings an Acre is greater than the Planter can afford to pay, and no Person would undertake to plant and cultivate Hops on the Terms of rendering Tythes of them in Kind, for the Reasons before stated, and, if the Claim of the said Henry Halsey be submitted to, or encouraged by any of the Hop Planters in the said Parish of Farnham, it would probably occasion Demands in other Parishes of high Compositions for Tythes of Hops, and such Demands must necessarily tend to the putting down many of the present Plantations, and prevent the Establishment of others, which would be a great Detriment to the Public; and that there is not, to the Petitioners Knowledge, any other kind of Produce of Land for which a Composition higher than from Two Shillings and Six Pence to Six Shillings an Acre has been paid, and Six Shillings an Acre is considered as a high Composition even for Wheat, the most beneficial of all Grain: That in the Instances of Hemp, Flax, and Madder, the Legislature thought it just and reasonable -to encourage the Cultivation in England, by passing Acts for a Composition in lieu of the Tythes, which, in each Species, was restricted to Five Shillings an Acre, land the Act for regulating the Composition for the Tythe of Hemp and Flax was long since made perpetual, and it is presumed that the Reason, why the Act respecting the Tythe of Madder (which was temporary) has not been revived or renewed, has been

s that

227

that no greater Composition than Five Shillings an Acre has been demanded in lieu of the Tythe; and that the Petitioners conceive it to be both reasonable in itself, and conducive to the Interest of the Planters of Hops and the Persons entitled to the Tythes of them, and to the Benefit of the Public, that Tythes of Hops should not be demandable in Kind, and that the Payment in lieu of Tythes should be ascertained and limited: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that such Bill may be prepared and passed, as, in the Judgment of the House, may best tend to the Relief of the Petitioners, and all other the Hop Planters within the said Parish of ham, and to the Encouragement of the Growth of Hops, with Benefit to the Planters and the Public, and without Injury to the Clergy and other Persons entitled to the Tythes of Hops.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Maidstone A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are and Ashford thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers Road Pett- of Estates in the County of Kent, was presented to the lon' House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Wrens Cross, in the Town of , in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of , Boxley, Bersted, Thumham, Leeds, field, by the West or lower Harrietsham , through the several Parishes of Harrietsham, Lenham, Witch-ling, Charing, Westwell, and to the Town of

Ashford, in the said County, is very much out of Repair, and in some Places circuitous, narrow, sandy, and in other Respects iucommodious to Travellers, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, shortened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and improving the said Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Sir

Elijah Impey, 8cc.: And they are to meet To-ihorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ashford and A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Stockbridge thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Road Peti- Estates in the County of Kent, was presented to the tion' House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road lead-

ing from the North End of Marsh Lane, in Ashford, in the County of Kent, through the Parishes of Ashford, Kingsnoth, Shadoxhurst, Ruckinge, Warehome, and Orlestone, to Stockbridge, in the Parish of in

Romney Marsh, in the said County, is greatly out of Repair, narrow, circuitous, and incommodious, and cannot be amended, widened, turned, improved, find kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, turning, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Sir Elijah

Impey, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. 48.

A Petition of Thomas Higdon, Thomas Hammond, whitstabLe . William Humphrys, John Butcher, Matthew Browning Oyster the Younger, John Lawson the Elder, Thomas - Fishery. rison, William Comehous, Thomas Turner, John Gilbert, eUt,on*

John Jutson, John Seales, William Coleman, John Mor-gason, William Butcher, Matthew Browning the Elder,

Matthew Wood, Thomas Knight, Mercer May, Edward Pousher, James Cranbourn, Thomas Gilbert, Isaac Carden, William Edenden, Absolom Edenden, William Reeves, David Charosin, John Uden, and Edward Edenden, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Company of Free Dredgers, called The Whits table Company of Dredgers, within the Manor and Royalty of in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, tmd read; Setting forth, That there hath been, Time out of Mind, an Oyster Fishery within the Limits of the Manor and Royalty of Whitstable, in the County of Kent, extending from the Sea Beach a very considerable Distance into the Sea, which Fishery hath all that Time been managed and carried on by, and at the Expence of, a certain Company of Free Dredgers, called The Whitstable Company of Dredgers, who have held the same from Time out of Mind, as Tenants under the Lord of the said Manor and Royalty, on Payment of a certain Annual Rent, and the Lord of the said Manor and Royalty hath, from Time out of Mind, held a Court, commonly called a Court of Dredging, for the ordering and regulating of the said Oyster Fishery, besides the Court Leet and Court Baron held for the said Manor, at which Courts of Dredging the said Fishermen and Dredgerqien have constantly attended, pursuant to a Notice for that Purpose given by the Lord of the said Manor and Royalty, or the Steward of the said Court of Dredging, and out of the Freemen of the said Company Twelve of the most sufficient Men among the said Dredgers have used to be sworn to be of the Jury of the said Court, and the Foreman, Jury, and major Part of the Freemen of the said Company present at the said Court, with the Consent of the Lord of the said Manor and Royalty, or of the Steward of the said Court, have used to make Orders for regulating the said Company, and the said Oyster Fishery, with Fines and Penalties for the Breach of such Orders, which Fines and Penalties have been accustomed to be collected and levied in the Manner directed by the said Orders, and, by ancient Usage and Custom, no Persons are entitled to dredge for Oysters within the said Manor and Royalty, except the Members of the said Company: That the good Order and Government of the said Fishery is of great Public Concern, and it would much tend to the carrying on and good Management thereof, if the said Company were allowed to purchase the said Manor and Royalty of Whitstable, or such Part thereof as would be convenient for the better Regulation of the said Fishery , and that the said Company have now an Opportunity to purchase the Royalty of the said Fishery, but they are disabled from so doing both because Doubts have arisen whether the said Company be a Corporation in Law, notwithstanding it has existed Time out of Mind, and likewise on Account of the Statutes of Mortmain, so that the said several Purposes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make the several Persons, at present composing the Whitstable Company of Dredgers, and all and every other Person and Persons who now are, or at any Time hereafter shall be, free of the said Fishery, a Body Politic and Corporate, and that the Powers now used by the said Whitstable Company of Dredgers, for the Regulation of the said Fishery, may hereafter be vested in the said Corporation and their Successors, and that they may be exercised by them in the same Manner as they are now exercised by the said Company, and that

the

Whitstable

Oyster

Fishery.

228 20 0 Februarii. . 1793.

the said Corporation and their Successors may have the same Power and Authority of making Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws at the Court of Dredging, of the said Manor and Royalty of as are now

vested in the said Whitstable Company of Dredgers; and that Thomas. Foord, of the Parish of

near the City of Canterbury, in the County of Kent, having purchased to him and his Heirs, of the Lord of the said Manor and Royalty, the said Royalty of Fishing and Oyster dredging, and the Ground and Soil of the Said Fishery from the South and South East Sides of the said Sea Beach at Whitstable, as the same is, and hereafter may be, thrown up by the Sea from Time to Time, and the Sea Beach and all the Lands and Grounds from thence into the Sea, as far as the said Fishery extends, whether the same be more or less than the Quantity of Land belonging to the said Fishery, and also the Customary Payments usually, and of Right, made to the Lord of the said Manor, for or on Account of any Ship or Vessel, or the landing of Goods or Merchandize within the said Manor, or for the Admission of Freemen, or other Payments for the Regulation of the Freemen and Fishing the re, and all other Payments whatsoever, at the Water Court of Free Dredgers there, and all such like Payments, and all and all Manner of Forfeitures, Articles and Things, which of Right belong unto, and are the Property of, the Lord of the said Manor, by reason of the Wrecks of the Sea, or other such like Rights and Forfeitures within the Limits of the Sea Beach aforesaid (subject to the Right of the said Company of Dredgers in the said Fishery) and also full Power and Authority unto the said Thomas Foord, his Heirs and Assigns, and every of them, to nominate or appoint a Steward or Stewards, or Water Bailiff or Water Bailiffs, or other usual Officers of the said Fishery, and to summon and hold all such Water Courts, or Courts of Dredging, as may be necessary to be held for any of the Purposes aforesaid, all which said Estate, Right, Power#* and Authorities, the said Thomas Foord is willing to convey unto the said Corporation, and their Successors, for their own Use and Benefit, if he be legally authorized so to do, therefore, further praying, that the said Corporation may be made able and capable, and may have full Power and Ability in Law, to purchase, receive, take, and enjoy, to their own Use and Benefit, without any Licence or Writ of ad quod Damnum, the said Part of the said Manor and Royalty belonging to, and purchased by, the said Thomas Foord, and all the Powers and Privileges belonging thereto, and also the rest and Residue, and every or any other Part of the said Manor and Royalty, of any Person or Persons who now are, or hereafter may be, legally seised thereof, to them and their Heirs, and that the said Corporation, and their Successors, may have full Power and Ability in Law, when purchased, to grant, sell, demise, mortgage, alien, or at their Will and Pleasure dispose of, the said Manor and Royalty of Fishery, and every or any Part thereof, and the Ground and Soil thereof, as well what shall be purchased of, and conveyed by, the said Thomas Foord, or of or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, and that, from and after the said Purchase and Conveyance made from and by the said Thomas Foord, the said Company or Corporation may, from' Time to Time, appoint one or more Steward or Stewards of the said Court of Dredging, who, in the Name of the said Corporation, may once or oftener in every Year, by the Direction of the Foreman, Deputy Foreman, and Jury, for the Time being, keep and hold a Court of Dredging in and for the Royalty and Fishery of Whitstable aforesaid, and also may appoint a Water Bailiff, which said Steward and Water Bailiff may have Power to do all Things which have usually been, done by the Steward and Water Bailiff of the said Court of Dredging of the said

Manor and Royalty, and that the Jury assembled at the said Court of Dredging, with the Consent of the major Part of the said Company or Corporation then assembled in Court, may elect and appoint the Foreman and Deputy Foreman of the said Company or Corporation, and all other Officers which have been usually appointed at the said Court of Dredging, in the same Manner as such Officers have usually been heretofore appointed at the Court of Dredging; and, in order to enable the said Corporation to provide for the Payment of the Money necessary to be raised for the Purchase of the said Manor and Royalty, Fishery, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, and the Costs and Charges incident thereto, and of obtaining this Act, and also to provide the Money necessary, from Time to Time, to manage and carry on the said Fishery, by the buying and laying of Oysters, and the Brood and Spat thereof, on the Grounds of the said Fishery, and also to pay such Sums of Mo ney as have already been borrowed for the same, or any other Purposes, for the Benefit and Advantage of the said Fishery, therefore further praying, that the said Corporation may be enabled to raise and levy, or borrow, or take up, at Interest, such Sum and Sums of Money as the Foreman, Deputy Foreman, and , Jury, chosen at the then preceding Court of Dredging, or as the Majority of the said Corporation present at any Court or Courts of Dredging, shall deem necessary, or shall declare and present as proper and necessary for those Purposes, and that, when any Sum or Sums of Money is or are borrowed, such IVloney so borrowed may be secured by one or more Bond or Bonds of the said Corporation, under their Common Seal, and may be deemed the Common Debt of all the said Dredgers, and each Dredger's Share and Proportion of the Money, so directed to be levied, raised, or borrowed, may also be raised, levied, and collected, by such proportionable Contribution and Rate, to be assessed on every Bushel or less Quantity of Oysters which may be caught and taken in the said Oyster Fishery, as the said Corporation, assembled at any of the said Courts of Dredging, may direct or appoint, and that the same may be collected, raised, and received by such Person and Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Company or Corporation, so assembled, may nominate, direct, and appoint, and that, in case any of the said Dredgers shall refuse or neglect to pay or allow his proportionable Part or Share, to be assessed and set as aforesaid, the Foreman of the said Company or Corporation, for the Time being, may be enabled, after Demand made by him of the Party so refusing or neglecting, and on Refusal or Non-payment thereof, immediately after such Demand, to stop and detain, in the Hands of such Foreman, out of the Money arising from the Stint of Oysters, or Day's Work, of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, his proportionable Part or Share so assessed and set, as aforesaid, and, in case there shall not be Money enough in the Hands of such Foreman, to pay the proportionable Part or Share of the Contribution or Rate of such Person or Persons, then that the Water Bailiff, for the Time being, of the said Corporation, may be enabled to levy such Person or Persons proportionable Part or Share of such Rate, by. Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, or that the said Corporation may be enabled to recover the said Sum or Sums of Money, so due, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, to be brought in the Name of the Foreman of the said Corporation.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to- Sir John Sir Elijah

Impey,

Marham In* closure Peti* lion.

Dunsley Moorlnclo-sure Bill presented.

Burton upon Trent and Fradley Heath Canal Petition.

Inpey, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Har, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Newhall in Marham, and in

Marham, in the County of , and John

M. D. Lord of the Manor of Old Hall and /5 within the Parish of Marham aforesaid, and also of William Winearls, Thomas Cozens, and the several other

Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and of the several other Persons having Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Sheep Walks, and Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Lands in and within the said Parish of Marham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Thomas John

William Winearls, and Thomas Cozens, are principal Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Sheep Walks, and Rights of Common, upon the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Parish of Marham, containing, by Estimation, 3,700 Acres, and upwards, which Lands, Commons, and Waste Lands, in their present Situation, are of little Advantage to the Persons entitled thereto, and are not capable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided, allotted, and inclosed, and specific Parts allotted to t the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights, it would tend greatly to the Benefit of all such Persons, and be of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lamntas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Marham aforesaid, yndpr such Restrictions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Buxtoy, Sir John Wod and Mr. Henry

Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The Lord Midgrave presented to the House, according to Order, a j Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Dunsley Moor, within the Township of Newholmcum Dunsley, in the Parish of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Land Owners, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by a Survey lately taken, that a Navigation for Boats, and other Vessels with heavy Burdens, may be conveniently made from the present Navigation of the River Trent, at or near Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to join and communicate with the Canal, at,

upon, or near, Fradley Heath, in the said County, where it will unite with the Inland Navigations to the Ports of London, Hull, Bristol,. Liverpool, and the intermediate Places, and afford an Opportunity of bringing to Market, upon very advantageous Terms, the Produce of the several Mines of Lime, Limestoue, Coals, Ironstone, Grindingstone, Buildingstone, and other Minerals, on the South Side of the River Trent, and considerably reduce the Price of the Carriage of those several Articles, and of all Mercantile Goods, and will also greatly facilitate the Trade of the River Trent from the Ports of Hull, Gainsborough, c. and be of great Utility to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Vo l. 48.

Bill for making and maintaining such intended Navigation by Means of a Navigable' Cut, or Canal, or by such other Ways or Means, and with such Powers, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Mulgrave, Mr.

Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in St. Neota and Execution an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Cambridge Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Peti'

" for repairing and widening the Road from the West " End of Saint Ive's Lane, in the Town of Saint " Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of " Cambridge," wh.ose Names are thereunto subscribed,

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Sums, together with the Tolls collected under the Authority of the said Act, have been duly applied in repairing the said Road, and other the Purposes of the said Act, but the said Road cannot be effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, and the Money owing on the Credit of the said Act be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall appear meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, sis it shall appear to them, to the House ::

And it is referred to Mr. Lancelot Sir John

Call, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Proprietors of the Bank or Fund, Million Bank called The Million Bank, was presented to the House, Petition. ' and read; Setting forth, That, by certain Indentures, bearing Date respectively the 19th Day of July, and the 19th Day of February 1695, divers Persons agreed to erect the said Bank or Fund for certain Purposes therein mentioned, such Bank or Fund to be founded upon certain Parliamentary Securities therein also mentioned, and^ upon Annuities, or other good Securities, and that several Sums of Money had been subscribed as a: Capital Stock or Fund for carrying on the said Undertaking, which was to continue for 199 Years, unless sooner determined, as in the said Indentures mentioned; and that the said Capital Stock or Fund is of the Amount of

500,000 /. upon which there is a very large Accumulation arising from the Savings of the Surplus of the Annual Income thereof, after paying to the Proprietors of such Capital Stock or Fund, the Dividends upon their respective Shares thereof, which for many '

Years past have been at the Rate of Five per Cent, per Annum; and that the 'Petitioners conceive it would be of great Public Benefit that the Proprietors of the said Stock or Fund should be made a Body Corporate, with perpetual ^Succession, for the Purpose of enabling them to engage in the Gradt, Sale, and Purchase, of Annuities for Livesr or for Terms of

3 N Years;

Petition do amend Derby Paving Act.

Quenebo-rough Inclosure Petition.

850 20° Fmruam A. 17#3

Yiears: cted (then dkmpmgiflg, That -Leeme may fee jjitien to [bring in a Bill for ing ibe P/ropriebsirs

of the said Stook or Fund far the Purposes before mentioned, end for the fiegokteoniimd Management of each Incorporation, in such Manner os ibe House -shall itbink proper.

Ordered, That ibe said Petition he referred to ibe Consideration of a Committee': And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr; Daniel Parka' Mr.

Maitamaring, &c.: And they ase to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of trim Clack, in the Speaker's Chamber; and haye Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition ;of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Houses within the Borough of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, alter, and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign fit His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, and " otherwise improving the Streets, Lanes, and other f‘ Public Passages and Places, within the Borough of " Derby, and for selling a certain Piece of Waste " Ground, situate within the said Borough, called

Nim's Green, towards defraying the Expence of the u said Improvements.*'

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the -Consideration of a Committee: And {that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to 'them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Daniel Parker , Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in rim Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to seud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of John Peach Hungerford, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Queneboro in the County of Leicester, and a Proprietor of a very considerable Part of the Open and Common Fields, Common' Meadow's, Common - Pastures, and other Commonable Landis and Grounds, within the Parish or Lordship of Queneborough aforesaid., Edward Loveden,

Rsquire, Impropriator of the Great Tythes arising within the said Parish or Lordship, Proprietor of a considerable Quantity of Glebe Land there, and Patron of the Vicarage and Parish Church of horough aforesaid, the Reverend John Simpson, Clerk, Vicar of the said Vicarage, and Robert Kilby, Anthony Kilby, Henry Kilby, Isaac Kilby, William Biddles, and Thomas Whiles, Gentlemen, other Proprietors and Owners of Lands and Grounds in the said Parish or Lordship, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the -Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within tile said Parish or. Lordship, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, within the said Parish or Lordship, he intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of much Improvement, and that it would be advantageous to the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Lands and Grounds, to have the same -divided and enclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to them in Proportion to, and in lieu of, their several Properties therein, to be held in Severalty for -ever: And therer fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Helds, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Mr. Pochin most Mr. Perns Asdhatm do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Lend Viscount Maynard, Lord of the Manors of Thornton and Bagworth, in the Parish of Thornton, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That-there are, within the said Manors and Parish, certain Open Fields, 'Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, which, in their present State, are not capable of any considerable Improvement, but might be greatly improved by being divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Heath, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the Howe shall 9eem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to -bring in a Bill, pursuant to -the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bochin and Mr. Perm Assheton do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Charles Pierrepont, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Orston, in the Parish of Orston, and others, Owners of Lands in the Open Fields, and entitled to Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the Petitioners in the said Fields lie intermixed and dispersed, and the same, and likewise the said Commons, in their present open Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if the said Fields and Commons we're divided and inclosed, it would be a great Improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners, and others interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields and Commons, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin and Lord Edward Charles Cavendish Ben-

tinck do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Estates within the County of Northampton, and residing near, or occasionally travelling, the Road herein after described, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Foot of a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, called Saint Mary's Bridge, through the Towns or Parishes of Little Bowden, Dingley, Brampton, Stoke Albany, Wilba Middleton,

Cott'mgham, and Rockingham, in the said County of Northampton, to the West Side of the Toll Bar at the North End of the Town of Rockingham aforesaid, is greatly out of Repair, and, in many Parts, narrow and incommodious; and that it would be of great Convenience and Advantage to the Petitioners and others residing near, and using, the said Road, and also of Public Utility, if the same was properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair, and the Course thereof altered where necessary: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for- amending widening, turning, and altering the said Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Assheton Curzon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

Thornton and Bagworth Iaplosutt Petition.

Orston Inclosure PetiUonT

Little Bowden and Rockingham Road Petition.

Dunglas Bridge and Haddington, &c. Roads Petition.

Hor&hamNa-vigation Petition.

S3 Geo. III. 20* Februarii. . 231

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Trustees, for amending and keeping in Repair the Turnpike Roads, in the County of ton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " -An Act for repairing the Road " leading from Dunglas Bridge to the Town of

" dington, and from thence to in

" the County of Haddingtonand also, by another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act of the Twenty-third Year of his said late Majesty, certain Powers were given to the Trustees therein named, for amending and keeping in Repair the said Roads, but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged; and that the Road from Kilpallet- to Tranent, by Danskine, Gifford, Salton, and Spindleford Bridge, and also, the Road from Garvald and by

Morhame Loanhead, Saundersdean,

Begbie, Sarnuelston, Pension, and Tranent, and also, the Road from Tranent, by Buxley, to Ormiston, and from thence to the South Boundary of the County at Sal-lersford, and also, the Road leading from Ormiston, through Millmains, by Clouts houses and

wardt into the Post Road at or Birsley Path,

and also, the Road from Raven Bridge to North Berrcick and Tynningham, and Dunbar, by Prestonpans, Gosford, and Abertady, and also, the Road leading from Ravenshaugh Bridge aforesaid, near by Bye-bar, by Preston, Longniddry, and Congalton, to Tynningham, and also, the Road from Gladsmuir Kirk to Dalkeith, by Pension, Burley, and Elphingslon, to the West Boundary of the County at Lonside Head, and also, the Road from Soltra Hill Toll Bar, by Soltra and Keith Bridge, to the House of Muir, where it joius the Road, by Ormiston, by Saltersford, within the said County of Haddington, are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be amended, and kept in proper Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Two Acts, of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending and repairing the before-mentioned Roads, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall appear proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred te the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Hamilton, Sir Gilbert Elliot, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; And have Power to send for Persons, JV pers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Pearsons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Estates, Merchants, Traders, and others, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House; and read; Setting forth, That by Surveys lately taken it appears that a Navigable Communication for the Passage of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels of heavy Burthen between New Bridge, in the Parishes of Ptdborough and Wisborough Green, in the Cojinty of Sussex, and Farthing Bridge, near the Town of Horsham, in the said County

Vol. 48.

of Sussex, may be made by Means of widening, deepening, and cleansing the River Arun, and making necessary Cuts and Deviations by the Sides thereof; and that the making of the said Navigable Communication will be the Means of increasing the Trade and Commerce of the said County of Sussex in general, and of the Town of Horsham in particular, and will likewise be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said Navigable Communication, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.'

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sargent, Mr. Howard,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for repairing the Roads from the Town of Cambridge Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from the and R«y*ton said Town of Cambridge to Royston, in the Counties of I\oad8 ®‘1! Cambridge and Essex, was read a Second Time. commi e '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Adeane, Mr. Charles Yorke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Alexander Raby, Esquire, one of the Pennygored Proprietors of certain Tin Works, in the County of Tin Work* Pembroke, called The Pennygored Works, on Behalf of Petlllon-himself, and the other Proprietors of the said Works, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Proprietors of the said Works are obliged to consume great Quantities of Coals in carrying on their Works, and from the Scarcity of Coal within the said County, they are obliged to import the same from other Counties at a yery great Expence, exclusive of the Duty payable upon such Coals, and The Pennygored Works are the only Tin Works in this Kingdom where the Coals made use of for carrying on the Works are charged with any Duty whatsoever; and that The Pen-nygoi'ed Wotics have, from Time to Time, been improved by different Proprietors at a very great Expence, but, owing to the high Price of Coals, and other Causes, the said Works have frequently been discontinued, to the great Distress of the Poor Persons who were employed in those Works, hut, notwithstanding the Disadvantages which ,the Proprietors of the said Works labour under, in carrying on their Wrorks, they now find Employment for a great Number of Poor Persons, who must otherwise be iu Want of the Means of supporting themselves and their Families, and might therefore become chargeable to their respective Parishes, and that a much greater Number would be employed, if the Duty on Coals was drawn back for the said Manufactory; and that the Petitioners are informed, that, in order to encourage the Working the Copper and Lead Mines in the Island oiAnglesey, an Actwas passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon all Coals used in -working those Mines, and, if the like Indulgence was al- . lowed to the Proprietors of the Pennygored Tin Works, for all the Coals used by them in carrying on their Works, it would enable theip to improve and extend their present Works so as to employ a much greater Number of Poor Persons than they will otherwise be enabled to do, if they continue to pay the Duty on the Coals they consume in carrying on the said Works:

And therefore praying the House to take their Case into Consideration, and to give them such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

Shipton and Isle worth Ca nal Petition reported.

Petition for kiniting the Brauns ton and Brent> ford, and Shipton and Isleworth Canals.

232 20° Februarii. , 1793.

Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir W Lewes, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Jervoise reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of his Grace the Duke of Marlborough, and the humble Petition of divers Gentlemen, Land Owners, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, residing in the Counties of Oxford, Buckingham, and Middlesex, and in the adjoining Counties, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as foU loweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Weston, an Engineer, being examined, said. That, by a Survey he has lately taken, it is practicable to make a Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Oxford Canal Navigation, within the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Oxford, through the interior Parts of the Counties of Oxford, Buckingham, and Middlesex, to join and communicate with the River Thames, at, or near, Isleworth, which will be the Means of ppening a direct Passage, and a safe and expeditious Method of carrying Goods and Merchandize, from the said Oxford Canal to the City of London', and that such Canal, by its respective Communications with the Oxford Canal, and the Thames and Severn Canal, will open a beneficial Intercourse, by Inland Navigation, between the City of London, and the great Commercial and Manufacturing Towns and Places in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, Lancaster, Chester, Salop, Worcester, Hereford, and Gloucester, the City of Bristol, the Principality of Wales, and other Places in the Northern and Western Parts of this Island; and will also, by going through the said Counties of Oxford, Buckingham, and Middlesex, and to, or near, divers Towns situated therein, increase the Value of Landed Property, facilitate the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize, furnish Employment for the Poor, and, in many other Respects, will be of great Public U tility.

Mr. Hugh Henshall and Mr. Samuel Simcock, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Weston.

Ordered, That Leave be given to , bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Oxford Canal Navigation, within the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Oxford, to join and communicate with the River Thames, at, or near, Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Jerooise and Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being of the Committee, for, and on Behalf, of themselves and the rest of the Petitioners for The London and Western Oanal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears by the Votes, that Two several Applications are now depending in the house, the One for a BUI for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford, Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, intended to be called The Grand Junction Canal, and for making

and maintaining cartain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, and the other of the said Applications for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the said Oxford Canal at Shipton, in the County of Oxford, to the River Thames, at Isleworth, in the said County of Middlesex, intended to be called The London and Western Canal, and tfre said proposed Canals are intended to commence nt Places very distant from each other, and to open different Communications, and severally appear to have in view Objects of great Public Utility; and that the said Canals, in their Progress through the County of Bucks, approach within the Distance of Six Miles of each other at Mersworth, and, as they advance nearer to the Thames, come at some Places within the Distance of One hundred Yards, and in other Places nearer, and proceed in nearly a parallel Direction to their respective Points of Termination; and the Petitioners conceive it would effectually answer all the good Purposes of the Public, as well as of those interested in the said Two several Schemes of Navigation, and would also be a Matter of great Accommodation to many of the Land Owners, through whose Property the said Canals are intended to pass, if the said Canals were to be united, and tQ form One Canal only, from or near Mersworth aforesaid, and such Junction would

also be a Saving of a very considerable Expence tq the Undertakers of the different Lines of Canal, and in many other Respects tend greatly to their mutual Advantage: And therefore praying. That, in the Bill now before the House for effecting the said intended Canal from Braunston to the said River Thantes, Provision may be made for uniting the Two several Canals, on such Terms and Conditions as shall be deemed reasonable, at or near Mersworth aforesaid, or at such other Place, on the Line of one or other of the said proposed Canals, as may appear best calculated for promoting the Trade and internal Communication from the various Parts of the Kingdom tq the Metropolis, or, that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at New Bren ford, in the County of Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

A Petition of divers of the Trustees, appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Term contained in Two several " Acts of Parliament, and to repair, widen, and amend, the Road from the Guide Post, at the " Westerly End of Newton Lane, within the Township of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Austerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, " in the County of York," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Term and Powers of the said Act will not be sufficient for the Payment of the several Sums of Money advanced upon the said Road, the Interest thereupon, and the Repair of such Road: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter, amend, and enlarge, the Powers and Term contained in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term contained in Two several Acts of " Parliament, and to repair, widen, and amend, the

" Road

Manchester and A aster-lands Roads Petition.

rt Road from the Guide Post, at the Westerly End " of Nervton Lane, within the Township of Manchester,

" in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Austerlands,

" in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York," which Road leads through the Townships of Failsworth and Oldham, and the Hamlet of Cross ,in the said County of Lancaster', and lies within the several Parishes of Manchester. and Ashton under

Lyne, and that the Petitioners may have Power to make the said Road through the Townships of Moston, in the said Parish of Manchester, and of Chadderton, in the said Parish of Prestwick, and through the said Parish of Saddleworth, in the said County of York, to Austerlands aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Swinton and A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Free-

Nlkston* Ca- holders. Manufacturers, and others, of the West Riding eution. 0£ t|je (jounty of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by a Survey lately taken, it appears, that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels may be made from the River Dunn Navigation Cut, in the Township of Sainton, in the Parish of Win the West Riding of the County of Yot'k, to, or near to, Silkstone, in the said Riding, with a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, in the Township of to unite, in

the Township of Barnsley, with an intended Canal from the lliver Colder, near Wakefield, to Bridge and Barnby Bridge, and also another Collateral Cut from the said first-mentioned Canal, in the Township of Wombwell, to a certain Close belonging to the Right honourable Earl Yttzwilliam, called Cob-car Ing, in the Township of Iloyland, all in the said Riding; and that the making and maintaining of such Canal and Collateral Cuts, and such other Cuts communicating the rewith, as may be found necessary, and also proper Towing Paths, Railways, and other Roads to such Canal and Collateral Cuts, will open an easy Communication between several valuable Coal Mines and the Towns of Rotherham and Sheffield, the Port of Hull, and several Parts of the East and West Ridings of the County of York, and of the County of,

and the Country with which the said intended Canal and Collateral Branches will communicate, by Means of the River Dunn, and will facilitate the Conveyance of Timber, Stone, Limestone, Lead, Iron, Corn, Groceries, and other Articles, to and from the Towns and Parts adjacent, and the Country with which the said Canal and Collateral Cuts will communicate as aforesaid, and will tend to the Improvement of the adjacent Lands, and be a Means of preserving the Highways, and will also be of Public Benefit: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts as aforesaid, with proper Towing Paths, Railways, and other Roads to communicate therewith, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that tl^ey do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Dun-combe, Sic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

V o l.48.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Ma- Stainforth nufacturers, and others, in the Counties of York and Keadby and Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Cana! Pea-Setting forth, That, by a Survey lately taken, it ap- lon‘ pears, that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, and other Vessels, may be conveniently made from the River Dunn Cut* near Stainfiorth, in the County of York, through the Township of Stainfiorth, and the Parishes of Hatfield and Thome, in the said County of York, and through the Parishes of Crowle and Althorpe, and the Township of Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at, or near, Keadby, in the said County of Lincoln, and also, that another Canal for the Navigation of Boats, and other Vessels, may be conveniently made, branching from the said first-mentioned Canal upon 'Thorne Common, near the Sluice, in the Parish of Thome aforesaid, to join and communicate with the said River Dunn, at, or near, a Place called Hangman Hill, in the said Parish of Thorne, in the said County of; and that the making and maintaining of such Navigable Canals, together with such Navigable Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary, and also proper Railways communicating the rewith, together with necessary Roads and Towing Paths on the Banks thereof, will be the Means of opening a Communication with several considerable Iron Works, and other Manufactories, and several Mines of Coals, and other Minerals, and will, in other Respects, be of great Public Utility:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Navigable Canals, and such Navigable Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary, together with proper Railways to communicate therewith, and also necessary Roads and Towing Paths on the Banks thereof, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. WilberfiorceMr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names. are Brotherton thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors and Sutton of ancient Common Right Houses and Frontsteads JJBC!°?ure within the several Townships of Brotherton, Sutton, etltMm* and Knotlingley, in the County of York, and also of divers Owners of Lands and Grounds within the respective Townships of Brotherton and Sutton aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That there are, within the Townships of Brotherton and Sutton aforesaid, or One of them, a certain Common or Waste Ground, called Brotherton Marsh, and divers other Open Grounds, the Property of the Petitioners, and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but might be greatly improved, if such Common or Waste Ground," or such Part thereof as may be thought proper, was stinted and regulated, and the Residue, if any, together with the W'hole, or such Part of the other Open Grounds within the said Townships as may be judged expedient, were divided and inclosed, or exonerated from Right of Average, and if the Whole of the said Lands and Grounds were drained and embanked: And therefore praying, That Leave may be giv^n to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in sucTi Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberfiorce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

3 O A Petition

Speeton

Inclosure

Petition.

Kirk Sandall, &c. Inclosure Petition.

Wakefield and Halifax Road Bill reported.

Bellmal G reen

Paving Petition.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Open Fields, Lands, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Township of Speeton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Hiding of the County of Ycertain Open Arable Fields, Lands, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes, computed to contain, in the Whole, about 1,800 Acres; and that the said Fields and Lands, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement, but, if the same, were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. D do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Freeholders of Sandall, Ijong Sandall, and Street Thorin the Parish of Kirk Sandall, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within Kirk Sandall, Long Sandall, and Street Thorpe, in the said Parish of Kirk Sandall, several Open Fields, Com-nious, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and Allotments thereof made to the Owners, and all other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, and proper Allotments of Land or Payments directed to be made and ascertained, in lieu of, and as an Equivalent and Compensation for, Tythes, to the Owners thereof, it would be an Improvement of their Estates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, and making Compensation for Tythes, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Kir. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving, continuing, and amending certain Acts, of the Fourteenth and Thirtieth Years of King George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the Road from the North End of Wakefield Bridge to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the' Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Streets, Lanes,

and other Public Passages and Places, within the said Parish, as also such Parts of Old Cock Lave, and York Street, as lie in the Parish of Leonard Shoreditch,

02

A. 1793.

are very ill paVed, and greatly obstructed by Posts and Bars, and annoyed by Signs, Gutters, and other Encroachments projecting into, and over, the same; and that the repairing the said Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, and removing all Obstructions therein, will be very advantageous to the Inhabitants thereof, and also of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That I.eave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it hall appear to them, to the House:

And it is refereed to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Bottom of Galley , near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Clanfielin the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill, near the Town of to the

Cross in Clanfield, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. Wiglcy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, of the - Counties of Oxford and Buckingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Sir William Dolben accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, ami found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Isaac Clark, a Surveyor, being examined, said, That the Road leading from Neat Emtone, over Heyford Bridge, to the Town of Bicester, and from thence to Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, is in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious; and that it would be of great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if the said Road wa3 to be properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and repairing the Road from Clay Hill, in the Turnpike Road between Neat Enstone and Chipping Norton, in the County of Oxford, over Heyfot'd Bridge, to the Water Lane, in the Town of Bicester, in the said County, and from Bicester aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in Weston on the Green, in the said County: And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. Page, and the Marquis of Bland ford, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Henry Engetl, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for naturalizing Henry Engcll.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Curtis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Mr.

'20* Febru

Galley Hill and Clanfield Road Bill passed.

Neat Enstone and Bicester Road Petition reported.

Engvlf* Nat Bill passed.

Basingstoke Navigation TPetition reported.

Ways and Means deferred.

Committee on American Trade Acts deferred.

20° Febru

2 35

Mr. Chute reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Basingstoke Canal Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Stauding Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to raise any further additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, art Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making a " Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with " the River Wey, in the Parish of in the County of Surrey, and to the South East Side of the " Turnpike Road, in the Parish of in the said

" County of Southampton," was read; whereby it appeared that the said Company were authorized to raise by Contribution amongst themselves the Sum of 126,000l.: And,

Mr. George Stubbs being examined, said. That the Sum which the said Company have raised and laid out by virtue of the said Act, together with Interest now due, and the Debts they have incurred, amount to more than the Sum they were authorized to raise — And he added, that the Works directed by the said Act are not yet completed, and it will require a further Sum to be raised for finishing and completing the same, and to discharge the said Interest and' Debts, and to pay the accruing Interest of the Money raised and to be raised by virtue of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for effectually carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton,

to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and to the South East Side of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of giss, in the said County of SouthamptonAnd that Mr. Chute and Sir William Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being reed accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,. " An Act for preventing certain Instruments " from being required from Ships, belonging to the " United States of America; and to give to His Majesty, for a limited Time, certain Powers for the " better carrying on Trade and Commerce between " the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the " Inhabitants of the said United States; " and also, of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend " the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-third " Year of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade " and Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the United " States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of Vol. 48.

" this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles u therein mentioned; " and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue the Laws now in FWce for regulating the " Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as " the same relate trt the Trade and Commerce carried " on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the " Countries belonging to the said United States."

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Netherton Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintain- amlSellyOak inga Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the Canal Bill County Of Worcester, to the Worcester and Binninghain conlniltu ' Canal, now making at, or near, SOak, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cats to communicate-therewith;

Ordered, That ‘the said Bill be now re id a 'Second Tirfte.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Counsel be now called in;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Edward Botiverie :} *

Teller, for the Noes, {$£ , } 42.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygom,

Mr. Wigley, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Company of Pro- Petition's prietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Faze- refer-ley Canal Navigations; and also, the Petition of the Counsel Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Wor- ori]cred. ccslershire Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, und other Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and th£ Neighbourhood thereof; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford: and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Northampton; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Coventry; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants of the City of Coventry; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of the Dudley Canal Navigation; and also the petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Atherstone, in tire County of Warwick; and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation, which were /presented to the House upon the 21st Day of December last, and the i ltli and 14th Days of this Instant February, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that such of the Petitioners as desire to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,

206 — 21° Februarii.

A. 1793.

proceedings on East India Judicature Act.

mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Conn mittee to whom the said Bill is committed.

And then the House adjobrned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jervis, 21* die;

Anno 33® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1793.

PftAYERS.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the Names of all the Members of this House, who had delivered in Lists, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

South Mil-fourth and Lumby Inclosure Bill presented.

and read; Setting forth, That the said Act is near expiring, and the Money due on the Credit thereof cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Act is further continued and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act.

Ordered That the staid Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Scudamore, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow. Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, resi- Odiham and ding in and near the Towns of Odiham and Alton, in the Alton Road County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from the West End of the Town of Odih, to the East End

of the Town of Alton, through the Parishes and Tythings of Odiham, Northwarnborough,

Shalden, Ansty, and Alton, in the County of Southampton, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious in many Parts, and cannot be repaired and wideued by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law; And there-

Petiiiou.

Armley Tr.-closure Petition.

fore pvaying, That Leave may be given to bring in Bill for repairing and widening the said Road, in such Sir William Mordaunt Milner presented to the House, Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House according to Order, a Bill for jiividing and inclosing shall appear meet and expedient

..... Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir William Heath-cote, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

the Open Parts of the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Hamlets of South Milforth and Lumby, in the Parish of Sherburn,

in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Owners of Lands within the Manor and Township of Armley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Manor and Township, a certain Parcel of Waste Ground, called Armley Moor or Hertford, in the County of Hertford

A Petition of the Trustees for the River Lee Navi- Petitions legation, from the City of London, to the Borough of sPectinglb*

Crickhowell Roads Petition,

Common, and other Parcels of Waste Grounds, containing together about 175 Acres, whereon the Petitioners and others have Right of Common; and that the said Common and Waste Grounds, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if inclosed and divided into specific Allotments, would be of more equal and general Advantage to all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common and Waste Grounds, in such planner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Mordaunt Miner and Mr. Sotheron do prepare and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Trustees, named and acting under the Authority of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, and altering the Roads leading from

in the County of Brecon, to the Cross Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City " of Hereford and Ross, and from a Place called The " Lower Crossways, in the Parish of Maughan\ " to the Town of Grossmount, in the County of " mouth, and from a Smith's Shop at Stanton, in the " Parish of Llanvihangel, to Chapel a Fine, in the same " County, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of Hereford, to " Pontanast, in the Parish of , in the said

" County," and of several other Persons, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House,

And also.

A Petition of the Traders and Inhabitants of the County of Hertford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Navigation of the River Lee from the City of London, to the Borough of Hertford, has for many Years past been and now is, a Public Navigation for the Carriage of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, particularly Flour, Malt, and Timber, from the Country, and Coals from London, and has been supported, preserved, and improved, from Timeto Time, under and by virtue of ancient Commissions of -Sewers, and several Acts of Parliament; for which Purposes, as the Petitioners have been informed, many large Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are still owing, on the Credn and Security of the said Acts, to the great Burthen of the said Navigation and the Traders thereon; and that, by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and several subsequent Acts, a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Pence per Chaldron was imposed, and has been continued, on all Coals brought into th.e Port of London, for building certain Churches in, or near, the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, which may, and as the Petitioners have Reason to believe, have been fully answered, but, if not it does not appear from the said Acts, or the Purposes to which the said Duty wus applicable, that the same was ever intended as a Tax or Duty on the Consumers of

Coals

Duty on Coals.

Ql0 Febriiariu

§3?

Petition respecting the Duty on Cods.

Coals distant from the said Cities, or on the Inhabitants of the County of ,who, from the Convenience and Use of the said Navigation, have become subject thereto, and so continued without Complaint or Objection, until the late Improvement of the said Navigation by Canals, from the great Expence thereof, made it necessary to charge heavy Tolls thereon, for' defraying its Incumbrances and supporting its Works; and that the necessary Tolls or Duties of the said Navigation, added to the said Duty of Three Shillings and Four Penceper Chaldron on Coals, are now become so great a Charge on the Trade in Coals carried on by Means of the said Navigation from , as not only to

check and discourage the same, but also to be very burthensome on the Carriage of all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to the Markets, and for the Supply of the Cities aforesaid, to the great Prejudice thereof: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and either to repeal the said Duty on Coals, agreeable to the Prayer of a Petition lately presented by the City of,

or to yield such other Relief to the Traders on the said Navigation, and the Inhabitants of the said County, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and other Inr-habitants of the Borough of ,in the County of

Hertford, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and several subsequent Acts, a Duty of Three Shillings and Four Pence per Chaldron on Coals was imposed, and has been continued, on all Coals brought into the Port of London, for building certain Churches in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Purposes therein mentioned, and those Purposes, as appears to the Petitioners, have been fully provided for many Years ago by the Operation of the said Acts; and that the Petitioners are supplied with Coals from the Port of London, at an enhanced Price, arising from the Exaction of the said Duty still continuing, and, conceiving that the said Tax could be intended for no other than local and temporary Purposes, beg leave to submit the Premises to the House, praying such Relief as to them shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

UWerstone Mr. Braddyll reported from the Committee, to whom Canal Peti- the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are tk>oreported, thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the-Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and He as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, said, That the Town of Ulverstone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is a Place of Trade, but by reason that there is not any Bason, Dock, or Pier in which the Shipping resorting to the stud Town may be conveniently moored, or loaded or discharged, and the said Town being situated at the Distance of Two Miles or upwards from the Sea Beach, the Carriage and Exportation of Goods and Merchandize are expensive and incommodious. That it would greatly tend to the Benefit of the said Town if a Navigable Canal could be made from a Place called Hammerside Hill, in the Parish of Ulverstone, to Weint End, in the said Parish.

Vol. 48.

Ordered, That Leavebe giveti to bring ih.a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from a Place called Hammerside Hill, in the Parish of stone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to a Place called Weint End, near the Town of Ulverstone aforesaid: And that Mr. Braddyll and Lord George Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Trustees for the Care of several Montotfott Roads leading to, through, and from the Town of Road*p<tiw Monmouth, was presented to the House, and read; tion* Setting forth, That an Act w as made, in the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from, the said Town, and by an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Term of the said Act was further continued, and divers other Powers and Authorities were given to the Trustees, for more effectually repairing the said Roads; and that a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, and is now due, on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which cannot be paid off, and the Roads.kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and some Amendments and Alterations made therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts for such.

Time, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bragge, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees under certain Acts, fifr Sevtnoak** repairing several Roads hereafter mentioned, and of Tunbridge-the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Sevenoakes, *

Tunbridge, Pembury, and Brenchley, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing*

" amending, and rendering more effectual, so much " of Three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads " from Sevenoakes, Tunbridge-Wells, and -

" Cross, to Lamberhurst-Pound and iu

" the County of Kent, and to Flimwell-Vent, in the " County of'Sussex, as relates to the Road leading from " Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate,

" and Kippings-Cross, in the said County of Kent and that great Progress hath been made in amending the said Road from Sevenoakes Common to Tunbridge-Wells, and Kippings-Cross, and a large Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, by the said Act authorized to be taken thereon, which still remains unpaid, and the same cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge-Wells, and Kippings-Cross, be kept in good Repair, unless-the Terms of the said Acts, so far as relate to the said District of Road from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge-Wells, and Kippings-Cross, be continued, and the Powers of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said last mentioned Roads, are altered, amended, and enlarged; and that the Road leading from Tunbridge-Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid, in the said Parish of Tunbridge, is in a ruinous Condition, very narrow, and impassable for Carriages, and in general very dangerous, and cannot be widened and effectually

3 P repaired,

21° Februa

238

repaired, and kept in Repair, by the drdinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be' given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and rowers of the said Acts, so far as the samfe relate to the said District of Road from Common to Woods-

gate and Tunbridge-Wells, and from WoodsgaU to Kippings-Cross, and also for repairing and widening the said Road leading from Tunbridge-fVells to aforesaid, in the Parish Of aforesaid, in sdch

Manner, and under such Regulations; as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine (he Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them,-to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Hotiywood, Mr. j Plunier, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

ftichmotul A' Petition of the Ldnd Owners, Traders, Manu-small Debts ftctuTers, and Mine Adventurers, within the Liberty Petition. and Franchise of Richmondand in the

North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, within the Court Baron of the said Liberty and Franchise, Plea hath been immemorially held every Three Weeks, or s© often as was requisite; in all Personal Actions arising within the Jurisdiction of the said Court Baron, where the Debt and Damages hath been under Forty Shillings, and that considerable Trades, Manufactories, and Lead Mines, are carried on by Persons residing or dealing within the said Liberty or Franchise (which is very extensive) many of whom contract Debts of Forty Shillings and upwards, to the Amount of Ten Pounds; and that the Expence of prosecuting Causes in the Superior Courts of Justice at Westminster is so great, that many honest Creditors are often discouraged from attempting to recover their just Debts, when the same amount to Forty Shillings, but under Ten Pounds, and by that Means several evil-disposed persons, who have contracted small Debts under Ten Pounds within the said Liberty and Franchise, often refuse Payment thereof, and set their Creditors at Defiance, whose Interest it is rather to give up their Debts than prosecute for the same in His Majesty's Superior Courts of Justice; and that to regulate the Practice and Proceedings of the said Court Baron, and extend the Jurisdiction thereof to hold Pleas for Debts and Damages under Ten Pounds, would contribute greatly to promote Industry and encourage useful Credit, and be a considerable Advantage to the Inhabitants and Others living or trading within the Jurisdiction of the said Court Baron: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Practice and Proceedings, and extending the Jurisdiction of the said Court Baron.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear, to them, to the House:

; And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

Set.: And they are to' tneet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fisher's Nat. Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Bill reported Whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An' and passed. Act for naturalizing John William Fisher, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table,.

A. 1793.

- And the said Bill was reaid the Third Tinie.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint Ihem, that this House hath agreed to the same^ without any Amendment

Mr, Charles Yorke presented to the House, according Bill forbettei to Order, a Bill for the better ordering and regulating regulating the Manner of feeding, using, cultivating) and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds lying in Chatteris Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of presented.

bridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of < certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the same; iand for holding in Severalty for ever certain Parts dr Lots, being Part of the said Grotltads, called Acre Fen and Little Ferry Burrotos, in the said Parish of Chat-

teris: And the same was received; and read the First Tinie.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names cliff and are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and Lund inclo-Estates, in the Townships of Cliff and in the sure Petition.

Parish of Hemingbrough. in the East Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That there are, within the said Townships, certain Commons or Waste Grounds, and also several Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pasture Lands; and that the Lands of the Proprietors, in the said Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Quantities, and the whole of the said Commons or Waste Grounds, and other Open Lands and Grounds, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to all the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and "Restrictions as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Sotheron and the Lord Downe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Pemberton Milnes, Richard Ellison, Bawtry and Henry Ellison, and John Ellison, Esquires, Thomas Ma- Se % Road pies, William Middlebrook, John Brmon, Thomas - Pctltion‘ nings, John Smith, and Thomas Oxley, Gentlemen, was presented to the House, and read, Setting forth; That the Road, leading from the North East End of Bawtry, in the County of York, through the several Parishes of Blyth, Finningley, Cantley, Hatfield, Thorne,

Snaith, Drax, and Bray ton, or some of them, within the Counties of York and Nottingham, to the Town of Selby, in the said County of York, is, in general, crooked and indirect, being composed of various Roads leading from one Village or District to another, and the greatest Part thereof ruinous, and1 much out of Repair, dnd dangerous to Travellers: And ther6-fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing the Road from a certain Place, at the North East End of the Town of Bawtry, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town' of Selby, in the said Riding and County,' and which said Road is intended to pass through, over, or to, the several Parishes, Townships, or Districts, of Blyth, Bawtry, Austerfield, Finningley, Blaxlon, Cantley,

froodhouse, Hatfield- Thorne, Razccliffe, Cowick,

Carlton, Cambleforth, Drax, Bray ton, and or some of them, in the said Counties of York and Nottingham.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Downe, Mr. Wiberforce,

12

33 GecK III. 21° Februarih $£§

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the> Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Snaith and A Petition of the Right honourable Christopher baukmeJt'11* Burton Dawnay Lord yisCouot Damn? of the Kingdom and Drainage of Ireland, Henry Yar, Esquire, Robert Petition. John Frickley, Hairy Peter William

Bradley, and Joseph H Gentlemen, was presented

to the Hotwe; and read; Setting forth. That the present Embankment and Drainage on and over certain Lands and Grounds within the Township of and Cowick, and Parish of Snflith, in the West Riding of the County, of York, bean to, or'adjoining on, the South- Side of- the Rivet Air? and the Township of Gowdall, -made for- the Preservation of the said Lands from the -Floods and Waters to which the same are subject, is in a ruinous and bad State: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing the said Banks, and likewise to make new Drains, and enlarge the old Drains, to make new Cloughs, Sluices, and Bridges, and to amend the old Cloughs, Sluices, and Bruges, within the said Township of Snaith and Cawick, as Occasion may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sot heron, the Lord Downe, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

WalcotPav- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are ing, &c. thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates and

Petition. Houses, or Residents, within such Part of the Parish

of Walcot, near the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, as lies out of the Precincts or Jurisdiction of the said City, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places within that Part of the said Parish of JValcot, which is not within the Precinct or Jurisdiction of the City of Bath, are very insufficiently paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and, for want of a proper and efficient Police, are subject to many Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Inconveniencies, and that it would tend greatly to the Safety and Accommodation of Persons residing in, or resorting to, the said Parts of the said Parish, if proper Powers were established for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the same, for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Inconveniencies, and for establishing a proper and efficient Police therein, and also to license and regulate a convenient Number of Hackney Coaches and Chairs, to limit their Distanoes, fix their Fares, with Rules and Orders for their well-being and Regulation: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes above-mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Owen, the Lot& Bayham, Sic.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hurdlow A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting House, Stuck- in execution Five Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year port, &c. of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, Petl* in the Third, Twenty-second, and Twenty-sixth Years 0D' Vo l.48.

of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Hurdlow House and Sherbrooke Hill, through Buxton and Hemestone Ldne Head, through Chapel in the Frith, irt the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and from- Ardwick Green to the School House in Didsbury, and for repairing the Road from the School House in Didsbury to the Bridge in Wilm-slmv, in the said County of Chester, and other Roads therein -mentioned, and for turning and diverting the Roads from Whaley Bridge to Chapel in the Frith, and to Sparrow Pit Gate, and from Whaley Bridge to the Western End of Lorigside Commori, in the County of

Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the - Trustees, appointed by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded ini the execution thereof, and have borrowed considerable, Sufrs of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby, granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied, according to the Direction of the said Acts; and that the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Roads be properly amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts be enlarged, and further and other Powers granted, and if the said Five several Acts were repealed, and the said Roads divided into separate Parts, and a particular Act passed for amending, widening, turning, varying, altering, and improving, each of the said Parts of the said Roads, it would be a great Convenience to the Trustees, and the Roads might be more properly attended to and kept in Repair; and that Part of the Road which leads from the Top of Manchester Hill, through the Town of Stockport, is very steep, and, from the Narrowness of the Streets in that Town, and the - sharp and sudden Turnings in . several of them, the Passage through the same is rendered very incommodious and dangerous, and it would be greatly for the Convenience of the Public if the said Road was turnea or altered, from a certain Part thereof leading from Manchester to Stockport, at or near a Place in Heaton , in the said County of Lancaster, called Green's , through certain inelosed Lands, in Heaton Norris aforesaid, to the old Bridge at Stockport, and it would also be of great Utility to the said Town, and to all Persons resorting thereto, if Provision was made for. purchasing and pulling down several Houses and other Buildings, in some of the Streets in Heaton and Stockport aforesaid, and to widen the said Streets, and to remove, and prevent all Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein; and that it would also be greatly for the Convenience of the Public if a new Branch was made out of the said Turnpike Road at Barmoor Clough, near Chapel in the Frith aforesaid, to communicate with, and join the present. Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield, in the said County of York, to Buxton aforesaid, at or near a Place, called Fairfield, in the said County of Derby, and to be kept in Repair, and included in one of the said Acts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid,- in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Scott, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Frederick Gottlieb Bocchis, was pre- BoCCiu$», sented to the House, and read; Praying, That Leave Nat.Petition;

may

may be given to bring iti a Bill for his Natura- the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, lization. intituled, "An Act for making and establishing pub-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- lie Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon for the cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that " better securing His Majesty's Revenue of Customs,

Sir George Jackson and Mr. Henry Hobart do prepare, and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of

" Kingston upon for making a Bason or Dock'

" with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works,

" for the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port,

" and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to " His Majesty, and for applying certain Sums of " Money out of His Majesty's Customs at the said " Port for those Purposes, and for establishing other " necessary Regulations within the Town and Port " of Kingston upon Hull" His Majesty was empowered, to appoint open Quays at the Port of Kingston upon , in the Manner directed by the said Act, and barton upon Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according the Company thereinafter described were empowered

Hun>l>«r in- to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing to make a Bason or Dock, to extend from the River Crented'l ^Pen Fields, Ings, Marshes, and Common Pastures, Hull to a Place in the said Town called Beverley Gate,

arid other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds or as near thereto as conveniently might be, and to within the Lordship of Barton upon Humber, in the make the same in all Parts equal in Depth to the Bed County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and of the River, or at least within Fifteen Inches of the read the First Time. same, for the Admission of loaded Ships, and of such

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Width, at the least, as the Ground granted by the said Act would admit, and such Reservoirs, Sluices, Petition to A Petition of Edmund Estcourt, Edward Kendall, Bridges, Roads, and other W orks, as should be ofthV Breck* anc* Alexander Raby, Esquires, being Proprietors of the judged necessary, and also a Quay or Wharf of a suf-hock'aud" Monmouthshire Canal Navigation, on Behalf of them- ficient Length for the Trade of the said Town and Pont y pool selves and the rest of the said Proprietors, was pre- Port, to range along the Side of the said Dock next Canal. sented to the House, and read; Taking.Notice of the the Town, and the Mayor and Burgesses of the said: Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal . Town of Kingston upon Hull, the Guild or Brother-from the Town of Brecknock to the Monmouthshire hood of Masters and Pilots Seamen of the Trinity Canal, near the Town of Pont y pool, in the County of House of Kingston upon Hull, and the several Persons Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways whose Names are therein for that Purpose mentioned, and Stone Roads, from such Canal, to several Iron and all others who should become Subscribers towards Works and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock and the Expence of carrying on the said Works, their Monmouth; and Setting forth, That the said intended Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Navigable Canal, if made according to the Line now with such other Persons as they, or the major Part of proposed for that Purpose, and described in the Map . them, should at any Meeting appoint, were constituted or Plan referred to by the said Bill, will be highly a Company for the Purposes of the said Act, and were prejudicial to the Interest of the Petitioners and the declared to be a Body Politic and Corporate, by the rest of the Company of Proprietors of the Monmouth- Name of " The Dock Company at Kingston upon shire Canal Navigation; but, the said intended Canal " Hull'" and, to promote an Undertaking so benefi-might be carried on a I.evel from a Place called Cwm- cial to His Majesty's Revenue, so useful to Navigation, crawnon, in the County of Brecknock, to Pont y moiand so conducive to the Advancement and Security in the County of Monmouth, which would not only of Commerce, certain Parts of His Majesty's Mili-prevent the particular Disadvantages apprehended by tary Works at Kingston upon Hull were thereby given the Petitioners and the rest of the said Company of and granted for the Uses and Purjmses befofe-men-Proprietors, but be as convenient and advantageous tioned, and for no other, and the said Company were to the Subscribers to the said intended Canal, and of thereby required at all Times sufficiently to repair, equal Utility to the Public: And therefore praying, support, and cleanse, the said Dock and Quay, and That Provision may be made in the said Bill for carry- all other Works toTae made by them by virtue of the ing the Line of the said intended Canal upon the said said Act, and, in order to facilitate the execution of Level, from Cwmcrawnon to Pont ymoile as aforesaid, the said Works, the Sum of £. 15,000 was directed to-or that the Petitioners and the rest of the said Company be paid out of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs at may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the the said Port, at the Times, and in the Manner therein House shall seem meet. mentioned, and the said Company were authorized

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the to raise among themselves a Sum of Money, not ex-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- ceeding 80,000, to be divided into Shares of £. 500 mine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall each, and the several Subscribers were to receive, after appear to them, to the House: the Works should be completed, a proportionable

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Morgan, Part of the Profits arising from the Money so to be See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at raised, and to contribute an adequate Proportion -of Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and the Money towards the Expence of carrying on the have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Re- said Undertaking, and, if the said Sum of 80,000 cords. should not be raised, or should be insufficient for

making the said Dock, and other Works, the said Corn-Hull Ducks A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town pany were thereby authorized to borrow at Interest, 1‘etiuon. of Kingston upon Hull, the Guild or Brotherhood of on the Credit of the Rates and Duties granted by the blasters and Pilots Seamen of the Trinity House of said Act, so much Money as might make up the said Kingston upon. Hull, under their respective Common Sum of 80,000, or such further Sum of Money as Seals, and of the Merchants, Ship Owners, and prin- might be wanted for completing the said Works, not cipal Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Kingston exceeding the Sum of £. 20,000; and certain Rates upon Hull, and others, interested in the Trade and and Duties, particularly expressed in the said Act, Shipping of the said Port, was presented to the House, were thereby granted to the said Company on all Ships

and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in or Vessels frequenting the said Port, and made paya-

ble

tutu liij me ouiiici

ed,

Pawnbrokers Mr. Alderman Watson presented to the House, afc-Bjlt present- cording to Order, a Bill to continue, for a limited Time, an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for furthefr regulating the Trade or Business of Pawn-u brokersAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be bead a Second Time.

ble from the 31st Day of December 1774, and the said Company were also thereby empowered to chuse Nine Persons from among themselves, and also Six Persons, Inhabitants of the said Town, not being Members of the said Company, or of either of the said Corporations, which Fifteen Persons, with the Mayor of the said Town for the Time being, and Two of the Aldermen, to be appointed by the Mayor and Aldermen, the acting Warden, one Elder Brother, and one Assistant, of the said Guild or Brotherhood, were, by the said Act, appointed Commissioners for the Purposes therein mentioned, and were authorized and required to make Contracts for the execution of the s.aid Works, to appoint Officers, and make Bye Laws and Orders,

subject to the Contfoul of the said Company, who are; thereby authorized to alter or annul the same, and the said Commissioners were authorized to purchase Lands and Tenements for making Roads, or for making or textending any of the Works, or for laying Soil, Rubbish, Utensils, and Materials, upon, and for other Purposes of the said Act, but for no dther Use, Intent, or Purpose, whatsoever; and if, after the Works, for which such Purchases were made, should he finished, there should remain any Land that should not be used, or should not thereafter be wanted, for the Purposes of the said Act, the same was vested in the said Commissioners, and they were empowered to sell and convey the same for the best Price that could be got, and apply the Money to the Use of the said Company; and that the said Dock Company have made a Bason or Dock for the Reception and Harbouring of Ships and Vessels extending from the River Hull, near to Beverley Gales, as directed by the said Act, and also a Quay or Wharf ranging on the Side thereof, next the Town, which, in the Year 1779, when the same was completed, was thought sufficient for the Reception of the Ships then belonging to the said Port, but which is at present much too small, the Ships resorting to the Port being now more than double the Number they were at that Time; and that, by the said Act all Ships that come to the Port of Kingston upon Hull are liable to pay the Dock Dues, which are much higher than at any other Port, and, the Petitioners conceive, are therefore entitled to receive all the Benefit intended by the said Act, for the Convenience and Accommodation of Trade and Shipping, by being provided with safe and convenient Stations in the Bason or Dock, the very contrary of which is the Case, the Dock Duties having been frequently paid of late Years by many Vessels which could not be admitted into the Dock for Want of Room; and that the Trade of the said Port is of late Years so much increased, and still appears to be in a progressive §tate, and the Ships and Vessels which frequent the same are become so numerous, and of such large Dimensions, that those Advantages, for which more than an adequate Consideration is paid by each Ship, cannot be obtained in the present Dock, which is not capable of properly accommodating Two-thirds of the Ships belonging to, and frequenting, the Port, and those which do obtain Admission into the Dock are in so crowded a State, that the cleansing of the Dock is thereby rendered impracticable, and several Vessels are prevented from going into the same to unlade their Cargoes, and others are detained within it, and retarded from prosecuting their Voyages, to the

Seat Detriment of the Petitioners, of His Majesty's evenue, and of the General Trade and Commerce of the said Port, and, in case of Fire, the total Destruction of the Shipping, and Town of Hull, is almost inevitable; and that, in case the said Bason or Dock should be enlarged and extended, such Losses, Damages, and Inconveniencies, might be prevented, and a safe and commodious Station be provided for the harbouring, lading, and unlading, of the Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port, which the Petitioners Vol. 48.

submit the said Dock Company are bound to do, for which Purposes their Revenues are amply sufficient, for although, from foe erroneous Estimates and Calculations which were formed before the obtaining foe said Act, the said Company were thereby enabled, in Addition' to the Royal Grant of the said Military Works, and the said Sum of £. 15,000, to raise no less than £. 100,000 for carrying on and completing the said Works, yet the Petitioners are well informed, that the whole Expence attending the whole Undertaking, inclusive of the said ,£.15,000, did not exceed the Sum of £. 50 per Cent, on the Money subscribed, and that, although the said Company have not advanced more than £. 250 upon each Share, from the Profits arising from the Sale of Lands purchased for the Purposes of the Act (such were not then wanted) and the Rates and Duties, from the great Increase of Shipping, they have already divided, several Times, the whole Amount of their Advance, with Interest thereupon; and the Petitioners conceive, that the said Grants of the Military Works, and of the said Sum of £.15,000, were made to the said Company, in Consideration that the Estimates then produced, should be complied with (which the Petitioners are prepared to shew were grossly erroneous) and that the Public have a Right to demand, that they shall, from the Produce of the very great Increase of the Dues, by the Advancement of the remaining Fifty per Cent, on the Shares, extend the present Dock; and that the said Company, on being applied to for the Purposes above-mentioned, have admitted that there is not sufficient Room in the present Dock for the increased Number of Ships, but refuse to provide any additional Dock, or to extend the one already made, unless the said Corporations of the Mayor and Burgesses, and Guild or Brotherhood, and the rest of the Petitioners, can obtain from His Majesty a Grant of Thirty Acres of Land, Part of the Military Works of the Garrison on the East Side of the Harbour, and unless they will comply with other Conditions, which, as the same relates to His Majesty's Revenue, they deem extremely unreasonable, and the more so, as the said Company have already a much larger Portion of the said Military Works granted by His Majesty remaining than they have employed, which adjoins foe said Dock or Bason, and extends from thence towards the River Humber, and is on that Account, and in every Respect, the best situated for the Accommodation and Convenience of the Town, and of the Trade and Commerce of the Port; and that the Profits to which each Subscriber is entitled (being granted without any Limitation) has annually increased, and in the present Year produced £.82. 5 for every Share, which the Petitioners conceive ought to be limited, so as not to exceed a certain Yearly Sum per Cent, the Provision already made for the Purpose of reducing the said Rates being entirely nugatory, as, by the said Act, the Power of doing so is left wholly in the Diseretion of the Parties interested, which Pow'er the Petitioners conceive ought to be vested in some indifferent Person, and that some Limitation should be prescribed to the Extent of the said Rates and Duties, and this the Petitioners think the more reasonable, as, on a careful Examination of foe different Acts of Parliament, enacted for the Purposes of establishing and regulating the Docks and Havens in other Parts of the Kingdom, the Rates and Duties thereby granted to the Persons undertaking the same are invariably limited by some of the following Means, namely, the Rates are eifoer granted for a limited Term of Years only, or, if perpetual, they 4M"e limited not to exceed a certain Sum per Cent. Profit on the Sums advanced, and the Surplus directed to be vested in indifferent Persons, and applied to Public Purposes, which, by a Reference to the Statute Book, will fully appear; and that the said Rates and Duties,

3 Q and

and the Money arising from a Sale of the several Parcels of Ground belonging to the said Company, and of such Parts of the said Military Works as may not be necessary for the Extension contended for by the Petitioners, will form an adequate Fund, not only to produce a just and reasonable Profit to the said Subscribers, but also to defray the Expence of providing sufficient Accommodation for the increased Number of Vessels frequenting the said Port, without which the present flourishing State of the Trade and Commerce of the said Town, and of His Majesty's Revenue, must soon be diverted into some other Channel: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for redressing the said Grievances, and for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and subject to such Rules, Oiders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet, or that the Petitioners may receive such other Relief in the Premises as the Nature of their Case may require, and the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Lygon, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Pontefract A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of -Paving^&c. fract an<* Tanshelf, in the West Riding of the County Petition. of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That, by an Act lately passed, for dividing the Park of Pontefract, in the County of York, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, a certain Portion or Allotment of the said Park was set apart, fend severed from the Residue thereof, for the Use of the Inhabitants of Pontefract and in

such Manner, and subject to the Regulations and Restrictions mentioned in the said Act, but that several Amendments are found wanting, in order to render the 6ame more useful to the Inhabitants of the said Towns: That there are Means of supplying the Inhabitants of the said Towns more plentifully and conveniently with Water, from whence great Advantage would be derived, and the said Towns would be greatly Improved, if proper Powers were obtained for lighting, paving, and cleansing the same, and for removing Annoyances therein; and that Regulations in the Towns respecting the Poor, and a Charity School in the said Town of Pontefract, would be of great Benefit to the said Inhabitants: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Thirek, Bag- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are by.&c.'inclo- thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Messuages, sure Petition. Cottages, Frontsteads, and Lands, within the Townships of SThirsk, Bagby, Balt, Carlton, Miniott, and Sand Hutton, within the Parishes of Thirsk and Kirby Knmole, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Townships of Thirsk and Bagby, in the said Parishes of and

9

Part of a certain Moor or Common, called Bagby High Moor, the Part whereof lying within the said Township of Thirsk being also called Thirsk East Moor, and within the said Townships of Thirsk, Carlton,

Miniott, and Sand Hutton, in the said Parish of Thirsk, a certain other Moor or Common, called The West Moor, and Carlton and Sand Hutton Commons, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present open and uninclosed State, are incapable of Improvement, but would be much increased in Value by a Division and Inclosure thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Part of the said Moor or Common, called Bagby High Moor, and the said Moor or Common, called The West Moor, and Carlton

and Sand Hutton Commons, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lor* Walker: have passed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Ladbroke's for vesting certain Estates of Robert Ladbroke, Esquire, Estate Bill, in the Counties of Warwick and Northampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Manors,

Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand limited; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in die Bill to amend Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Act 10 re8u' George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due " making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Bread order.

" Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall ed.

" adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring i a Bill to amend the said Act, with respect to the Time within which certain Prosecutions, directed by the said Act, are to be brought: And that Mr. Daniel Parker Coke and Mr. Pierrepont do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Right Honourable George John Castlethorpe Earl Spencer, and the humble Petition of the several Inclosure Pe-other Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Estates in t*1'00-the Open Fields and Commonable Lands within the Parish of Castlethorpe, in the County of Buckingham, whose Names are thereto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the said Open Fields and Commonable Lands are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be advantageous to the Owners thereof if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said open Fields and Commonable Lands, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Marquis of Titchfield and Mr. James Grenville do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of Thomas Page, Esquire, Lord of the Cobham in Manor of Cobham, otherwise Coveham, in the Parish of Peti‘ Cobham, otherwise Coveham, in the County of Surrey, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and

Tenements,

33 Geo. III.

21° Febm

243

Ui

N

tit

?tngeIn* closure Pcii-

Tenements, for which they claim Right of Common on of the Powers given to them by several Acts of Par* the Commons or Waste Grounds lying within the said liament for that Purpose, made and completed Na-'* ' ' ' vigable Canals from Birmingham to Bilston, and from

thence to , there communicating with the

Canal made between the Rivers Severn and Trent, and also several Collateral Cuts up to severe' Coal Mines, and also from a Place called Rider's Green, in the County of Stafford, to Broadwater Fire Engine, and several Collateral Cuts from the same to several Coal Mines; and also from or, near the Town of Birmingham to join the Coventry Canal; at or near in the Parish of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, with a Collateral Cut to the lower Part of the Town of Birmingham.

That if an Extension of one of the said Branches or Collateral Cuts of the Birmingham and and Fazeley Canal Navigations was made from its present Termination near ,in the Parish of

Wedncsbury, in the County of Stafford, through Part of the Liberty or Township of Bilston, in the Parish of and also through Part of the several Parishes of Wednesbury and Darlas ton, to or near a Place called The New and from thence to or

near a Place called County , in the said Liberty

or Township of Bilston, all in the said County of Stafford, and also if a Collateral Cut or Canal was made from the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations near Green, in the Parish of

Birmingham, in the County of to or near to

a certain Road in the said Parish of Birmingham, lead*

Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are several large Open Commons, or Waste Grounds, within the said Manor, on which the Petitioners and others, Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor, claim certain Rights of Common, which Commons or Waste Grounds, in their present State, produce little Profit, but are capable of being greatly improved, and would be rendered much more valuable if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein according to their respective Rights: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said Commons, or Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord William Russell and Mr. William Clement Finch do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of John Morgan, of the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is Owner of Two-thirds of the inclosed Lands, Fields, and Grounds, within the said Hamlet, entitled to Right of Common upon the Common or Waste

Graunds called\Pc»geOmmm, and is also Owner of , from in the Parish of HmMh, in the

the Waste of the said Common, and it would be ver, c*unt of Stafford, to Link Hockkv Pool, in the said

vnurn r/\ tho Anvanforro nt tho PohliAnoi* Atknrn . _ . «' _ _

'jdt;

much to the Advantage of the Petitioner and others to have the said Common divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring m a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common, or Parcel of Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord William Russell and Mr. William Clement Finch do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Stitna Cnld* i field Road ! Billpre-

! stttfid.

Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, ac-

ielkf

Petition to extend the Binniogbam

Parish of Birmingham, the same would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Town of Birmingham ', and also to the several Counties that are supplied with Coals and other Articles of Trade and Commerce, from Birmingham and its Neighbourhood, and be of general Public Utility' — And he added, that he has sur* veyed the same, and that it is practicable and easy to make the said Extensions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Termination of one of the Branches of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, near Broadwater, in the Parish of cordingto Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers in the County of Stafford, to, or near a Place called of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of County Bridge, in the said County, and also for making His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue a Collateral Cut or Canal from the said Birmingham " the Term, and vary the Powers, of so much of an and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, at or near " Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of Green, to, or near to, the Road leading from Soho, to " His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton Little Hockley Pool, in the Parish of Birmingham, in " Coldfield Common, and several other Roads therein the County of Warwick: And that Sir Edward " described, in the County of Stafford, as relates to the ton and the Earl Gower do prepare, and bring in, the " Wolverhampton District of RoadsAnd the same same, was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and the rest of Liverpool

the Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in Church, &c.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, the County of Lancaster, and also of the Inhabitants PetiUo"* to whom the Petition of the Right Honourable William of the Parish of Liverpool aforesaid, was presented to Earl of Dartmouth, and also, the humble Petition of the House, and read; Setting forth, That, from the

bam and1"6" the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- great Increase of the Commerce and of the Popularity Ca- scribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and others, Pro- tion of the said Town and Parish, the Inhabitants aalNaviga- prietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham &nd Fazeley thereof are now become so very numerous, that the Canal Navigations, was referred; That the Committee present Churches therein are by no Means sufficient to bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of contain the Inhabitants desirous to attend Religious

ton* reported.

the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr; Samuel Bull, being examined, said, That the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham and

Worship according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the Church of England; and therefore the Corporation of the said Town are willing and desirous to erect, at their own Expence, One other Church in the said Town, and the Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish are also willing and desirous to erect, at their Expence, One other Church in the said Town and Parish; and that the said Corporation have lately purchased a certain Building in the said Town and Parish, called Saint Catharine's Chapel, some Time

ham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, have, in pursuance since erected at the Expence of a Number of private Vol*. 48. Persons,

Liverpool Tilots Petitions.

Persons, in which Divine Service is celebrated, and the Right of appointing the Chaplain thereof is by Law vested in the Rectors of the said Parish, which Rectors, and also the Ordinary of the Diocese of Chester, in which Diocese the said Town and Parish are situate, are willing and desirous that the Property of the said Chapel should be vested in the said Corporation, and that the Presentation or Appointment of the Chaplains to the said Chapel of Catharine should be vested in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council of Liverpool, for the Time being; and that, by an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Provisions are made for opening, making, widening, and altering certain Streets, Passages, and Places within the said Town, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, the very good and beneficial Effects whereof have been already experienced by the Inhabitants of the said Town, and it would be still more highly advantageous to the Inhabitants thereof, if the Powers granted by the said Act were further extended and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several and respective Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem expedient

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Smith, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and the rest of the Common Council of the Borough, Port, and Corporation of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Regulations are made respecting the Qualifications of Persons previous to their being permitted to be Pilots to conduct Ships and Vessels into and out of the said Port, and also the Fees or Wages to be taken by the said Pilots, with various other Regulations respecting the m; and that some of the Provisions and Regulations in the said Act stand in need of Explanation, and further Regulations ' are necessary for more completely effecting the very beneficial Design and Purpose of the said Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Smith, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Pilots for the conducting of Ships and Vessels into, and out of the Port of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Masters of Vessels, and Traders in general, in the Port of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the last preceding Petition is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Petitions in the rest of the Common Council of the Borough and jilvour 1,1 Corporation of Liverpool, in Common Council as- j ive* "j sembled, desirous of promoting Navigation, Com- Canal Navi* merce, and Agriculture, was presented to the House, tauon Bill, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are satisfied that the extending, cutting, and making the Deviation proposed by the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, by Burnley, Blackburn, Chorle, Red Moss, and to join the present Navigation at Wigan, would be of great Public Advantage, promote Agriculture and Commerce, and be of infinite Use in facilitating, as well the Conveyance of Merchandize brought from, and carried into, distant Parts, and manufactured and consumed in the aforesaid Towns, and the adjacent Country, as of the Produce thereof, and the Neighbourhood: And praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to effect the Intentions and Purposes aforesaid.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners understand, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to complete the said Cana), and to make a Deviation therein, and they also understand, that a Bill is depending to extend the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, and that a Junction is intended to be made between the said Deviation and Extension: And praying. That the said Bill |

respecting the Deviation of the said Leeds and Liverpool Canal, may pass into a Law, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to '

lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and petition in the rest of the Common Council-of the Borough and favour of it* Corporation of Liverpool, in Common Council assembled, desirous of promoting Navigation, Com- cb^ter 'Bol. merce, and Agriculture, was presented to the House, ton, and Bury and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Canal, satisfied that the extending, cutting, and making the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal Navigation, from Bury, by Rochdale and Littleborough, in the County of Lancaster, to or near t o Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, and also from Bolton to or near to a Place called Red Moss, would be of great Public Advantage, promote Agriculture and Commerce, and be of infinite Use in facilitating as well the Conveyance of Merchandize, brought from, and carried into, distant Parts, and manufactured and consumed in the aforesaid Towns, and the adjacent Country, as of the Produce thereof, and the Neighbourhood: And praying, That Leave *

may be given to bring in a Bill to effect the Intentions and Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to on Billtopro-provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to vide for the serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and " reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain " called England."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and tnadp several

Pc-:,

fav.-;'

CW;,

33 Geo. III.

£1° Februarii.

245

ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him from their respective Commencements to the 24th Day to report, when the House will please to receive the of December 1792, inclusive.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by tlxe House.

same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Report

Supply.

Additional Guards and Garrisons.

Charge of Aigmenta-trio to Force*

Mr. Hemy Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Number of Land Forces, including Two thousand Three hundred and Sixty-two Invalids, amounting to Nine thousand Nine hundred and Forty-five effective Men, Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed for the Year 1793-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

A Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum, British being offered to be presented to the House j Museum

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's p^ft"ns Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That, in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to Parliament, that the Sum allowed them for the Establishment and Support of the said Museum was reduced to a Capital of 30,000l. Reduced Bank Annuities, the Dividend of which, amounting to 900l. w'as, notwithstanding their utmost Attention to the forming their Establishment with Frugality, greatly insufficient for that Purpose, upon which Representation they have, at sundry Times, obtained from this House various Sums to supply the Deficiency of their Income, which Sums, together with the Salary allotted to the Kings Librarian Yearly, amounting to about 250/. have proved insufficient to defray the necessary Expences of the said Museum, and what now remains in the Hands of the Trustees is not sufficient to carry on the Purposes of the Trust, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioners such further Support towards

!fc!

'w

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Thirty-seven enabling them to carry on the Execution of the Trust thousand Eight hundred and Thirty-seven Pounds One reposed in them by Parliament, for the general Benefit Shilling and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, of Learning and useful Knowledge, as to the House for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to His shall seem meet.

Independent

Companies.

Majesty's Forces, from the 24th Day of January 171,3 lo the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being Three hundred and Thirty-five Days; and of One Regiment of Foot, from the 25th Day of December 1792 to the 24th Day of December 1793, both inclusive, ~

Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of One hundred Independent Companies of Foot, to be raised in the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-two thousand Five Stif Officers. hundred and Twenty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of additional General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1793.. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Ordered,

Table.

That the said Petition dp lie upon the

Additional General and

Embodied

Militia.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account-

Account of the several Sums that have bepn already of Sums

being Three hundred and Sixty-five granted for the Service of the British Museum, and of grantfd {ar ® Tu r> ,l rtbe Museum,

the Expenditure thereof. ordered.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on American to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Trade Act*-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for preventing certain Instruments from " being required from Ships belonging to the United " States of America', and to give to His Majesty, for " a limited Time, certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade and Commerce between the Subjects " of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the said United States;" and also, of an Act,

That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty-five made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His

j ties for Embodied

A Corps of light Dragoons for Jamaica,&c.

thousand Four hundred and Fifty-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia of several Counties in South Britain, from their respective Commencements to the 24th Day of December 1793, inclusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Contingencies; of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries; and of Poundage for the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Six hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the C liarge of a Corps of Light Dragoons for Service in Jamaica', of several Regiments of Foot; and of Supernumerary Private Men of His Majesty's Forces; Vol. 48.

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to extend the " Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year " of His present Majesty, for giving His Majesty certain Powers for the better carrying on Trade end " Commerce between the Subjects of His Majesty's " Dominions, and the- Inhabitants of the United " States of America, to the Trade and Commerce of " this Kingdom with the British Colonies and Plantations in America, with respect to certain Articles " therein mentioned;" and also, of an Act, made ii) the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to " continue the Laws now iq Force for regulating the " Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the " same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried oq " between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the " Countries belonging to the said United States," be now read.

3 R AmJ

1

21° Februarh,

A. 1799.

And the said Ov^befof read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said CotofoiWw. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to makes Motion, when the House will please to receive the satpe. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far os the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

And Mr. Henry Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws now in force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty^ Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Mudge's Petition.

A Petition of Thomas Madge, Watehmaker, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, haying been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner hath devoted much of his Attention to the Improvement of Time Keepers, for ascertaining the Longitude at Sea, and having, in the Year 1774, completed One such Time Keeper, it was submitted to a Trial by the Board of Longitude, and the Commissioners, after a competent Trial, requested the Petitioner to prosecute his Invention, that, by having Two Time Keepers of the same Construction, he might become properly a Candidate for the Rewards offered for Inventions of this Kind by Act of Parliament, and granted him 500l. to assist him therein; and that the Time Keeper made by the Petitioner as aforesaid was, in the Years 1784 and 1785, and after the same had been tried by the Board of Longitude, carried Two Voyages to Newfoundland by the late Vice Admiral Campbell, who had then the Command of His Majesty's Ships upon that Station, and Admiral Campbell afterwards declared it had answered every Purpose that could be desired from such an Invention, and that he was convinced the Introduction of such Time Keepers into the Navy would be of great Service to the Public; and that the Principles upon which the Petitioner's said Time Keeper is constructed are so permanent, that it has now gone for more than Eighteen Years, with unequalled Excellence, in the Hands of many different Persons, all of them Men of great Astronomical Knowledge; and that the Petitioner, having, in the Month of June 1789, completed Tjvo more Time Keepers on the same Construction, he placed them in the Hands of the Astronomer Royal, where they remained for upwards Of Twelve Months, to be tried, pursuant to the Act of Parliament passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and that, although the Commissioners of Longitude, upon the Report afterwards made by the Astronomer Royal, declared them-

selves of Opinion that the Petitioner's Time Keepers had not gone within the Limits prescribed by the said Act, yet it appears from the Register kept by the Astronomer Royal, and delivered by him to the Petitioner, that, if such Methods of Calculation bad been adopted for ascertaining the going of the Time Keepere as have been approved of by Men of acknowledged Nautical Skill and Abilities, it would have been found that they had gone within them; and that the Petitioner is ready to acknowledge there have been Time Keepers in* vented by other Persons which are possessed of great Merit, but the best of them require an extraordinary Degree of Care to preserve them from Accident, and none of them have ever been brought into general Use, but the Petitioner's Time Keepers, besides their measuring Time with very great Exactness, require no particular Attention to keep them from Injury, have not been found to be affected by the Motion of a Ship at Sea, and are so permanent in their Principles, that they may be relied upon for going with Accuracy for y very considerable Length of Time: And therefore praying the House, upon his making a Discovery of the Principles of his Time Keepers to such Persons as may be appointed for receiving it, to grant him such a Reward for the Invention of them, and for the laborious Employment of great Part of his Life for the Benefit of the Public, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition dp lie upon the Table,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Address to to assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons, restore animated by a sincere and dutiful Attachment to Hk Peace' Person and Family, and to the excellent Constitution of this Kingdom, a9 well as by an ardent Zeal for the Interest and Honour of the Nation, will at all Times be ready to support His Majesty in any Measures which a due Observance of the Faith of Treaties, the Dignity of His Crown, pr the Security of His Dominions may compel him.to undertake:

That, feeling the most earnest Solicitude to avert from our Country the Calamities of War, by every Means consistent with Honour and with Safety, we expressed to His Majesty, at the Opening of the present Session, "our Sense of the Temper and Prudence " which had induced His Majesty to observe a strict " Neutrality, with respect to the War on the Continent, and uniformly to abstain from any Interference in the Internal Affairs of France," and our Hope, that the Steps His Majesty had taken would have the happy Tendency " to render a firm and ternperate Conduct effectual for preserving the Blessings " of Peace: *

That, with the deepest Concern, we now find ourselves obliged to relinquish that Hope, without any Evidence having been produced to satisfy us, that His Majesty's Ministers have made s&ch Efforts a9 it was their Duty to make, and as, by His Majesty's most gracious Speech, we were taught to expect, for the Preservation of Peace. It is ne less the Resolution, than the Duty, of His Majesty's faithful Commons, to second His Efforts in the- War thus fatally com- ,

jnenced, so long as it shall continue; but we deem it a Duty, equally incumbent upon us, to solicit His Majesty's Attention to those Reasons or Pretexts, by which Hk Servants have laboured to justify a Conduct on their Part, which we cannot but consider as having contributed, in a great Measure, to produce the present Rupture:

Various Grounds of Hostility against France have been stated, but none that appeared to us to have constituted such an urgent and imperious Case of Necessity, as left no Room for Accommodation, and made War unavoidable. The Government of has

been accused of having violated the Law of Nations,

and

33 Geo. III.

21° Fehruam.

Ml

as:

m

«V

sod the Stipulations of existing Treaties, by an Attempt to deprive the Republic of The United Provinces of the exclusive Navigation of the Scheldt: No Evidence, however, has been offered to convince us that this exclusive Navigation was> either in itself, or in the Estimation of those who were alone interested in preserving it, of such Importanoe, as to justify a Determination in our Government to break with France on that Account. If, in fact, The States General had shewn a Disposition to defend their Right by Force of Arms, it might have been an Instance of the truest Friendship to have suggested to them, for their serious Consideration, how tar the Assertion of this unprofitable Claim might, in the present Circumstances of ,tend

to bring into Hazard the most essential Interests of the Republic: But when, on the contrary, it has been acknowledged, that no Requisition, on this Subject, was made to His Majesty, on the Part of The States ral; we are at a Loss to comprehend on what Grounds of Right or Propriety we take the Lead in asserting a Claim, in which we are not Principals, and in which the

lities of civilized Nations, by Manifestoes, which, if Motion for their Principles and Menaces had been carried into Address to Practice, must have inevitably produced the " Return res, ore of that Ferocity and Barbarism in War, which a Peace. x«g. " beneficent Religion, and enlightened Manners) and " true Military Honour, have for a long Time banished " from the Christian World:"

No Effort appears to have been made to check the Progress of these inyading Armies. — His Majesty's Ministers, under a pretended Respect for the Rights and Independence of other Sovereigns, thought fit, -at that Time, to refuse even the Interposition of fu'*

Majesty's Councils, and good Offices, to save so great

and important a Portion of Europe from falling under

the Dominion of a Foreign Power. But no sooner,

by an ever memorable Reverse of Fortune, had

France repulsed her Invaders, and carried her Arms

into their Territory, than His Majesty's Ministers,

laying aside that collusive Indifference, which had

marked their Conduct during the Invasion of France,

began to express Alarms for the general Security of

principal Party has not, as far as we know, thought it which, as it appears to us, they ought to have

prudent or necessary to call for our Interposition:

We must further remark, that the Point in Dispute seemed to us to have been relieved frotn a material Part of its Difficulty, by the Declaration of the Minister of Foreign Affairs in France, that the French Nation gave up all Pretensions to determine the Question of the future Navigation of the Scheldt: Whether the Terms of this Declaration were perfectly satisfactory or not, they at least left the Question open to pacific Nego-ciation, in which the intrinsic Value of the Object, tp any of the Parties concerned in it, might have been coolly and impartially weighed against the Consequences to which all of them might be exposed by attempting to maintain it by Force of Arms:

We have been called upon to resist Views of Conquest and Aggrandizement entertained by the Government of Franpe, '* at all Times dangerous to the general " Interests of Europe," but asserted to be " peculiarly " so when connected with the Propagation of Principles u which lead to the violation of the most sacred Duties,

" and are utterly subversive of the Peace and Order of " all Civil Society We admit that it is the Interest and Duty of every Member of the Common-Wealth of Europe to support the established System, and Distribution of Power among the Independent Sovereignties, which actually sobrist, and to prevent the ‘Aggrandizement of any State, especially the most powerful, at the Expence of any other; and, for the Honour of His Majesty's Councils, we do most earnestly wish that His Ministers had manifested a just Sense of the Importance of the Principle to which they now appeal in the Course of late Events, which seemed to us to threaten its entire Destruction:

When Poland was beginning to recover from the long Calamities of Anarchy combined with Oppression; after she had established an hereditary and limited Monarchy like our own, and was peaceably employed in settling her internal Government, His Majesty's Ministers, with apparent Indifference and Unconcern, have sfeen her become the Victim of the- moat cm pro -

seriously felt, and might have expressed with greater Justice of the previous Successes of her powerful Adversaries;

vqked and unprincipled Invasion; her Territory overrun; her free Constitution subverted; her National Independence annihilated-; and the general Principles of the Security of Nations wounded through her Side:

With aH these Evils was France soon after threatened, rad with the same Appearance either of supine Indif-streace, or of secret Approbation, His Majesty's Minis- ment of France, appeared' to us neither justified by ters beheld the Armies of other Powers (in evident the Reason of the Thing itself, nor by the Usage of Concert with the Oppressor of Poland) advancing to Nations, nor by any Expediency, arising from the the Invasion and Subjugation of France, and' the March present State of Circumstances. In all, Negotiations of those Armies distinguished from the ordinary FTosti- or Discussions whatsoever, of which Peace is the real Vot. 48. Object,

We will not dissemble our Opinion, that the Decree of the National Convention of France, of the 19th of November 1792, was, in a great Measure, liable to the Objections urged against it; but we cannot admit that a War upon the single Ground of such a Decree, unaccompanied by any overt Acts, by which we pr our Allies might be directly attacked, would be justified as necessary and unavoidable, — certainly not, — urdesf upon a regular Demand made try His Majesty's Ministers of Explanation and Security in Behalf of us and oar Allies, the French had refused to give His Majesty such Explanation and Security: No such Demand was made! — Explanations, it is true, have been, received ancj rejected: But it well deserves to be remarked and remembered, that these Explanations were voluntarily offered on the Part of France, not previously demanded on ours, as undoubtedly they would have been, if it had suited the Views of His Majesty's Ministers. tQ have acted frankly and honourably towards „ and

not to have reserved their Complaints for a future Period, when Explanations, however reasonable, might come too )ate, and Hostilities might be unavoidable:

After a Review of all these Considerations, we think it necessary to represent to His Majesty, that none of the Points, which were in Dispute between His Ministers and the Government of France, appear to us to have been incapable of being adjusted by Nepotiar tion, except that Aggravation of French Ambition, which has been stated to arise from the Political Opinions of the French Nation. These, indeed, wo Conceive formed neither any definable Object of Nego-ciation, nor any intelligible Reason for Hostility. — They w ere equally incapable of being adjusted by Treaty, or of being either refuted or confirmed by the Events of War:

We need not state to His Majesty's Wisdom that Force can never cure Delusion; and1 we know His Majesty's Goodness too well to- suppose that Pfe could ever entertain the Idea of employing Force to destroy Opinions by the Extirpation of those who hold them:

The Grounds upon which His Majesty's Ministers have advised Him to refuse the Renewal* of some avowed Public. Intercourse with the existing Govern-

21° Februarii.

A. 1793.

Object, the Appearance of an amicable Disposition, and Ord, That the Order of the Day, for the House Considm-of a Readiness to offer and to accept of Pacific Expla- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, d°n of nations on both Sides, is as necessary and useful to to consider of an effectual Mode for obtaining a due ensure Success, as any Arguments founded on strict Attendance of Members of this House on the Days d„e Right; — nor can it be denied, that Claims or Argu- appointed for taking into Consideration Petitions com- ance of ments Of any Kind, urged in hostile or haughty Lan- plaining of undue Elections, or Returns of Members to JI*mb*rs

serve in Parliament, or Petitions respecting the Rights d*ferrtd' of Election, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

guage, however equitable or valid in themselves, are more likely to proyoke than to conciliate the opposite Party. Deploring, as we have ever done, the melancholy Event which has lately happened in , it

would yet have been some Consolation to us to have hlhrd that the powerful Interposition of the British Nation °0 this Subject had, at least, been offered, although it should unfortunately have been rejected: But, instead of receiving such Consolation from the Conduct of His Majesty's Ministers, we have seen

, Y,* 1

il <

Ti

k

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnity indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify Bill ordered, themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indem-them, with extreme Astonishment, employing, as an nify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted Incentive to Hostilities, an Event which they had made to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the no Effort to avert by Negotiation. This Inaction they Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time could only excuse on the Principle that the Internal for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Conduct of Nations (whatever may be our Opinion of Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, its Morality) was no proper Ground for Interposition whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped and Remonstrance from Foreign States; a Principle, according to Law, or, buying been stamped, haye from which it must still more clearly follow, that such been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time

to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who the Humanity of Englishmen, Popularity for Measures have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Quali-which their deliberate Judgment would have reprobated, fications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time and to influence the most virtuous Sensibilities of His limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Majesty's People into a blind and furious Zeal for a War Purpose: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, the Master of of Vengeance. the Rolls, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the

His Majesty's faithful Commons therefore, though same.

Internal Conduct could never be an admissible justifying Reason for War. We cannot refrain from observing, that such frequent Allusions as have been made to an Event (confessedly no Ground of Rupture) seemed to us to have arisen from a sinister Intention to derive, from

always determined to support His Majesty with Vigour and Cordiality in the Exertions necessary for the Defence of His Kingdoms, yet feel that they are equally bound, by their Duty to His Majesty and to their Fellow Subjects, to declare, in the most solemn Manner, their

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition for Canal Navigation from Manchester, to or near Ashton Provision in under Lyne and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Ashton Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; under Lyn«,

Disapprobation of the Conduct of H is Majesty's Mi- Setting forth, That the Petitioners were, by an Act and Oldham

nisters through the Whole of these Transactions; a Conduct which, in their Opinion, could lead to no other Termination, but that, to which it seems to have been studiously directed, of plunging their Country into an unnecessary War. The Calamities of such a War

passed in the lest Session of Parliament, united into a Canal Bill-Company, and authorized to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from Manchester, to or near Ashton under Lyne end Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and that the Petitioners have begun to

must be aggravated in the Estimation of every rational carry the said Act, and the Powers thereby vested in

Mind, by reflecting on the peculiar Advantages of that fortunate Situation, which we have so unwisely abandoned, and which not only exempted us from sharing in the Distresses and Afflictions of the other Nations of Europe, but converted them into Sources of Benefit, Improvement, and Prosperity to this Country:

We therefore humbly implore His Majesty's Paternal Goodness to listen no longer to the Councils which have forced us into this unhappy War; but to embrace the earliest Occasion, which His Wisdom may discern, of restoring to His People the Blessings of Peace;

It passed in the Negative.

Quest Meg. fur bringing up a Petition from Nottingham.

A Petition of certain Inhabitants of the Town of Nottingham and its Neighbourhood* being offered to be presented to the HOUSE»

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

(Mr, Robert Smith, 1 Mr. Hamel Parker > at

1 Coke: So it passed in the Negative.

109

them, into Execution, and have expended very considerable Sums of Money in the Purchase of Land for the said Canal, and in cutting and making the same, and the Works belonging thereto, but find, that the Powers of the stud Act require to be amended and enlarged; and that a Bill is depending in the House to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, to extend the said Canal from a Place called Clayton Demesne, in the Township of Droylsden, in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the Sign of the Three Boars Heads, and from, or nearly from, a Place called Taylor's Bam, in the Town-ship of Reddish, to Denton, at a Place called Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike Road, leading between Stockport and Ashton under Lyne, and also, from the intended Aqueduct Bridge, at or near a Place called Waterhouse, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to Hollinwood, in the Township of Oldham aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Provision may bp made in the said Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of the said recited Act, in such Manner a? to die House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Petition

) ter

I hr:. f tie Mi': ler.k

i QDui'L't

: asi'L i^i

33 Geo. Ill*

21° Febm

249

16 <w

e>S''

ie % a*Ci

u V

at

id

Hfe.

n

h

d e e

a

5, j e e r

Petitions in favour of Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation Bill.

Haydon Square, &c. Paving Petition.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergymen, Land Purposes thereof: And therefore praying, That Leavfe

~ may be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

That the sard Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir John

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers and Records.

Owners, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others, Inhabitants of and within the Town and Neighbourhood of Blackburn, in the County Palatine

of Lancaster:And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Burnley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also, A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants within the Town and Neighbour-

A Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and others, Trustees for building a new Church in the ^0"r‘ etl* Parish of Saint James, Clerkemcell, in the County of Middlesex, and of other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

hood of Coin, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: That an Act was made in the Twenty-eighth Year of

And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Aldermen, Burgesses, Gentlemen, Clergymen, Land Owners, Merchants, Manufacturer?, Tradesmen, and others, Inhabitants of and the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for pulling down the Church of Saint James at " Clerkemcell, in the County of Middlesex, and for " building a new Church, and making a new Church " Yard or Cemetery in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages theretoand that another Act was made in the Thirtieth Year of the

within the Town of Wigan, in the County Palatine of said Reign, for amending and enlarging the Powers of, Lancaster, and the Neighbourhood thereof: And also, and rendering more effectual, the said first-mentioned A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manu- Act, and for purchasing Chapel, and

facturers, Tradesmen, and others, the Inhabitants of making the same a Chapel of Ease to the said Church, the Town and Neighbourhood of Bradford, in the whereby certain Powers were vested in the Persons ap-County of York: And also, pointed, and to be appointed and elected by virtue of the

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Land said first-mentioned Act, Trustees for the Purposes in Owners, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the the said Acts mentioned; and that a considerable Pro-

Township and Neighbourhood of Halifax, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others, the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Keig, in -the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Skipion, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Land Owners, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Township and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Settle, in the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

gress hath been made in the Execution of the several rowers given by the said Acts, but it is found that the good Purposes intended thereby cannot be effectually answered unless the said Acts are amended, and the Powers thereof enlarged: And - therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend and enlarge the Powers of, and to render more effectual, the said Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Sir John Call, &c,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morfiing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and Taking Notice of the Bill to enable the Com- have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records, pany of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation,

T-.i ... r - A Petition of the Trustees for executing the Powers pjerretridgs

and Trusts of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Roarfivti-Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty tion-King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the High Road from Piercebridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of Durham, and from " thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End,

" in the same County," and of another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term " and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twentyfirst Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for " repairing the High Road from Piercebridge to " Kirkmerring in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane " End, in the said County, and for making the same " more effectual," and of several other Persons,

from Leeds to Liverpool, to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of Completing the said Canal' Navigation, and for other Purposes: And praying, TJ^it. the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners for putting into Execution an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading the reunto, in the

Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Mino- Creditors upon the Tolls, by the said Acts granted,

ries, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of Lo, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, but that the same is in many Respects defective, and that some

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have ma.de great Progress in repairing the said Road, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been

of the Powers thereby given are insufficient for the duly applied according to the Directions of the said Vol. 48. 3 S Acts,

Ladbroke's Estate Bill read.

Wolvey Inclosure Petition.

Mutiny Bill deterred.

Report on Royal Exchange Assurance Companies

250 21° — 2£0 FebA. 1793.

Acts; and that several principal Sums so borrowed (amounting together to 2,2771, or thereabouts, with a large Arrear of Interest) are now owing on Security of the said Tolls, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be rendered sufficiently safe and commodious, and effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless further Powers are given for those Purposes, and the Terms of the said Acts (which are near expiring) are continued, and higher Tolls granted; and that the Petitioners conceive the several Powers and Provisions, necessary for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, may be. more conveniently executed, if the same are comprised in One Act of Parliaments And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of the said former Acts, and for reducing the same into One Act, and for effectuating the several other Purposes above mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. ling, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

-An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates of Robert Ladbroke, Esquire, in the Counties of Warwick and Northampton, in -Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand limited, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of Lands and Common Rights in the Common and Oped Fields, Wolds, Heath, Common, or Waste Ground, within the Parish of Wolvey, in the County of , whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands of the several Proprietors lie greatly intermixed and dispersed Over the said Common Fields, and cannot be improved in the Manner they might be if inclosed; and that it would tend to the Advantage of the several Parties interested if the said Common Fields, Wolds, Heath, Common, or Waste Ground, in the said Parish, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to each Proprietor, in proportion to their Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, Wolds, Heath, Common, or Waste Ground, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh and Sir Robert

Lawley do prepare^ and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve inself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, Tlrat the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Companies, and their Successors,

to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon or for Lives, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, a Place called The Saltisford, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Warwick, unto, or near to* the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to terminate at, or near to, a certain Navigable Canal in, or near to, the Town of Birmingham, called the Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be now. taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Report was again read.

And the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and inhabitants of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Alle-

fations of the said Petition, and went through his Evidence.

And the Counsel for die Bill was also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,22° die Februarii;

Anno 330 Georgii III. U Regis, 1793. Prayers,

MR. Webb presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at or near the City of Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley, in the County of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have expended a large Sum of Money in making a Road, leading from the City of Glasgow to Port Dundas, and from Port Dundas to the High Road leading from Glasgozc to Garscube Bridge, by Dobbie's Loan, in the Barony, Parish, and County of Lanerk, which is of considerable Advantage and Benefit to all Persons

03 residing

Hill further considered*

Counsel heard on further considering Report of Warwick and Birmingham Canal Bill.

T

Gloucester and Berkeley Pill Canal Bill presented.

Glasgow and Port Dundas Road Petition.

Mores, Co-lomb's, &c. Nat. Bill presented.

flobin's Nat. Bill presented.

Wiss's and Char re ties Nat Bill passed.

5tiAey alid Morstou In-rlosnre Peti*

;uhl

residing and carrying on Trade in that Part of the Country, and also of great public Utility; but the said Road cannot be properly completed, maintained, repaired, and improved, unless the Petitioners are empowered to levy Tolls, and to borrow Money, for these Purposes, and to purchase Ground for erecting a Toll House, and for other Purposes connected with the proper Management of the said Road: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, under such Rules and Re* gulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examino the Matter thereof; and report, the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Adam Fergusson, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Francois Mark, Philip Colomb, Louys Gruaz, and A midi: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Peter Lewis Robin: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing John Anthony Wiss and John Isaac Charretii, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing John Anthony Wiss and John Isaac CharretiL

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the adjoining Parishes of Stiffkey and Morston, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes, divers Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which are subject to various Rights of Foldcourse or Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, many Parts of which lie intermixed, and dispersed in small Pieces, and are in, in their present Situation, very inconvenient to the Owners and Occupiers thereof; and that it would be of great Advantage to all the Parties interested therein, if such Rights were extinguished, and the said Lands and Grounds divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors and other Persons interested, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Sir John W do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

Paddington Sir John Morshead reported from the Committee, to Church Peti- whom the Petition of the Right Reverend Father in God two reported- Beilby Lord Bishop of Patron of the Parish

Church of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, Sir John Morshead, Baronet, and Robert Thistlethwayte, Esquire, James Ward, and the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates, and Inhabitants within the said Parish of Paddington, in the said County of Middlesex, was referred; that Vo L. 48.

the Committee had exatnined the Matter of the said petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report'in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, ail Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rebuild* " ing the Parish Church of Paddington, in the County " of Middlesex, and for enlarging the Church Yard of " the said Parish,'* was read, whereby it appeared that Certain Powers were vested in the Trustees under the said Act to enable them to carry the same into Execution; And,

Mr. William Strong being examined, said, That the Trustees had made considerable Progress in the Execution of the said Act, and have caused the said Parish Church to be rebuilt and consecrated, and Divine Service to be performed therein: That the Money allowed to be raised by the said Act hath been expended, and several Sums of Money still remain due; that the said Church in many Parts is not yet complete, nor are the Outside Walls and Fences of the said Church Yard yet finished, and that it will require a further Sum of 1,500l. to finish and complete the same, but that the Inhabitants of the said Parish are not capable of raising the same without the Aid of Parliament: — And the Witness further said, That the good Purposes of the said Act cannot be effectually answered unless the said Act be amended, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given in bring in a Bill for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of Paddington, in the " County of Middlesex, and for enlarging the Church " Yard of the said Parish And that Sir John Morshead, Mr. Byng, and Mr. Maimcaring, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Noblemen thereunto subscribing, and the humble Petition of the other Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the County of Perth, and Trustees appointed by the Act after recited, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for ". repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and " for explaining and amending an Act, made in the " Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, and Ferries, in the County of Perth," the Petitioners and other Persons, Justices of the Peace, Commissioners of Supply, and Heritors of the County of Perth, and the Chief Magistrates of the Royal Burghs of Perth and Culross, for the Time being, were appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Perth towards Stirling, by Auchterarder and Blackford, by Greenloaning and other Roads, in the said County, and certain Powers were granted to them to levy Tolls, borrow Money, and for other Purposes' in the Act mentioned; and that a considerable Progress has been made in making and repairing the said Roads, but it is found necessary to enlarge and explain the Powers of the Trustees in some Respects, and to alter some of the Regulations of the said Act, in order that the Intention thereof may be carried more fully and easily into Execution; and that the Road, in the said County of Perth, from Crieff towards Stirling and Alloa, as far as to the End of the long Causeway of Stirling, near Spittal, which was formerly, in a great Measure, supported by the Public as a Military Road, has, from that Aid being withdrawn, fallen into bad Repair, and the Road in the said County,

from

Perth Roads Petition,

2 52 22° Februdrit, A. 1793*

from Dunkeld to Perth, and from thentfe passing neat Scone and Byres, towards till it joins the

Road oh the North of the River Isla, from Blairgowrie to the Ferry across the 7 at is also

In bad Repair, and many Places, in both of the said Roads, are so deep, that Travellers cannot pass without Difficulty and Danger, and, it has been found by Experience, that the Statute Labour which can be applied to the said Roads is not sufficient to repair the same,- and it would be beneficial to the Public if Powers were granted for- effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Roads: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending the said Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and for enlarging the Powers of the Trustees thereby appointed, and also for making and repairing the Road from Crieff towards Stirling and Alba, and the other Roads, in the County of Perth, above mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ' Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Murray, Lord ric/c Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker s Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Sim.e's A Petition of William Stone, of Rutland Place, in the E^courane" London, Coal Merchant, vas presented to the

iricni of The House, and read; Setting forth, That at a Manufac-Sal Ammo- tory of considerable Extent, in the Neighbourhood of Aide Maim- . London, for the Preparation of Volatile Alkali, Glauber factory. Salts, and a Variety of Chymical Operations, the Petitioner has built a great Number of Coke Furnaces, the Heat arising from which is employed in the above Purposes, but the high Duty laid on Coals prevents the Coke burnt in them from being vended, except at a great Loss, as the Coke which is burnt at Newcastle upon Tyne is from Coals which pay no Duty, and the Coke when imported into the Port pays very

little tnore than half the Duties laid on Coals; and - that 'till of late the Whole of the Sal Ammoniac, used -in this Country, was imported from Egypt, but if the Coke, burnt in the Furnaces at, the Manufactory thereof, could be vended without Loss, the whole Consumption of this Country would not only be provided for by Manufactures at Home, but Foreign Markets might be supplied from hence, to the great Advantage of this Country: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement of the Manufactory of Sal Ammoniac, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Mattel- thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Murray, Lord Frederick Campbell, 8cc.: And they are to meet upon Monday ' Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Hereford and A Petition of the several Proprietors of the Here-Gloucoster fordshire and Gloucestershire Canal Navigation, whose

Navigation ^ames are thereunto subscribed, on -the Behalf of Pahio«.,on ‘ themselves, and the rest of the Cotopany of Proprietors of tte said Canal Navigation, was presented to the - House, and read; Setting forth, That, in the Thirty-first Year of His Majesty's Reign, an Act was passed, empowering the said Company of Proprietors to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the City of Hereford to the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to the Town of in the County of Gbucesler, and the Petitioners have begun to put the said Act into Execution; and that an Alteration in the Line of the said Canal, from or near Tilley's Green, in the Parish of Dyniock, in the County of

cester, to or near to Barbers Bridge, in the same County, so as to carry the Line of the said Canal through Nezvent, will not only render any Collateral

Cut unnecessary, and thereby save many Acres of valuable Land from being taken for the Use of the said Canal, but will also be of great Advantage to the Counties of Hereford and Gloucester, and of public Utility, in as much as such Line will pass through a Country abounding with Coal and Lime Stone; and also, that an Alteration of the Line of the said Canal* over the Wet gins Meadow, in the County of will be of Advantage to the said Company of Proprietors, and the Public; and also, that an Extension of the said Canal from Widemarsh, within the Liberties of the City of Hereford, to or near to, Bysters Gate, within the same Liberties, will be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said City of Hereford; and that Surveys and Levels have been taken to ascertain the Practicability of making the said Alterations and Extension, and the same are found to be highly practicable and eligible, and the Petitioners are desirous that the said Act of the Thirty-first Year of llis present Majesty's Reign, and the Powers thereby granted to the said Company of Proprietors, should, in certain Instances, be explained and amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be refereed to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And if is referred to Mr. Scudamore, Sir George wall, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and *have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Reverend Francis Henry Egerton, Whitchurch Rector of the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of ,'00r. Salop, on Behalf of himself, and others, Owners and 1>cUtion* Occupiers of Estates within such Part of the said Parrish as maintains its own Poor, and lies within the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief " and Employment of the Poor of and within such " Part of the Parish of Whitchurch as maintains its " own Poor, and lies within the County of Salop ;v and that it is found the said Act is, in some Respects, defective, and it is expedient that the same should be explained, altered, and amended: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain, alter, and amend, the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is refereed to Colonel Eger Ion, Mr. Scott,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and other Petition tv Inhabitants of the Town of Buckingham, was pre- Buckingham sented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a8a',ittlie the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House for extending the Dudley Canal from the Oak Canal Coal Mines, at and in the Neighbourhood of Nether- Bill. ton, in the County of Worcester, to join the Worcester' and Birmingham Canal at Sel/yOak, in the Parish of

Eau Brink and King's Lynn Drainage Petition.

33 Geo. III. 22° Febfud Q$3

.Northfeld, in the said County, which, if carried into ,a E»w, the Petitioners apprehend, will be the Means ,of diverting the Coals from the Birmingham Market, from whence the Petitioners and the neighbouring Parts are at present supplied, into distant Markets Westward, which will be highly prejudicial to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners understand, Application hath been also made for Leave to extend the old Birmingham Canal from , in the Parish

of Halesmcen and County of Salop, to the same Mines,

at and near Netherton, by which Means the Produce of such Mines may be brought considerably nearer and cheaper into the Line of Navigation, by which the Town of Birmingham and the Petitioners are supplied: And therefore praying, That the said Bill for making the said Canal from the Dudley Canal to the Birmingham and Worcester Canal may not pass into a Law, and that Powers may be granted for extending the said Birmingham Canal from Oldbury into the Mines at Netherton.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Ouze, to and from the Town of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and also the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes of Colne, Somersham, Warboys, Berry, Ramsey

with Higney, Ridley and Fenton, Bluntisham and Earith,

Hollywell and Ncedtngworlh, Saint Ives, Houghton and

Witton, Oldhurst, Woodhurst, Broughton, Little Ravely, JJpwood with Great Ravely, Standg Farcett, Yaxley, Stiltori, Caldicot, Denton, Glatton, Holme, Cunning-

ton, Saw trey All Saints, Sawtrey Saint Judith and Saint Andrew, Woodwalton, Hadden, Waternewton,

ton with Sibson, Woodstone, and Fletton, in the County of Huntingdon; Isleham, Fordham, Lanxvadc, ham Prior with Reach, Swaffham Bulbeck, Burrell with Reach, JVickin, Soham, Barway, Bottisham, Qui, Ditton, Homingsey, Waterbeach, Land Milton, Cottenham, Rampton, Willingham, Over, and in the County of Cambridge; Brandon,

Lakcnheath, Eriswell, Mildenh Freck-

ingham, and Exning, in the County of Suffolk; Wig-genhallSaint Mary's, Wiggenhall Saint Germans, Wiggenhall Saint Peter's, Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, West Lynn with North Lynn, Clenchwarton,

Saint Clement's, Terrington Saint John's, Walpole Saint Peters, Walpole Saint Andrew's, West Walton, Wal-soken, Enmeth, Tilney all Saints, Tilney Saint Lawrence, Tilney cum Islington, South Lynn, North Runcton, Hardwick and Setchy, Wormegay,

Runcton, Runcton Holme, Stow Bardolph,

Wimbotsham, Downham Market, Ryston and Roxham, Denver, Fcmdham, Ililgay, Southery, Feltwell, Saint Mary's, Feltwell Saint Nicholas, Hockwold, Wilton, Methwold, Northwold, Oxburgh, Foulden, Stoke Ferry, Wretton, Wereham, West Dereham, and Welney, in the County of Norfolk-, Elm, Outwell,

Upwell, Welney, Money, Stuntney, Ely Trinity, Ely Saint

Mary's, Churcham otherwise Chettisham, Littleport, Stretham, Thetford, Downham, Coveney, Witchford, Wltcham, Wingfordor Wentworth, Wilburton,

ham, Mepal, Sutton, March, Doddington with ton, Benwick, Chatteris, WhittlesSaint Mary's, Whit-

tlesea Saint Andrew, and Wisbeach, within the Isle of Ely, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, between Saint German's Bridge wad King's Lynn, in the said County, which River is the Great Outfall for the Waters from the Middle and South Levels of the Vo x» 48.

Fens, the Country of Marshland, and divers other Lands which drain to Sen thereby, through the Harbour of King's Lynn, is in a State very insufficient for the Purposes of a complete Drainage and safe Navigation, occasioned principally by the Channel or Bed of the said River fieing too wide, and bending very considerably between the said Place called Saint German's Bridge and King's Lynn aforesaid, by reason whereof the Drainage of large Tracts of Land lying in the said Parishes is greatly impeded, and the Trade and Navigation to and from the Port of King's Lynn are materially injured; and that, in order effectually to improve and assist the Drainage of the said Lands* and to amend the Navigation to and from the said Port, it is necessary that a Navigable Communication, Cut, or River, of sufficient Dimensions to afford a free Passage for the Waters draining from the said Lands, and to answer the Purposes of Navigation, should be made from the said River Ouze, at or near a Place called Eau Brink, between Saint German's Bridge and King's Lynn aforesaid, to communicate again with the said River, at or near the said Town of King's Lynn-, and that by Levels and Surveys, lately taken and made by experienced Engineers, it appears that a Navigable Communication, Cut, or River, as above described, may be made, and the Petitioners conceive the making thereof, with such other Works as may be found requisite to attain the Ends above mentioned, would be highly beneficial to the^Dwners and Occupiers of Lands within the Districts above specified, and would tend greatly to promote the Trade and Commerce of the Town and Port of King's Lynn, and of the adjacent Country, and that the Expence of executing such Cut or River and other Works may with great Ease and Convenience be provided for by Means of an Acre Tax on the Lands to be benefited by the said Cut or River and Works, aided by a certain Tonnage Duty on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, carried on Board any Barge, Boat, Lighter, or Vessel, and Rafts, passing or navigating on the said New Cut or River: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wodehouse, Mr. Buxton, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers* and Records.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James May being examined, said, That the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Parish, as also such Parts of Old Cock Lane and York Street as lie in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, are very ill paved, and greatly obstructed by Posts and Bars, and annoyed by Signs, Gutters, and other Encroachments projecting into and over the same — And he' added, That the repairing the said

3 T Streets

Bethnal GreenPaving Petition reported.

S§4 22° Februarii. A. 1793.

Streets And Places, fthd preventing the said Nuisances and had directed him to report tlte same, as it appeared and Obstructions, will be very advantageous to thfe to them, to the House; and he read the Report in Inhabitants thereof, and of public Utility. His Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; paving and repairing certain Streets, Lanes, mid other

public Passages and Places, in the Parish of S To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the Cougty of Middlesex, Mr. Benjamin an Engineer, being examined,

and for paving and regulating such Parts of Old Cock said, That by a Survey he has lately taken, it is Lane and Y<)rk Street as are in the Parish of Saint practicable to make a Canal for the Navigation of Leonard, Shoreditch, and for removing Obstructions Boats and other Vessels from the River Trent, in the and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Mainwaring, Parish of Swarkstone, to and by the Town of Derby, Mr. Byng, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and to a Place in the Parish of Denbigh, called Smithy bring in, the same. and a Branch from the said intended Canal,

from or near the Town of Derby, to the Erewash Ca-Petition from A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are nal, in the Parish of Sandiacre, and another Branch Alehouse thereunto subscribed^ being a Committee appointed from the said Canal, at or near Coxbench, to or near snectfnsre* by the Keepers of Inns, Victualling Houses, Alehouses, Smalley Mill, in the Liberty of Smalley, all in the stealing Pew- and other Houses where Malt Liquor is sold by Re- County of Derby', and that the making and main-ter Pots. tail, within the Cities of London and Westminster, the taining of such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts, Borough of Southwark, and the several Towns, VII- together with such other Collateral Cuts as may be lages, and other Places, within the Distance of Five found necessary, and also proper Railways, and other Miles frotn the Standard in Cornhill, at a General Roads to such Canal and Collateral Cuts will afford Meeting assembled, was presented to the House, and the Means of conveying, at an easy Expence, many read; Setting forth, That it has long been a Practice, Articles of Trade and Merchandise, and open a Com-'within the Limits above mentioned, for Persons selling munication with several valuable Mines of Coal, Malt Liquor by Retail to carry the same out in Pew- Lead, Limestone, Ironstone,'Marble, apd other Miter Pots, and to Leave the Pots at the Houses or nerals, and will, in many other Respects, be of great Places belonging to their Out-door Customers, In- public Utility.

habitants as well as Lodgers and others, and the Ease And the Witness added, That the Length of the and Facility with which such Pots may be disposed proposed Canal extends for more than Twenty-four of to Receivers of Stolen Goods is.a great Tempta- Miles, and that the Dissents of the Land Owners is tion to dishonest and indigent Persons to secrete, pur- confined to little more than Half a Mile, and the loin, and destroy the same, to the great Loss and In- Property of those who are neuter is less than Half a jury of the Petitioners and their Families: And that Mile.

the Petitioners conceive the above-mentioned Griev- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH ances might in a great Measure be prevented, by "re- for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from straining Persons selling Malt Liquor by Retail within the River Trent, at, or near, a certain Place called the Limits above described, under certain Penalties, Swarkstone Bridge, to and through the Liberty of the from leaving Pewter Pots at any private House or Borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a Cut out of other Place to which such Liquor shall be carried: the said Canal in, or near, the said Borough, to join

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises the Erewash Canal near Sandiacre, in the County of into Consideration; and that Leave may be given to Derby, and for making and maintaining Railways or bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Stone Roads from such Cut or Canal to several Col-Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall heries in the Parishes of Denbigh, Horsley, and Smalley,

seem meet. in the said County: And that Lord George Cavendish.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the Table. same.

Blackburn A Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are and Burs- Blackburn to Burscough Bridge, in the County of Lan- thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of, or Ro^Bili^6 caster, was read a Second Time. otherwise interested in, divers Messuages, Lands, Te-

committed. Besolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry nements, and Hereditaments, within the Hamlet of

Hoghton, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Taddington and Pricstcliff, in the Parish Bakewell Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's and County of Derby, was presented to the House, Chamber. and read; Setting forth, That there are divers Fields,

Arable Lands, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Committee Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill said Hamlet, which lie open, dispersed, and inter-

on Sowerby for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from mixed, and, if the same were divided , and allotted

rnd<Mvn the Colder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge amongst the Owners thereof, and Persons interested

tositTo- Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding the rein, according to their respective Rights and Inmorrow. of the County of York, to the Canal of his Grace the terests, it would be a considerable Improvement to

Duke of Bridgwater, in the Parish of Manchester, in their Estates; and that there are, within the said Ham-the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Col- let, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, contain-lateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, is coming together about One Thousand Acres, upon, which mitted, have Leave to sit Tomorrow, notwithstanding the Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages, any Adjournment of the House. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Hamlet, are in respect thereof entitled to Right Swarkstone Lord George, Cavendish reported from the Committee, of Common; and that the said Commons and Waste

Canal Peti- to whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, and Grounds, in their present Situation, are incapable of

tion reported, the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, any considerable Improvement, and, if the same were Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Persons, whose also divided and allotted amongst the several Owners Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to the Committee had examined, and found that the their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation considerable Improvement to their Estates: And Bills, had been complied with; and that the Com- therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and

Means,

Taddington and Priest-difflnclosure Petition.

22° Februarii.

Q55

Means, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Cavendish and Mr. Mundy, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

DoMdRoad ^et^on of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-

Petition. holders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, and particularly of the Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neighbourhood of, and Inhabitants within, the Towns of Duffield, Belper, and Heage, all in the Parish of Duffield, in the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Town of Heage, through the Town of Belper, to the Town of Duffield, in the County of Derby, branching out of the present Turnpike Road from Chesterfield to D, and communicating with the present Turnpike Road from to

Derby, at Duffield, is, for the greatest Part, circuitous, narrow, ruinous, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually altered, amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law, but, if the same was made Turnpike, it would be of great Advantage and Accommodation to the Public, and particularly to the Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neighbourhood of, and Inhabitants within, the Towns of Duffield, Belper, and Heage aforesaid, and all others living near, or having Occasion to pass along, the said Road: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the said Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Swadlincote and Slapen-biU Canal Petition.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Land-Owners, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by a Survey lately taken, that a Cut or Canal, for the 'Navigation of Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, may be conveniently made from the Collieries of Swadlincote and Newhall, in the County of Derby, to join, and communicate with, the River at

Or near Stapenhill, in the said County of Derby, and that the same, with Liberty to Navigate such Boats and Vessels to and from such Cut or Canal, across and along the said River Trent, into and along Two Cuts or Canals, called Peefs Canal and Shapnall Canal, or to make and maintain a Cut or Canal near the same, in Burton Extra, otherwise Bond End, in the Parish of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to or near a certain Bridge there erected, across the Turnpike Road leading from Burton upon Trent aforesaid, towards the City of Litchfield, and also along another Part of the said River Trent, from the said Peel's Cut or Canal, or Cut or Canal to be made near the same, info or near the Southward End of a certain Common Meadow in Burton upon Trent aforesaid, called The Meadow below the Bridge, wall afford an Opportunity of bringing to Market, upon very advantageous Terms, the Produce of the several Mines of Coals and Ironstone in or near the said Collieries, and also the Produce of several Mines or Quarries of Limestone near to the said Cut or Canal and River Trent, and con-Vol. 48.

siderably reduce the Price of the Carriage of those several Articles, and of all Mercantile Goods, and will also be of Service to the adjoining Estates, and be of great Utility to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for obtaining, making, and maintaining, the said Navigable Cut or Canal, and for obtaining the said Liberty of Navigation across and along the said River Trent, Peel's Cut, and Shapnall Cut, or making and maintaining the said Cut or Canal near thereto, by such Ways and Means, and with such Pow'ers, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mundy, Lord George Cavendish, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. John Charles Villiersreported from the Com-Burton upon

mittee, to whom the Petition of the Noblemen, and Trent and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, H^th Canal Land Owners, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, Petition re-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; ported. That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Robert Hervey Wyatt, being examined, said, That it appears, by a Survey lately taken, that a Navigation, for Boats and other Vessels with heavy Burthens, may be conveniently made from the present Navigation of the River Trent, at or near Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to join and communicate with the'

Coventry Canal, at, upon, or near Fradley Heath, in the said County, where it will unite with the Inland Navigations to the Ports of London, Hull, Bristol, Liverpool, and the intermediate Places, and afford an Opportunity of bringing to Market, upon very advantageous Terms, the Produce of the several Mines of Lime,

Limestone, Coals, Ironstone, Grindingstone, Building Stone, and other Minerals, on the South Side of the River Trent, and considerably reduce the Price of the Carriage of those several Articles, and of all Mercantile Goods, and will also greatly facilitate the Trade of the River Trent from the Ports of Hull, Gainsborough, and other Places, and be of great Utility to the Public in general.

Ordered, That Leave be given to brin^ in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication: between the River Trent Navigation, at, or near, the Town of Burton upon Trent, and the Coventry Canal at Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford: And that Mr. John Charles Villiers and the Lord Paget do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Chute presented to the House, according to Basingstoke Order, a Bill for effectually carrying into Execution an r'an®1 Bl.11 Act of Parliament, of the Eighteenth Year of the p es n *" Reign of His present Majesty, for- making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and to the South-East Side of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Turgiss, in the said County of Southampton:

-Asm*.

ton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Granby and A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common SuUonJnel0- pjgi^ Meadows, and Pastures, and other Common-mUted'. C°m" aWe Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Granby and Sutton, in the Parish of Granby&nd Sutton,

in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

pont, Mr. Mundy, & c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ipswich Pav- Sir Charles Bunbury presented to the House, accented*1 PrC* cor^'n8 to Order, a Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein:

' And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Skidby Indo- A Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Open sure Petition. Fields, Lands, Pastures, Commons, and Waste, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Parish „ of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York, certain Open Arable Fields, Lands, Pastures, Commons, and Wastes; and that the said Common Fields, Pastures, and Grounds, in their present Situation, are capable of very little Improvement, but, if the same were inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, a considerable Benefit would accrue to all the Parties interested therein, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncotnbe do prepare, and Firing in, the same.

Old Mai ton A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of

InclosureMessuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Parish tition. of Old Malton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, a certain Common or Tract of Waste Land, called Old Malton Moor, and also several Open Arable Fields, and other Commonable Lands, the Property of the Petitioners, and others, which are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested in the said Lands, if the same were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Thorp Audlin A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Inclosure Pe- thereunto subscribed, being Owners of ancient Com-tition. mon Right Houses, and Frontseads, and of Lands and Grounds, in the Township of Thorp Audlin, in the Parish of Badsworth, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that there are, within the said Township, several Open Fields, Stinted Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that, if the stud Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof made to the Petitioners, and all other Persons interested therein, the said Lands and Grounds might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of John Turton, Esquire, Lord of the Cridling Manor of Cridling Stubbs, in the West Riding of the Stubbs Inclo-County of York, and Owner of Lands and Grounds sure PetlLKra-lying in the Common Fields, and also of several Houses and Frontsteads having Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the several Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the said Manor, are, in their present open State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made to the Petitioner, and the several other Owners and Persons interested therein, the said Lands and Waste Grounds might be greatly improved: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names, are Warmfield-thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, Mer- cum Heath chants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, canalPeti-J within the West Riding of the County of was tion.

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it appears, by Surveys and Levels lately taken, that a Canal, navigable for Boats, and other Vessels, may be made from the River Colder, in the Township of field cum Heath, to or near the Township of Barnsley, and from thence to Bamby Bridge, and by One other Cut branching out of the said Canal near Barugh Mill, and ending at or near Haigh Bridge, all in the West Riding of the County of York; and that the making of such Canal and Cut, together with proper Waggon,

Railed, and other Roads and Ways, to communicate therewith, will be attended with very great Benefit and Advantage, not only to the Petitioners, and all others,

Owners of Estates, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents near to the said intended Canal and Cut, but also to the City of York, the Towns of Malton, Selby, and Hull, and many other populous and con- , siderable Towns and Places, where extensive Works, and Manufactories of various Kinds, and great Traffic, are carried on, in the County of York, and other Counties, as the said Canal will pass through a Tract of Country in which are very large Quantities of Coal and Ironstone, and will afford a cheap, easy, and expeditious Conveyance for Com, Lime, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to and from the Places lying in, or near to, the Line thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining the said Canal,

Cut, and Waggon, Railed, and other Roads and Ways, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir William Mordaunt Milner,

Mr. Wilberforce, 8cc.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

Petition ro- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are uce'o/the*0 thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Application £ands lying in or near to the Line of a proposed Navi-for the Lei- gation, from the Town of Leicester, to communicate cester Nan- with the River Nen, in or near the Town of sTfaras111' ton' was presented to the House, and read; Setting relate* to im- forth, That the Petitioners observe, that, on the 1st proving the Day of February, Leave was given by the House to River Nen, bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Leicester, to communicate with the River Nen, in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation, and the Petitioners also observe, that Powers are contained in the said Bill for making or improving the Navigation of the River Nen, otherwise called The Northern River, in several Parishes or Places in the County of Northampton, therein described; and Representing to the House, that, after diligent Enquiry, they are not able to discover that any previous Public Notice has been given of the Application made to the House, for Leave to bring in the said Bill, so far as the same concerns pr relates to the making or improving the Navigation of the River Nen, otherwise called The Northern River, as required by the Standing Orders of the House, made on the 7th Day of June last, or, that this House has given any Leave to bring in the said Bill, so far as the same concerns or relates to the making or improving the Navigation of the said River; and that the Petitioners also observe, that Powers are contained in the said Bill for making certain Navigable Cuts or Canals therein described, materially differing and deviating from the Course or Direction of the Navigable Cuts or Canals described in the Public Notices, which were given in the Month of September last, of the Application then intended to be made in this present Session of Parliament, for Leave to bring in the said Bill, and also materially differing and deviating from the Course or Direction of the Navigations, Cuts or Canals, described in the Petition presented to the House on the 28th Day of January last, for Leave to bring in the said Bill, and in the Map or Plan thereunto annexed, and, that such Maip or Plan also materially differs and deviates from the Course or Direction of the Navigations, Cuts, or Canals, described in such last mentioned Public Notices; and that the Petitioners submit to the House, that, in the several Instances and Particulars above-mentioned, or some of them, the Standing Orders of the House, made on the 7th Day of June last, relative to Navigation Bills, have not been complied with; and that the Petitioners, or some of them, will be materially affected and injured, if the Navigation of the said River, and the said proposed Alterations and Deviations, in the Course or Direction of the said Cuts or Canals, should take Place, inasmuch as One of the Petitioners. is Lord of the Manor, and Owner of the Soil, through which the Navigation of the said River is proposed to be made, and others of them are Proprietors of Estates through which the Line of the said Navigation will be carried, by Means of such Alterations and Deviations as aforesaid, to the great Prejudice of their said Estates: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, or such Part or Parts thereof as are above-mentioned or referred to, and may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That foe said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to foe House, the Matter of Fact contained in foe said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Roneys, Mr. Smith, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; Vot, 48.

and all who come to foe Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That foe said Committee have Leave to sit Tomorrow, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Hons* re-House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. solve* to ad-

jouru toMoa-

A Bill for making and maintaining a Road from, or day‘ nearly from, French Top, in foe Parish of , ^dlew°rth

in the West Riding of the County of York, to - Road*Ml P houses, in the Parish oi Glossop, in the County of Derby, committed, and for. repairing and altering the Road leading from, or nearly from, a Close, called Copley Meadow, in Stayley, to, or. near to, Stayley Bridge, in the County of Chester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Egerton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of foe Additional Company of Proprietors of foe Canal Navigation from Petition to Manchester, to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, &<Tcanai

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, which was Yester- Bill, referred day presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon to a Com-the Table, might be again read. m,ttee-

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Blackbume,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Robert Palk, Bayonet, was pre- Torbay sented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Harbour foe Petitioner, as Lord of the Manor of Tormoham, Petl, on-in the County of Devon, is in Possession of the entire Coast on One Side of Torbay, and of an ancient Quay, built in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, by the former Proprietors of foe Manor, for the Purpose of affording Shelter and Anchorage to Boats and Vessels employed in the Fishery and Coasting Trade, subject to the Payment of certain Quay and Anchorage Dues, as established and authorized by a former Act of Parliament: And, as the Number of Vessels, which usually resort to the said Quay, is so considerably increased, that it is wholly inadequate to afford them Shelter and Protection, foerefore praying, That he may be allowed the Authority of an Act of Parliament, for the further Extension and Augmentation of the Harbour, so as to render it more commodious ami capable of accommodating a greater Number of Vessels, and of a larger Tonnage, as well as for the better Regulation and Settlement, or Increase, of foe Quay Dues, which are at present so moderate, as scarcely to afford a sufficient Fund for keeping It in constant Repair.

Ordered, That foe said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Palk, Mr. Rolle, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;. and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Edward James Eliot, from the Select Com- Stockbridge mittee, who were appointed to try and determine the Election Merits of foe Petition of Joseph Foster Barham, and d*termin*d-George Porter, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the

3 U several

22" Februarii.

A. 1793:

several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where seribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being the same was read; and the Resolutions of the Corn-lawful Elector# of the Borough of Stockbridge, in the mittee are as followeth;

County of Southampton, severally complaining of an Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That undue Election and Return for the said Bovough, in- there was the most notorious Bribery and Corruption at formed the House, the last Election of Members to serve in this present

That it appeared to the said Select Committee, that Parliament for the Borough of in the County

William Newman was the proper Returning Officer at of Southampton.

the last Election for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton.

And that the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Cator, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Stockbridge:

And also, That the said Select Committee have, determined,

That John Scott, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Stockbridge:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Joseph Foster Barham, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Stock-bridge:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Bribery and Corruption require the most serious Consideration of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Sevennight, the 7th Day of March next.

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the said Select Committee be laid before this House.

Mr. Edward James Eliot accordingly presented to Minutes of the House, the Minutes of the Evidence taken before Stockbridge the said Select Committee. Committee

And the said Minutes were read. presented.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Minutes be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

for the said Borough of Stockbridge:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the said George Porter, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Stockbridge:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Joseph Foster Barham and George Porter, Esquires, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Electors of the Borough

amended.

Report of Bribery at Stockbridge Election.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Estimates,

Command, Mn'JST"

N° 1. Estimate of the Expence attending the Civil y ‘

That George Porter, Esquire, the Petitioner, ought to Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, from Canada. have been returned a Burgess to serve in this present the 31st of December 1792 to the 31st of December Parliament for the said Borough of Stockbridge: 1793: And also,

And also, That the said Select Committee have de- N° 2. Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Nova Scotia, termined, . Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in Ame-

That the said Joseph Foster Barham, Esquire, is duly rica, from the 1st of January 1793 to the 1st of January elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament 1794: And also,

N° 3. Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil New Brunt. Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in wick< America, from the 24th of June 1793 to the 24th of

June 1794: And also,

N° 4. Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil St.John's _ Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, h*and-from the 1st of January 1793 to the 1st of January 1794: And also,

N° 5. Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Cape Breton Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, i

from the 24th of June 1793 to the 24th of June 1794:

And also,

N° 6. Estimate of the Sums necessary to pay the Newfound-Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island , and' o (Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, did not of Nefrom the 1st of April 1793 to the appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or 1st of April 1794: And also,

vexatious: N° 7. Estimate of the Sums necessary to support the Bahama

And also, That the said Select Committee have de- Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition Islands, termined, to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of

That the Opposition of the said John Cator and John the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending Scott, Esquires, to the said several Petitions, did not the same, from the 1st of January 1793 to the 1st of appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or January 1704: And also,

N° 8. A Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Chief Jus- Bermuda.

" tice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th " June 1793 to the 24th 1794 And also,

N° 9. A Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Chief Dominica. , " Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st of " January 1793 to the 1st of January 1794:" And also,

N° 10. Estimate of the Charge of defraying the New South Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the Wales.

10th of October 1792 to the 10th of October 1793:

And also,

N® it. A Paper, intituled, "Totals of the Esti- Totals of th " mates." Estimates.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Papers were read.

The said Estimates and Papers are as followeth;

viz.

vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Stockbridge Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do Return to be attend this House, upon Monday Morning next, with the Two Returns, made by William Newman and John Churcher, for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, and amend the same, by taking off the File the Indenture of Return made by the said John Churcher, and by rasing out the Names of John Cator and John Scott, Esquires, from the Return made by the said William Newman, and inserting the Names of Joseph Foster Barham and George Porter, Esquires, instead thereof.

Mr. Edward James Eliot also reported from the said Select Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and

ESTIMATE

ESTIMATE of the Expence attending the Civil Establishment of the Proving! Canada,

from the 31st of December 1792 to the 31st of December 1793.

Upper

Canada.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - -

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General - -

Solicitor General.....- -

Two Judges of the Common Pleas, at 500l. per Annum each Clerk of the Crown, and Pleas - - - / -

Two Sheriffs, at 160/. each -

Secretary of the Province, and Register -

Clerk of the Council Surveyor of Lands (no Salary)

Receiver General of the Revenues - -

Five Executive Councillors ——

Naval Officer -

To Allowance on Account for Fees, on Receipt and Audit for die Year, ending die 31st

December 1792, omitted in the last Estimate r ——

To Allowance on Account of D* to December 1793 - -

Agent - -

Totfd - £.

£. s.

2.000 ——

1,100 ——

309 — — 100 — —

1.000 ——

100 1 -

200 ——

300 ——

100 ——

200 ——

500 ——

100 — —

250 ——

350 ——

200 ——

,700 ---- r

Six Thousand Seven hundred Pounds.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of ,the Province of Nova , Nova Scotia. in America, from the xat of January 1793 to the lat of January 1794.

To the Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council - - -

Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Treasurer ——

Agent ——

Allowance to a Bishop -.....--

D* to Ministers ——

A Missionary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England Mrs. How's Annuity ——

Allowance to the Superintendent of the Fishery ——

On Account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit of Grants - -

Allowance to the Reverend Mr. Bennett, as in the preceding Estimate Allowance to the Reverend Dr. Breynton, as in the preceding Estimate Allowance to the Reverend Dr. Brown, Minister of the Presbyterian Congregation at Halifax, until otherwise provided for...- -

Total -

£. d.

1,000 ——

850 — —

150 ——

250 ——

100 — — 150 ——

50 ——

200 -

700 -

965 -

75 ——

100 ——

200 ——

200 -

100 -

150 ——

75 ——

5,315 — —

Five Thousand Three hundred and Fifteen Pounds.

Vox.. 48.

22* Febtuarii

1793.

New'Bruns- ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick

in America, from the 24th June 1793 to the 24th June 1794.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor

Chief Justice - - , -

Salary to Three Assistant Judges, at 300 /. each Attorney General -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Naval Officer -Surveyor General of Lands -

Agent r -

To Stipends and Allowances to Ministers To Allowance on Account for unforeseen Contingencies

Four Thousand Four hundred Pounds.

Total

£. s. d.

1,000

500

gOO

150

250

100

150

- 700

500

£. 4,400

St. John's Island.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint , in America, from the 1st of January 1793 to the 1st of January 1794.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - -....

Chief Justice -

Attorney General ....

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -

Naval Officer - -

Provost Marshal -

Minister - ....

Surveyor General - ....

Agent .....- - -

Allowance for Contingencies - ....

- D* - - on Account of Fees on the Receipt and Auditing - -

- D* - - to the late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner, until otherwise provided for

To replace a Sum advanced to the late Clerk of the Council, on Account of an Allowance of 6oi. a Year granted to him, until otherwise provided for ....

Remainder of the said Allowance for One Year, from the 1st of January 1793 to the 1st of January 1794 ——

Total - - £

One Thousand Nine hundred Pounds. __

£. s.

5 00 — — 300 — —

100 ——

150 ——

100 ——

100 ——

70 —

100 ——

100 ——

130 ——

100 ——

90 ——

50 ——

10 ——

1,900 ——

Cape Breton. ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Breton,

in America, from the 24th of June 1793 to the 24th of June 1794

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor....

Chief Justice -Attorney General -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council -Naval Officer -

Provost Marshal - -

Minister -

Surveyor General -

Agent....

Allowance, upon Account, for unforeseen Contingencies -

£. s. d.

500 ——

300 ——

100 — T —

,50 ——

100 ——

100 ——

100 ——

100 — - —

150 ——

200 — —

One Thousand Eight hundred Pounds.

Total

1,800 — —

33 Geo. Ilf. 22

261

ESTIMATE of the Sums- necessary to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundland, from the ist of April 1793 to the 1st of April 1794.

Salary of the Governor -

Governor's Secretary -Judge of the Admiralty Naval Officer -Agent -On Account, for Fees on Receipt and Audit

Total

One thousand One hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Ten Shillings.

£. s. d.

500

182 10 —

200

100

ioo — —

- 100

- £. i,i82 10 —

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the J Islands, in Addition

to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1793 to the 1st of January 1794.

£. s. d.

Additional Salary to the Governor ——

Salary of the Chief Justice - .

Two Assistant Judges, at 200l. per Annum each -

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council ——

Provost Marshal ——

Attorney General ——

Naval Officer ——

Minister - -

Salary to the Minister at Harbour Island and Eleuthera ——

D* — to Three Missionaries to the other Islands ——

D° — to the Surveyor General of Lands ——

Allowance for the Maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government -Allowance to Mrs. IVtgg, for the Support of herself and Seven Children, now in Distress, in Consideration of the long Services and Sufferings of her late Husband, the late Attorney General ——

Agent ——

Allowance on Account for unforeseen Contingencies ——

Total - - £.

Four thousand Two hundred and Fifty Pounds. =

800 ——

500 ——

400 ——

150 ——

150 ——

150 ——

150 ——

70 ——

70 -

210 ——

150 ——

700 ——

100 ——

150 ——

5°o ——

4,250 ——

SALARY to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers 1793 to the 24th June 1794 -

Feeson Receipt ——

Five hundred and Eighty Pounds.

Islands, from the 24th June

£. s. d.

Total

Vo l. 48.

3X SALARY

Nfwfound*

land.

Bahama

Island*.

Bevmuda.

Dominica.

New South Wules.

262

22° Febm

A. 1793.

S A L A R \ to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st of January 17Qt1 to the 1st of January 1794 - . . - -r ——

Six Hundred Pounds.

To cease when a Salary has been provided by the Legislature.

-J

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of New from the

lpth of October 1792 to the 10th of October 1793.

Allowance to the 'Governor - -

- - - - - Lieutenant Governor ——

- - - - Deputy Judge Advocate -

----- - Commissary -

- ----- Provost Marshal

----- - Secretary to the Governor ——

----- - Lor Stationery - -

----- - Chaplain ——

..... Surgeon - -

- - - - Three Mates, each 91/. 5 s.

- ----- Assistant D° ——

----- - Surveyor of Lands - - - *

- - - - lieutenant Governor of Norfolk Island -

- - - - Assistant Chaplain ——

.....Deputy Commissary of Stores. ——

----- - D* — at Norfolk Island ——

- - - - Assistant Storekeeper . - -

- - - - Deputy Surveyor of Lands -

----- - Twelve Superintendents of Convicts, at 40V. per Annum each -

----- - Agent -

Arrears of Salary.

Thomas Jamison, from March 1791 to 9 October 1792, at 40 /. a Year David Burton, from 1 May 1790 to 9 October 1792, at 40 /. a Year -

Thomas Freeman, from 10 July 1790 to 9 October 1792, at 40/. a Year Thomas Daveny, from 8 March 1791 to 9 October 1792, at 40/. a Year Willianj Broughton, from 20 February 1789 to 9 October 1792, at4oZ. a Year - -

LTpen Acownt for Fees and Audit -

f>3

97

9°

63

s.

17

JO

d.

7*

8 10

104 to 9

Total -

- £.

£. d.

1,000---- —

250 ——

182 10 — 182 10 —

y 5-

91 5 —

20 -

182 10 — 182 10 — 273 15 — 5° ——

1$2 IO---

250 ——

34O ——

91 <; —

9* 5 —

50 ——

91 5 —

4B0 ——

150 -

419 8

— 1

200 — - —

4,657 »8 — I

Four Thousand Six hundred Fifty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and One Halfpenny.

TOTALS OF THE ESTIMATES:

£. s. d.

Upper Canada - - - & ^1 c 0 1 I.

Nova Scotia - 5,315

New Brunswick - -- - - - 4,400

Island of Saint John - -- -- - 1,900

Cape Breton ----- ---- 1,800

Newfoundland - - 1,182 10 —

Bahamas ----- ----- 4,250

Bermuda 580

Dominica 600 *

New South Wales - . 4,6.57 18 — *

£. 3L385 8 —

Thirty-one Thousand Three hundred Eighty-five Pounds Eight Shillings and One Halfpenny.

33 Geo. III. 22° Ft

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

teexj*. A Petition of His Majesty s Justices of the Peace, i.tfsPflition acting in and for the County of Sussex, met and as-^jjl.!° sembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, lU* held at Chichester, in and for the Western Division of the said County, the 14th Day of January, and at Lewes, in and for the Eastern Division of the said County, the 17th Day of January 1793, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of Two Acts, passed in the Seventh and Ninth Years of the Reign of His. present Majesty, respecting the Militia of this Kingdom, the several Sums of £86/. 125. 2Id. and 440/. 18 s. n i d. making together the Sum of 1,327/. 11 j. 1 id.were assessed, collected, and raised upon, and within, the Eastern Division of the County of Sussex, to and for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, and in such Maimer, and by such Means, as the County Rates bad been usually, or night be, assessed, collected, and raised within the said Division of the sa^d County, and were, in pursuance of the said Atys, paid to Charles Gilbert, Esquire, the then Treasurer of the said Eastern Division of the said County, apd now remain in his Hands as a separate Fond unapplied; and that, by virtue of the said Acts, or one of them, the Sutn of 882/. si. g id. was assessed, collected, and raised upon, and within, the Western Division, of the County aforesaid, in like Manner, and for the like Purposes, and, in pursuance of the said Acts, was paid to Randolph liitte, Gentleman, since deceased, the then Treasurer of the said Western Division, and, after his Death, came into the Hands of the Reverend — — Tutte, Clerk, his lawful Representative, and the Whole, or some considerable Part thereof, remains in his Hands unadministered as a separate Fund unapplied: That the Stock of the said County, called The County Slock, is heavily charged by several Acts of Parliament, and it would tend to the Ease and Relief of the Inhabitants of the said respective Divisions, if the said several Sums of Money, now in the Hands of the said Charles Gilbert, and ----- ---- Tutte, Clerk, as

aforesaid were respectively made a Part of the General Stock of each Division respectively (after paying and satisfying the Charges of soliciting and passing this Act) to be disposed of and applied in the same Manner,

and to the same Uses and Purposes, and by the same Authorities, as the County Stock of each Division is, or may be, liable to: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bripg in a Bill to order and direct the said Charles Gilbert to pay the said Sum of 1,327/. 115. 1 % d.into the General Public Stock, or Fund, of the Eastern Division, and the said — the Representative of the said Randolph Tutti, deceased, to pay the said Sum of 835/. or so much thereof as the Goods and Chattels of the said Randolph Tutle, deceased, remaining unadministered in the Hands of the said ----- Tutte, Clerk, shall amount unto, into

the General Public Stock, or Fund, of the said Western Division of the said County of Sussex, and to indemnify them respectively for so doing, and to empower His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the said County, in the First Place, to order thereout the Payment of the Charges of soliciting and passing the said Act of Parliament, and the remainder thereof to dispose of in the same Manner as they are) by any Act or Acts of Parliament already passed, or '

Vo L. 4$.

bruarih 263

shall be, by any Act or Acts of Parliatnfent hereafter to be passed, empowered to order or direct the said respective Public Stocks, or Funds commonly called The County Stock, to be paid or disposed of, and with such other Powers and Authorities as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Villiers, Mr. Steele, See.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts of Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made Exch«qn*r out by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of KiUs ordm<,< Parliament, intituled, " Arr Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two."

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an on the Mode effectual Mode for obtaining a due Attendance of Mem- for obtaining bers of this House on the Days appointed for taking ante'o^MTm-into Consideration Petitions complaining of undue bers. Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, or Petitions respecting the Rights of Election.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Cornewall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Cornexvall reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir George Cornewall accordingly reported from the rePorted* said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That it is highly advisable that the House should take such Steps as may conduce to the most speedy Trial of the several Petitions complaining of undue Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, in order that, as far as may be, they should be tried and determined in the present Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That this House should be called over on Wednesday the 6th Day of March next.

Resolved,' That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several Petitions complaining of an undue

Election and Return for the Borough of Shaftesbury,

now ordered to be taken into Consideration on Tuesday

next, the 26th Instant, and also, the several Petitions,

complaining of an undue Election and Return for the

Borough or Great Grimsby, now ordered to be taken

into Consideration on Thursday, the 28th Day of this

Instant

28° Febru

*4. 1793.

' Instant February^ should bfe taken into Consideration

bn Thursday the 7th Day of March next; and that the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Retufn for the Borough of now appointed

for Tuesday the 5th Day of March next, and also, the Several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Poole, now appointed for Thursday the 7th Day of March next, should be taken into Consideration on Tuesday the 12th Day of March next, before the Consideration of the Petition complaining of the Pontefract Election now appointed for that Day.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That on the above recited Days now appointed for the Consideration of the several Petitions above named; viz. on Thursday the 7th Day of March next, and on Tuesday the 12th Day of March next, or on any other Day in this Session of Parliament, on which any of the above-named Petitions shall he ordered to be taken into Consideration, and the House shall have proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, for the Trial of any of the above-named Petitions, and the Names of the Members shall be drawn and called for that Purpose, Mr. Speaker should direct the Name of every Member so called, who shall be absent from the House, to be set aside; and that a List should be made of the Names of such absent Members to be reported, by Mr. Speaker, to the House on the next Sitting Day.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon the Report of the List of the Names of such absent Members, the Members, for whose Non-attendance, on the Appointment of any such Select Committee, a sufficient Excuse shall not be made and allowed by the House, should be forthwith ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and should not be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House should require, that strict Proof should be given of the Facts and Circumstances which shall be alleaged in Excuse for the Non-attendance of any Member, on the Appointment of any such Select Committee, as is above described.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine Contradicente.

The Second and Third Resolutions of the Committee being read a Second Time;

House to be Ordered, That this House be called over upon culled over. Wednesday Sevennight, the 6th Day of March next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms amending this House.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Lord* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and have passed Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

Butcher's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to kUae 1 ' ‘ enable John Butcher, Esquire, and his Issue, to use the Surname and Arms of pursuant to the

Will of Henry Rodbard, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Butcher's And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Name B.U Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee, jfepwt on who were appointed to consider of a Mode of limiting, [he'prSuce0* regulating, and applying the Produce of the Tolls to of Tolls be. imposed by all Bills now depending, or which imposed by shall hereafter be. introduced into this House, for Navigation making Navigable Canals, in such Manner as may best B" 8‘ reconcile the Interests of the Undertakers with the Public Benefit; That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to move the House, That Leave be given to bring ill a Bill to regulate, in future, the Transfer of Shares in all Undertakings for making Navigable Canals, and to prohibit the Transfer of Subscriptions to such intended Canals for a certain Time in the said Bill to be limited.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

A Motion Was made, and the Question being pro- Motion posed, 'J'hat the uniform and persevering Opposition respecting given by our Ancestors to every Attempt to erect Barracks in this Country, was founded upon a just Understanding of the true Principles of our free and excellent Constitution; and that this Opposition has been justified and supported by high Political and Legal Authority, whose recorded Opinion is, " That in Time of Peace " the Soldier should live intermixed with the People,

" that no separate Camp, no Barracks, no Inland " Fortresses, should be allowed; and that a Circulation " should be thus kept up between the Army and the " People, and the Citizen and the Soldier be intimately " connected together."

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for Supply the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deferrcJ* House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to Means consider further of Ways and Means for raising the deferred« Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and on Mutiny Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army Bi,« and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed, the Chair. '

Mr. Henry Hobarl reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart have Leave to Time for make a Motion, it being near Eleven of the Clock. receiving And he moved the House accordingly. Petitions

Ordered, That the Time for receiving Petitions for en ar=ei ‘ Private Bills be enlarged until Monday next.

04 . Mr.

American Trade Bill presented.

Proceedings on East India Judicature Act.

Paddington Church Bill presented.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Laws, now in force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom, and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in The East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the several Lists, which had been before delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Acts, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said Lists were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the Covers, and put together into a Box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered That the said Lists be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the same, and report to the House, upon Monday next, the Name of every Member whose Name shall appear in Twenty or more of the said Lists.

And they are referred to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Rose, Mr. Charles Long, Sir William Dolben, Sir George Jackson, Mr. Blackbume, Mr. Sir Archibald

Ed monstone, Mr. Powys, Mr. the Lord

Belgrade, Mr. Browne, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr.

Scott, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Lord Bayham, the Lord Sheffield, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Pybus, the Lord Arden, the Lord Hood, Admiral Gardner, Mr. John Thomas Townshend, Mr. Stephens, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Drake, Mr. Jerikinson, Mr. Gascoyne, Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Stanley, Sir Adam Fergusson, Mr. Minchi Mr. Burke', or any Five of them; And they are to meet Upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Halifax Roa«l to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering 01,1 Prt*

and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of s*nled' the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town.of Halif ax, in the West Riding of the County of York,

to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as relates to the First District of the Roads mentioned in the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Leeds Coals to Order, a Bill for amending and enlarging the Fr»"* Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thirty-ffrst Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals: And the same w-as received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for reviving, continuing, and Wakefield amending certain Acts, of the Fourteenth and Thir- , and Halifax tieth Years of King George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the Road from the North End of Wakefield Bridge to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending certain Acts, of the Fourteenth and Thirtieth Years of King George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the Road from the North End of Wakefield Bridge to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer* Petitions in chants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and other Inha- favour of the bitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Wakefield, in the County of York: And also, Bill.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others. Inhabitants of the Town of Burton upon Trent, in the County of Sta fford;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Leicester, to communicate with the River. Nen, in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Lunce, 25* dieFebruarii; Anno 33* Georgii III. U Regis, 1793.

Praters.

SI R John Morshead presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rebuilding the Parish " Church of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, " and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said ParishAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Vol. 48.

A Petition of the thereunder signed Persons, being Pontefract Inhabitants within the Honor of and the "nld,'\ake*

Manor of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County B* ron of York, was presented to the House, and read; Set- tion. ting forth, That within the Honor of Pontefract and Manor of Wakefield, there have 'been for Time immemorial Courts Baron, held for the Purpose of recovering Debts under Forty Shillings, by Verdict of Jury, and the Jurisdiction of the said Courts was, by an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended to the Recovery of Debts under Five Pounds, which has been found highly beneficial to Persons living within the Jurisdictions of the Courts of the said Honor and Manor; and that the said Honor and Manor are so intermixed, that it very frequently happens that the Cause of Action arises within the one, when the Party lives within the other, under which Circumstances the Creditor cannot recover his Debt in either of the said Courts, and, even

3 Y after

Petition for additional Provision in the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation Bill.

Doctor Gordon's Petition.

266 25° Februarii. A. 1793.

after Judgment obtained, the Debtor eludes the Execution by removing into the other Jurisdiction, in which Case his Effects cannot be seized under the Execution; and that it would be much for the Benefit of the Inhabitants within the said Honor and Manor, if Power was given to the Court, within the Jurisdiction of which the Debtor lives, to take Cognizance of such Suit, notwithstanding the Cause of Action accrued within the other, and if the said Courts had a Power of issuing Executions into the Jurisdiction of each other, under proper Regulations, and, it would be a further Benefit, if the Power of the said Courts Baron was extended to the Recovery of all Debts under the Sum of Ten Pounds: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of the said Courts Baron of the Honor of Pontefract and the Manor of , with such

Powers, and under and subject to such Rules, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Dun-

combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Leeds " Bridge, in the County of York, to the North Lady's

" Walk, in Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey; " and that a Bill is depending in the House, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation, and for other Purposes; and that the said Act hath in some Instances been found defective, and it is expedient that the same should be altered and amended: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for altering and amending the said Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Dun-combe, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Doctor Cuthbert Gordon, together with Copies of certain Certificates and Testimonials, &c. &c. thereunto annexed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in 1785, the

Petitioner submitted, under a certain specific Sum, his Discoveries in the Art of Dying in a Petition to this House, who, after referring it to a Committee, were pleased to address His Majesty in July 1786, and, in Consequence thereof, His Majesty was graciously pleased to appoint the Investigation of those Discoveries to the Right honourable the Lords of the Committee of Council for Trade, and the Petitioner submitted to their Lordships various Documents, on the small Scale of Dying, demonstrative of the Value and

Utility of his Discoveries, but their Lordships, not comprehending the Utility and Value of those Discoveries by the small Scale, ordered that Mr. Chamberlain Goodwin, of London, with the Assistance of the Society of Arts and Manufactures, should be desired to make the Experiment of dying One or Two Pieces of Cloth, or any other Woollen Manufacture on which the Experiment could be made, in Drab Colours or Black, in the Manner proposed by the Petitioner, in order to ascertain the Expence thereof, comparing it with the present Charge of dying Drabs, or of dying ordinary Blacks, or of dying the best Blacks on the Foundation of deep Blue, in the Manner at present practised, and also that the Petitioner should be authorized to hire One or Two Acres of Land, for the Cultivation of the Plant from which he draws his Red Colours, in order to ascertain to what Degree the said Plant can be improved, and what the Expence of Cultivation, and, that Mr. Charles Taylor, of Manchester, should be desired to dye some Cotton with the before-mentioned Plant, in order to determine what Species of Red would be produced thereby upon Cotton, and the Merit and Utility of that Manner of Dying, and, in the mean Time, their Lordships recommend to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to give the Petitioner the Sum of £. 200, as a Reward for his Merit in discovering Substances useful in Dying, and as an Encouragement to proceed in the said Discoveries; and that the Petitioner, desirous to the utmost of his Abilities to afford the Committee of Council all the Satisfaction in his Power, applied to Messrs. Gooduin and Taylor to make the Experiments required in their Lordships Minutes; and the Society of Arts and Manufactures nominated Mr. William De-sanges to attend and assist Mr. Goodwin in the Experiments on Woollen Goods; but both Mr. Goodwin and Taylor, by their Letters to the Lords of the Committee, declined to make such Experiments, and the Petitioner had therefore Recourse to Mr. Desanges, nominated by the Society of Arts and Manufactures, and to Mr. Jacob Mills, an eminent practical Dyer in London, with respect to the Experiments to be made on Woollen Goods, and to Mr. Henry Gardiner, an eminent Callico Printer, at Wandsworth, in Surrey, with respect to Cottons, who recommended to Mr. George Milne, the Person who directs, and under whose Eye all the Experiments of the Printfield are performed, to see it properly investigated, and to certify accordingly (the Certificates and Testimonials of which said Messrs. William Desanges and Jacob Mills, and also of the said Mr. George Milne, are annexed to the Peti-tition); and that the Petitioner hath, in Conformity, as he apprehends, to the said Recommendation of their Lordships of the Committee of Council, proceeded in further ascertaining the Practicability of his said Discoveries, and for that Purpose has, at a very considerable Expence of Time and Money, exhibited in the Manufacturing Parts of Yorkshire and Lancashire, and demonstrated there, by various Experiments on the largest Scale of Dying, and to the entire Satisfaction of the most competent Judges, the Utility, Beauty, and Fixity of sundry Colours, namely, Blacks, Drabs, and Yellows, dyed from such indigenous Plants as may at all Times be found in the greatest Abundance in this Kingdom, and accordingly he has the Satisfaction of annexing to his Petition the Certificates, or Testimonials, of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Dyers of the Town and Neighbourhood of Rochdale, in Lancashire, of the Clothiers Association at Saddle-worth, in the West Riding of Yorkshire, of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Dyers, of the Towns and Neighbourhood of Halifax and Huddersfield, together with those of the Merchants and Manufacturers of Leeds, and also the Testimonial of the most eminent Cloth Factors in London, setting forth, that Woollen Goods, dyed according to the Petitioner's Mode, are 7 now

33 Geo.

25° Februarii.

267

now sent to the London Market, and are daily commissioned for, and some Specimens of the Petitioner's Colours are annexed to the Petition, compared to those of the Old Practice: That the Petitioner, with respect to the Plant from which he draws his Red Colours, has made various Experiments on the Cultivation thereof in Mr. William Gordons Nursery Grounds near Bow, and some have been made at Messieurs Malcolm

And it is referred to Mr. W Mr. Blackburne, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of South Mil-

_________________________________________________ the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, forth and

and Son's, at Stockzveil, in Surrey, all which clearly in- within the Townships or Hamlets of South Milj'orth ^"^gy.|f1ncl'>‘

struct, that the said Plant may be greatly improved by and Lumby, in the Parish of , in the West committed.

Cultivation, and raised in any Quantity, at a moderate Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Expence (the Certificates and Testimonials of which, Time.

by Messieurs Malcolm and Son, and by Mr. William ResolvThat the Bill be committed to Sir William Gordon, are annexed to the Petition): That, soon after Mordaunt Milner, Mr. Wilberforce, c.: And they are the Session of Parliament 179x1, the Members for York- to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker's Chamber.

shire and Lancashire formed a Select Committee, in order further to consider of the Petitioner's Discoveries in the Art of Dying Woollen Goods, and, after repeated Sittings, resolved that certain Queries should be made out and sent to the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Dyers, of the Clothiers Association of Saddleworth, in Yorkshire, and to the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Dyers, of Rochdale, in Lansashire, in order to be categorically answered and reported upon by them, which was accordingly done in August and September following, and delivered personally to their respective Members of Parliament when in the Country, and the Queries, thus categorically answered and reported, are also annexed to the Petition: That all the above

Vouchers have been obtained since the Commence-

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Abemantand thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and Neath Canal others, Members of the Company of Proprietors of Petition, the Neath Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Canal, or Navigable Communication,

" from or near a certain Place, called Abernant, in the County of Glamorgan, to and through a certain Place, called The Brickfield, near Melinarythan " Pill, into the River Neath, near the Town of Neath,

" in the said County," whereby the said Company

ment of the Enquiry under the Direction of the Lords w'ere enabled to make the Navigable Canal described of the Committee of Council for Trade, and, as the in the said Act; and that the said Company have pro-Pedtioner did not bring forward his Discoveries in the ceeded to make the said Canal, and have expended very First Instance, without their being previously submit- large Sums of Money thereon, and find that the same ted to proper Judges, he has further Documents to might be rendered more beneficial to the Neighbour-produce in Support of them, if required, namely, the hood through which it is to pass, more useful to the

Reports, Testimonials, and Certificates, of all the Public, and more advantageous to the Company, if

great Manufacturing Towns in; the North of England some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Act and Scotland, long prior to the Enquiry of the Lords were altered and enlarged: And therefore praying,

of the Committee of Council, being as early as Ja- That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for alter-

nuary 1784 down to January 1785, and the Petitioner ing and enlarging some of the Powers and Provisions trusts that the Reports, Certificates, and Testimonials, of the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall

now brought forward, will be satisfactory to the House, as they prove the Practicability of his Designs, the Beauty and Fixity of his Colours, and the low Rate at which they can be afforded, and, consequently, the Importance of his Discoveries to this Country, as promoting its Trade and Manufactures, independent of the essential Saving of the Expence incurred to the

seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as if shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Pitt, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Nation in the Purchase of Foreign Dying Ingredients, Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's

and more especially in Time of War; and that it is with the greatest Reluctance the Petitioner finds it necessary to trouble the House with such a Variety of Documents relative to his Discoveries as he has now submitted, or are otherways ready to be .‘produced, but he begs Leave to solicit the patient Attention of the House to those Particulars, as there does not appear,

Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, to whom Risely Indo-the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and sure Open Fields, Meadow's, Commonable Lands and repor Waste Grounds within the Parish of Risely, in the in his Opinion, a more adequate Mode of either en- County of Bedford, was committed; That the Corn-forcing with their due Weight the different Objects of mittee had examined, and found that the Standing his Petition, or presenting them in a Manner so satis- Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had factory; and, upon the Whole, he trusts that the House been complied with; and that the Committee had exa-will think he has done enough to demonstrate that his mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same Discoveries will, in general, as carried into Practice, to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given be of great Consequence and Importance to the Com- their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the merce, Trade, and Manufactures, of this Country: Committee (except the Proprietors of 33 Acres of And therefore praying the House to resume the Con- Land and One Cottage Common; and that the Whole sideration of the Premises, and to give Leave that a of the Property intended to be inclosed consists of Bill may be brought in for ascertaining and establish- 1,858 Acres and 14 Cottage Commons; and that no ing his Discoveries on a proper and advantageous Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the looting for the Benefit of the Community and of the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Petitioner, in such Maimer as to the Blouse may seem Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One;

and.

fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Vol. 48.

25° Februarii.

A. 1793.

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Carnarvon A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Harbour and other Inhabitants of the Town of , or trading to the Port thereof, was presented to the House, and ' read; Setting forth, That the Harbour of

mine the Mattel- thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. B, the Lord &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Ux- Anglesey bridge, Proprietor of certain Copper and I^ead Mines ^*PP*r . in the County of Carnarvon, and the several Channels in the Isle of Anglesey, on behalf of himself, and other etl* leading thereto, have of late Years, by the Flux and Persons interested in the Mines in the said Island, was Reflux of the Tides, and various other Causes, been presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That greatly choaked and tilled up with Mud, Sand, and an Act was passed in the Twenth-sixth Year of the Dirt, and Vessels of Burthen are thereby prevented and Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for injpeded from getting up to the Quays, Wharfs, and " allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used Landing Places, within the said Harbour, and the Ship- " in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire En-ping lying in the Harbour are exposed to Inconveni- "gines for draining Water out of the Copper and ence and Danger; and that the Quays and Piers, al- "Lead Mines within the Isle of Anglesey;" and that, ready made and constructed within the said Port or by a Clause in the said Act, the Amount of the Duty Harbour, are not sufficient for the Preservation of the to be drawn back by virtue thereof is limited to the Harbour, and the Reception and convenient lying of Sum of 1,500 and in consequence of the

the Ships and Vessels resorting thereto, and for the requisite and convenient Dispatch in loading and unloading, and it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Merchants and others living in, or trading to and from, the said Town and Port, and of Public Utility, if the said Harbour, and the several Channels leading thereto, were properly enlarged, deepened, cleansed, and scowered, and if new and additional Piers and Quays were constructed and built for the Preservation and Protection of the Harbour, and the Accommodation of the Trade thereof; and that the Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places within the said Town, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and it would tend greatly to the Benefit, Convenience, and Safety, of the the Expence of being carried to be smelted in Countries Inhabitants of the Said Town, and all other Persons re- where Coals pay no Duty, nor can they bear the Expence sorting to, or travelling through, the same, if the said of being smelted there with Coals chargeable with the Streets, Lanes, Public Passages, and Places, were pro- Duty for which no Drawback is allowed; and that the perly paved, repaired, cleansed, lighted, watched, re- Demand for fine Copper has of late Years greatly increas-gulated, and widened, where necessary, and if the same ed, inso much that the Consumption thereof now exceeds were kept free from Obstructions, N uisances, and An- the Produce of this Country, and the Demand is daily in-noyances: And therefore praying, That Leave may be creasing on Account of the great Advantages arising from given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for effecting the several the Use of Copper in the Fastenings and Sheathings of Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Ships and other Vessels; and that it would be of general

said Drawback, which was granted on Account of the Want of Coals and other Fuel in the said Isle, Ores have been smelted in the said Isle with Coals brought there, the Drawback of Duties on which has amounted to the full Sum limited as aforesaid by the said Act; and that there are still very large Veins or Mines of Copper Ore in the said Isle capable of yielding great Quantities of fine Copper, and which might be worked if the Duty on all Coals imported into the Said Isle for the Purpose of calcining or smelting such Copper Ore, and used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the said Isle were allowed to be drawn back without Limitation, but the said Ores are so poor in Quality that they will not bear

Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bthe Lord Paget,

Benefit to the Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Mines, and of Public Utility, that every Encouragement should be given to increase the Produce of the Article of fine Copper in this Country, by granting a Drawback of the Duties on Coals in the said Isle, in like Manner as is now done in the Counties of Devon

-&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, and :And therefore praying, That Leave may

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Amlwch Harbour Petition.

be given to bring in a Bill for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on all Coals used in fcalcining or smelting Copper and Lead Ores within the Isle of Anglesey, or on Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead within the said Isle, or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, the Lord Paget,

A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Uxbridge, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Harbour of Amlwch, in the Isle of Anglesey, is inadequate to the Occasions of the Trade now carried on there, and in certain Winds does not afford Safety for Vessels lying the re, for want of a Pier and other necessary Works; but, that the said Harbour is capable of being rendered safe and commodious, and if the same was effectually improved, it &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at would not only be beneficial to the Trade and Com- Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have meree of the said Isle, but would, in Cases of strong Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

North and Westerly Winds, be very useful as a Retreat for Ships and Vessels navigating the North, A Bill for repealing Three several Acts, passed in Manchester English and Irish Channel: And therefore praying, the Fifth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of ami Salter's That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for en- his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the S[ucom"ad* larging and improving the said Harbour, in such Manner, Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, mitted. and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of and Parish of

Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salters

Brook,

meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

m Geo. III.

£5° Februarii.

Q69

Brook, in the County Palatine Chester, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was read a Second Time.

‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackburne, Sic.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Jutson, John Seales, William Coleman, John William Butcher, Matthew the Elder, Mat-

thew Wood, Thomas Knight, Mercer May, Edward Poushqy James Canboum, Thomas Isaac Car-

den, William Edenden, Absolom EdeWilliam Reeces, David Charosin, John Uden, and Edward Edenden, oil

Maidstone and Ashford Road Pf-tuiou reported; and Kepoit re-ro.umittfd

Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Company of Free Dredgers, called The Whitstable Company of Mr. Gipps reported from the Committee, to whom Dredgers, within the Manor and Royalty of Whitstable,

the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, except that the Parishes of 'Bbxley, Bronfield, and Witchting, in which a very small

‘Part of the Road intended to be repaired is situate, were not included in the Notices, it not being known, till very lately, that the Road passed through any of those Parishes; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Nathaniel Ougham, and Mr. Jasper Rowden, being examined, said, That there hath been, Time out of Mind, an Oyster Fishery within the Limits of the Manor and Royalty of Whitstable, in the County of Kent, which hath been managed and carried on at the Expence of a certain Company of Free Dredgers, called The Whitstable Company of Dredgers, whb have held the same as Tenants under the Lord of

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. the said Manor and Royalty, who has held Courts George Jemmettbeing examined, said, That the Road for the regulating the said Fishery; and that, by an-leading from Wrens Cross, in the Town of Maidstone, cient Usage and Custom, no Persons are entitled to through the several Parishes named in the Petition, dredge for Oysters within the Limits of the said to the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent, is Manor and Royalty, except the Members of the said very much out of Repair, and, in some Places, cir- Company.

cuitous, narrow, and incommodious to Travellers, and Mr. Cyprian Rondeau Bunce being examined, said, cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, shortened, im- That it would tend to the better Order and Ma-proved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of nagement of the said Fishery, if the said Company Law. ~ - - —

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was they have now an Opportunity of doing, the Owner of referred.

were made a Body Politic and Corporate, and were empowered to purchase the said Manor and Royalty, or such Part thereof as shall be found necessary, which

Ashford and Stockbridge Road Pe-

Part thereof having consented to ‘ sell the same to the Company. 1

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for incorporating the Company of Free Fishers and

Mr. Gipps reported from the Committee, to whom «oao re ^'e Pct'tion of the several Persons, whose Names are tiuel report- thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers Dredgers of Whitstable, in the County of Kent, and for <i of Estates, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the better ordering and Government of the Fishery: the Committee had examined, and found that the And that Mr. Gipps and Sir Edward Knatchbull do Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it ap-

a

V-'

fc'l

s«>,

prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Neatfcnstone Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and repairing the ^*®ter peered to them, to the House; and he read the Report Road from Clay Hill, in the Turnpike Road between p^^d. in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Neat Enstone and Chipping Norton, in the County of p

Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as Oxford, over Heyford Bridge, to the Water Lane, in

followeth; viz. the Town of , in the said County, and from

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Bicester aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road in Westonon

George Jemmett being examined, said, That the Road the Green, in the said County: And the same was re-, leading from the North End of Marsh Lane, in Ash- ceived; and read the First Time. ford, through the Parishes of Ashford, Kingsnoth, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Shadoxhurst, Ruckinge, Warehorne, and Orlestone, to

Stockbridge, in the Parish of Swore, in Romney Marsh, Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Stoke Ly«w in the County of Kent, is greatly out of Repair, nar- Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Bmi Ff'wcottl row, circuitous, and incommodious, and cannot be Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, ^sented amended, widened, turned, improved, and kept in Re- Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or P pair, by the ordinary Course of Law. Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Stoke

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Lyne and , in the Parish of Stoke Lyne, in the amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road County of Oxford: And the same was received; and from the North End of Marsh Lane, in Ashford, in the read the First Time.

County of Kent, to the End of the Parish of Orlestone, near Stockbridge, in Romney Marsh, in the said County:

And that Mr. Gipps and Sir Edward Knatchbull do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

WTAutaWe . Mr. Gipps reported from the Committee, to whom

Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Dunstew In-Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and closure Bitt Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, PresenUd-Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within

Vish<- the Petition of Thomas Rigdon, Thomas Hammond, IVII- the Manor and Parish of in the County of

nfQivtd^0" Humphry8, John Butcher, Matthew Brooming the Oxford: And the same was received; and read the

'Younger, John Lawson the Elder, Thomas Harrison, William Cornelious, Thomas Turner, John Gilbert, John "Vol. 48.

First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

3 Z Mr,

25° Februarii.

A. 1793.

Little Barford luclo-bure Bill preseuted.

Betitkrn against the Bill to extend the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations*

Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Or- F Canal Navigations took Levels and Surveyft, der, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and and gave, as the Petitioners have lately heard, the ne-Conitnon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pas- cessary Notices, pursuant to the Standing Orders of tures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, the House, of an intended Application to Parliament within the Manor, Township, Liberty, and Precincts for Powers for making the above intended Extension, of Little Barford otherwise Barford Saint John, in the and Collateral Branch or Cut therefrom, and the said

Parish of Adder bury, in the County of Oxford: And Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and the same was received; and read the First Time. Fazeley Canal Navigations, being apprized of the Pe-

Resolved , That the Bill be read a Second Time. titioners Intentions to open and work their Bradley

Coal Mines, and- to apply to' Parliament, with other A Petition of the Honourable Edward Foley, of Persons, for Powers to make a Canal Navigation to - Prestrvood House, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, convey Coals from Bradley, Darlaston, and other

Eliza Maria Foley, his Wife, and Mary Whitby, of Mines, for the Purpose better supplying'with Coals Great Barr, in the said County of Stafford, Widow, the Town of Walsall, and the Places before-men-was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, tioned, more regularly, and at a more moderate Price That the Petitioners are informed Application is mak- than they are now supplied, and also of conveying the ing to the House, by the Company of Proprietors Petitioners Coals by Water Carriage to the Peti-of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal tioners Lime Works at aforesaid, in order to

Navigations, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making burn such Lime, to manure and improve the Peti-an Extension of One of the Branches, or Collateral tioners Estates, and the Estates of other Persons in the Cuts, of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Neighbourhood thereof, and to benefit the Public, Canal Navigations, from its present Termination near are now applying to the House for Powers to make the Broadwater, in the Parish of Wednesbury, in the County said intended Extension, and Collateral Branch or Cut,

of Stafford, through the Liberty or Township of ston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, to the several Parishes of Wcdnesbury and Darlaston, to or near a Place, called Bilston Bridge, in the Liberty or Town-

and that, if such Extension and Collateral Branch or Cut, shall be made, they will in effect encircle or circumscribe the Whole of the Petitioners Coal Mines at Bradley aforesaid, and for ever absolutely prevent ship of Bilston, in the said Parish of Wolverhampton, the Petitioners from conveying by Water their Coals with a Collateral Branch, or Cut, from such Exten- from their said Bradley Coal Mines, to supply the sions tp or near a Bridge on the Turnpike Road lead- Town of Walsall and Places before-mentioned, and ing from Willenhall to Walsall, called County Bridge, their Lime Works aforesaid, without intersecting or in the Township and Parish aforesaid, and also ano- crossing the said intended Extension, and Collateral ther Collateral Cut; and that the Petitioners, Eliza Branch or Cut, or One of them, and should the said Maria Foley, and Mary Whitby, being the Co- Bill pass into a Law, the said Proprietors of the heiresses of Thomas Hoo, Esquire, lately deceased, are and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Naviga-

Owners of certain Coal and Ironstone Mines, at or near tions will monopolize the Conveyance of the Whole Wednesbury aforesaid; and the Petitioners are also of the Petitioners Coals at Bradley aforesaid, and Owners of a certain Estate called Bradley Estate, situate thereby prevent the Petitioners Mines from being car-in the Parishes of Wolverhampton, Tipton, Darlaston, ried to any other Market than along their Canal Na-and Wednesbury, or one of them, in the said County vigation, to the very great Detriment and Injury of of Stafford, consisting of several Hundred Acres of the Petitioners in particular, and the Public in ge-Land which are full of valuable Coal and Ironstone neral; and that if the said Bill should pass into a Law, Mines, and which Mines are now about to be opened the Petitioners will also be greatly further injured, in and worked by the Petitioners, and Preparations are as much as some of the Lanas and Grounds through now making for that Purpose, and the Petitioners are which the said intended Extension, and Collateral

also Owners of a certain Estate, called Barr Estate, within the Parish of Aldridge, in the said County of Stafford, consisting of about Two thousand Five hundred Acres of Old. inclosed Land, and a Common or Waste, adjoining, of about Three thousand Acres, very desirable to be inclosed, lying about Eight Miles distant from the Town of Birmingham, in which Estate is a very considerable lime Mine,

Branch or Cut, or One of them, will pass, and of which Lands or Grounds the Petitioners are the Proprietors, will be divided and separated from each other, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners and their Tenants; and that the Petitioners conceive the proposed Extension and Collateral Branch, or Cut, are calculated more to answer the private Advantage of the Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham

which cannot at present be worked to Advantage, and Fazeley Canal Navigations, than to produce any

by Reason of the great Expence of conveying Coals thereto by Land Carriage; and that the opening of the Bradley Coal Mines, and the Conveyance of Coals from thence by Water Carriage to or near the Town of Walsall, and the Neighbourhood thereof, and to the aforesaid Lime Works of the Petitioners, and the Sale of the Petitioners Coal and Lime there, and at the Town of Sutton ColMeld, in the County of Warwick, and at the City of Litchfield, and the Town

real Benefit to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, untill the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Termination of One of the Branches of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, near Broadwater, in the

of Tamworth, in the said County of Stafford, and the Parish of Wednesbury, in the County of Stafford, to or

intermediate Villages and Places, would be a great Advantage to the Inhabitants thereof, and of Public Utility, by reducing the present high Price of Coals and Lime there, and securing to the Towns and Places before-mentioned a more regular and certain Supply of those very necessary Articles, at a moderate Rate: That, soon alter the Decease of the said Thomas Hoo, the Petitioners were involved in Litigation respecting a pretended Will of the said Thomas Hoo, which was produced against the Petitioners as his Heirs at Law, and, pending such Litigation, the Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and

.9

near a Place called County Bridge, in the said County, and also for making a Collateral Cut or Canal from the said Birmingham and Birmitigham and Fazeley Canal, at or near Winson Green, to, or near to, the Road leading from Soho, to Little Hockley Pool, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, be brought in.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the " Term, and vary the Powers, of so much of an Act,

" made

n

K

hi

*1

J

til

IS

H

ft

k

ci:

E

it

Ii

t

a

hi

a

tK

ID

c

Sutton Cold-field Road Bill committed.

33 Geo. III.

2£° Febniarii.

m

" made in die Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his Public Passages and Places within the Borough of " late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton , and the Precincts thereof, in the County of

" Coldfield Common, and several other Roads therein Salop, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was " described, in the County of Stafford, as relates to read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. naston, Mr. Thornton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

the Wolverhampton District of Roads," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, the Earl Gower, 8tc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Melton Mow*

Oakham Canal Peti-

Mr. Heathcote reported from the Committee, to whom th^ Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen, tionrrporied. Merchants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was referred; that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place ,* and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr William Jessop, an Engineer, being examined, said, That by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, a Navigable Communication is nearly perfected between the River Trent, and a Place called The Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, by the Rivers Soar, Wreak, and Eye; and, by Surveys lately taken, it appears that a Navigable Canal may be made from the said Mill Close Homestead, into a Place called Cult's Close, in the Parish of Oakham, in the County of Rutland, which will be of great Public Advantage, by rendering the Carriage of Coal, Lime, Limestone, Lead, and all kinds of Merchandize to the Town of Oakham, and the Neighbourhood thereof, and to several Parts

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Hanbury Order, a Bill for taking down and re-building the Chinch Bill Tower of the Parish Church of Hanbury, in the Presented* County of Worcester, and for repairing the said Church,

Clergy, and rendering the same more commodious for the Pa-others, rishioners: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gaily Knight reported from the Committee, to Petition rela* whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose *7the A0t>H-Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and cation for the Occupiers of Lands lying in or near to the Line Leicester Na* of a proposed Navigation, from the Town of Leicester, vigation Bill to communicate with the River Nen, in or near the reporttd‘ Town of Northampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at '

the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A State of the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition, is as follows:

It was admitted by the Agent for the Bill, That in the Notices published in pursuance of the Standing Orders of the House, no Mention was made of making the River Nen navigable, but that the Parishes in which that Part of the River Nen, proposed to be taken into the Line of the Canal is situated, are described in such Notices: And that the same was delineated upon the Plan deposited with the Clerk of

of the Counties of Rutland and Leicester, much cheaper the Peace, in pursuance of the said Standing Orders, and easier than at present. The Agent for the Bill also admitted, That not-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for withstanding the Improvement of the River is

C~7 U C?

from the Leicester and Melton- Mowbray Navigation, in the Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the County of , into Cutt's Close,

in the Parish of Oakham, in the County of Rutland:

Shrewsbury ltd Nether tool Canal Mpre-Med.

making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal not mentioned in the Notices, they had inserted Provisions in the Bill for making Towing Paths on the Sides of the said River, for the Purpose, of a Navigable Communication.

And it appeared by the Evidence of Mr. Varley, And that Mr. Heathcote and Mr. Edwards do prepare, who made the Survey, That there were two Lines laid and bring in, the same. down on the Plan annexed to the Petition, as well as

on that lodged with the Clerk of the Peace; and that Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to at a Meeting at Market Harborough, in the Month of Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable November last, it was the declared Intention of the Pro-Canal from the River Severn, at or near Shrewsbury, moters of the Canal to include a Part of the River Nett in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near in their Navigation — and Mr. Varley being asked. Nether Pool, in the County of Chester, and also certain What Length of the River Nen is included in the Bill ? Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal: And he said. About 30 Chains. — And being asked, If that the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ittom

tmfaL

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton.

Mwudinc Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to ' ttdSbtew$. Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable

Part of the River is at present navigable? he said, He thought it was about Four Feet deep at this Time — that there are no Vessels passing, but it is in such a State that Boats might pass, though he could not speak with Certainty; but that there are no Towing Paths. — Then,

Mr. John Heyrick, Agent for the Bill, being called, he was asked, When, ana by what Means, was any Notice given, which of the Two Lines described in the

Canal from the- North End of the Shropshire Canal, Plan, was decidedly to be adopted? he answered, That

Will.

in the Township of Rockwardine Wtood, in the County of Salop, to the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

t* ‘.UfawYsv

\connautd.

A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching, and otherwise improving the Streets and other Vol. 48.

before the Plan was annexed to the Petition, the Words " This Line from A. to B. is not intended to.

" be executed," were wrote in Red Ink, the Morning before it was presented to the House, but tha\ he believed those W ords are not inserted on the Plan lodged with the Clerk of the Peace — And he further said. That the Owners and Occupiers of Lands included in both the lines had been applied to.

The

25° Februatii.

A. 1793.

The Agent for the Petitioners stated, That the Notices described a Collateral Branch to commence in the 'Parish of Great Bowden, and that the Petition for the Bill describes such Branch to commence in the Parish of 'Lubenham, which adjoins Great Bowden — It was admitted by the Agent for the Bill, that the Branch will go through Lubenham only, but that both Parishes are

named in the Notices.

Mr. Joshua Ring rose being called, was asked, What is the Extreme Boundary of the Parishes of Great Bowden and Lubenham, from East to West? he said, About Four Miles; and that the Distance between the , nearest Point in Great Bowde, and the Point of the proposed Branch in Lubenham, is about a Mile. — And*

Mr. Christopher Stavely being examined, said, That if the Branch had commenced from Great Bowden, it would have made the Line to Northampton longer than the present Line, by Two Miles and an Half; rand that the Extreme Distance from what would have been the Line is about a Mile, and that both Lines are in the Parishes of Great Bowden and Lubenham. — Then,

- Mr. William Jessop, Engineer, being called, was rasked, Why they relinquished the First Line to adopt the One of going into the River Nen ? he said, Understanding that some of the Land Owners objected to having their Land cut, and thinking it would be the -Desire . of the Promoters of the Bill to accommodate them as much as possible, by avoiding the Inconveniencies they complained of, he advised that the River should

br Occupiers of Estates within the County of ampton, and residing near, or occasionally travelling, the Road thereinafter described, was referred.

Sir William Dolben accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committtee had exuniined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Burford being examined, said. That the Road leading from the Foot of a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, commonly called Saint Mary's Bridge, through the Towns or Parishes of Little Bowden aforesaid, Brampton, Stoke Albany, Wilbarston, Carlton, Middleton, Cottingham, and Rockingham, in the said County of Northampton, to the West Side of the Toll Bar, at the North End of the Town of Rockingham aforesaid, is greatly out of Repair, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be properly repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Foot of a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Little Bozcden, in the

T:

be made a Part of the Navigation, clearly understand- County of , commonly called Saint Mary's

ing, that if the Land Owners would chuse to have their " " ....

Lands cut rather than not, and as there were regular Notices given for another Line, it would be in the -Power of Parliament to accommodate the Land Owners, by compelling the Proprietors to follow the Line already marked out.

And being asked, What Saving of Land it would be to the Land Owners to adopt the Line of the River instead of the Line first -proposed ? he said, About Three

Bridge, to the West Side of the Toll Bar at the North End of the Town of Rockingham, in the said County:

And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. Powys, and Mr.

Dickens, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Maimvaringpresented to the House, according Bethnal

to Order, a Bill for paving and repairing certain Green !'« Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, j"«j< in the Parish of Saint Matlheic, Bethnal Green, in the

such Parts of Old Cock Lane and York Street as are in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for altering, raising, ing, and preserving the Road from

widening, repatr-the

Acres — And being asked, If he thought it possible that County of Middlesex, and for paving and regulating any Injury could happen to the Land Owners by taking ' "

the Line of the River in preference to the other ? — he said, He could conceive no Injury to any Land Owner.

— Then,

Mr, Parley being again examined, was asked, Supposing the other Line had been adopted, whose Land would have been cut for the Distance for which the River is substituted ? he said, The same as those that lie on the Sides of the River.

And it appeared to your Committee, that no Part of the Soil through which the said River passes is the Property of any of the Petitioners; but that One of the Petitioners is Lord of the Manor and Patron of the Living of Dallington.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Leicester, to communicate with the River Ntn, in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation, is committed.

LoUey Hill, and Aldstonf,

Turnpike ,l"ads

Road between Gateshead and Hexham, near Lobley MnUp^' Hill, in the Parish of Wickham, in the County of ham, to Aldstone, in the County of Cumberland, and a Branch from the said Road, near Bryans Leap, in the County of Durham, to the Cor bridge Turnpike Road near Blackhedley, in the County of Northumberland, and another Branch from the said Road at JVolsingham, in the County of Durham, to Crosgate, near the City of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

S31

Mr

the!'1 the

\i«

cgw

(tlSlit

Altftt

t*!;«

Sian

BJtl

foe:

ihr

fry

It-! 3

x..-

js rr a a 1*-

It'ii.

: Jt. fcPe i & Vkc. IrJ

Beset ster trek inter: tie.?, lined liaise, tied1

t rep

k;e

wtKi

To

ife

k*

<2 H

U!ii

OG

«3i

to

Wfcdenhoe Inclosure Bill com* nutted.

A Bill for the better ordering and regulating the Billforbetter Manner of feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying regulating several Commonable and Waste Grounds lying in the Waste Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Chatteris'1 bridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts committed, of the said Grounds to fence the same, and for holding in Severalty for ever certain Parts or Lots, being Part

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wadenhoe, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's of the said Grounds, called The Acre Fen and Little Chamber. Ferry Burrt/us, in the said Parish of Chatteris, w as read

a Second Time.

Little Bow Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do make the Re- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur-Rockingham Port ^rom Committee, to whom the Petition of don, General &c.: And they are to meet

Roadivti- Gentlemen,. Clergy, Freeholders, and others, this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

tion reported, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners Chamber,

Mr.

S3 Geo. III.

25° Februarii.

273

LocuterN«- ‘Mh Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom That the Petitioners are considerable Occupiers of (igtuoa Bill the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from Lands, a great Part of which being used in AgricuU leporud. tjje Town of Leicester, to communicate with the River ture, much Pain and Industry are necessary, and great Ne/i, in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a Labour required for managing the same, and in reap-certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation, was ing and getting in the Produce thereof, and the Peti-committed; That the Committee had examined the tioners sustained very great and heavy Injuries in the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be last Harvest, by reason of the great Scarcity of Har-tru£; and that the Committee had gone through the vest Men, owing principally to the great Number of Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which Labourers employed in making and cutting Naviga-they had directed him to report to the House; -and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

tions, then and now carrying on in various Parts of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners, with much Alarm, observe by the Votes of the House, the many Petitions already presented for bringing in Bills, this

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further present Session, for making numerous other Canals,

Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report which was, this Day, made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands lying in or near to the Line of a proposed Navigation, from the Town of Leicester, to communicate with the River Nen, in or near the Town of,

was referred, be taken into Consideration at the same Time.

and if the same, or any considerable Part of them, should meet with the Approbation of Parliament, it would not only tend to make Labourers in Husbandry still more scarce, but would render it impossible for the Petitioners to reap and get in their Crops of Grain, unless the Proprietors of such Navigations be restrained from working and carrying on the same during the Time of Harvest; and the Petitioners submit to the House, that a Clause, or Clauses, be

Ashby de la Zooch Canal Petition reported.

inserted in every Bill for making any Cut or Canal now before the House, prohibiting the Proprietors and Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom Undertakers thereof from employing any Labourers, the Petition of the Right honourable George Harry Earl in the making or cutting of any such Cut or Canal, of Stanford, the Right honourable Thomas Lord from the 1st Day of August to the ist Day of October, Viscount Wentworth, and the Right honourable Charles in each Year, during the making or cutting of such Cuts Lord Viscount Maynard, and the humble Petition of or Canals: And therefore praying the House to take the

the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, residing in the several Counties of Warwick, Leicester, and Derby, and concerned or otherwise interested in Lands, Mines, Trades, and Manufactures there, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Premises into Consideration, and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Barsby and are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and other- South Crox-wise interested in, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pas- petition ^r& tures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in the Lordships or Liberties of Barsby, and South Croxton, in the County of Leicester, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Proprietors of, and

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Persons interested therein, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, to have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Share thereof set out and allotted for

Robert Whitworth, an Engineer, being examined, said, That a Canal for the Navigation of Boats,

Barges, and other Vessels, may be made from Ashby de laZouch, in the County of Leicester, through the

Parishes or Townships mentioned in the Petition, into the Coventry Canal Navigation; and also,' that several Cuts or Branches may be made therefrom to every of them, according to their respective Properties communicate with several Coal Mines, Lead Mines, therein, to be held, in Severalty, for ever: And there and Lime Works; that by Means of the said Canal, fore, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a

Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, Commonable Places, and Waste Lands, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Counties oi Leicesterf Derby, Warwick, Northampton, Mr. Pochin and Mr. Penn Assheton Curzon do prepare,

Buckingham, and Oxford. and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

the Inhabitants of the said Parishes and Townships, and of the adjacent Towns and Places, may be supplied with Coals, Lime, and other Merchandize, at a lower Price than at present; and by the Communication which will be thereby opened with the Oxford and Coventry Canals, great Advantages will arise to the

for making and maintaining, a Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to join and communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near

PsttttOB ftOTQ Uictsltr-sVite and Nottingham

Canal Ml*.

A Petition of Christopher Clayton, George Tennyson, Scarthoe and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and inclosure Grounds, in the Parish of Scarthoe, in the County of ^eU('on-Griff, in the Lordship of Chilvers Coton, in the County Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Set-of iVaru'ick, and also certain Cuts or Branches from ting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, the said intended Canal: And that Mr, Pochin and certain Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Mr. Parkynsdo prepare, and bring in, the same. Grounds, wherein the different Properties lie inter-

mixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, eneral inconveniently situated, and it would be of Gtaziets, and Farmers, within the Counties of Leicester e eat Advantage to all Persons interested therein, if

the same were divided and inclosed in specific Parts, Shares, and Allotments: And therefore praying,

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for

4 A dividing and Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, You 48.

25° Februarii.

A. 1793.

Zernitz'sNat.

Petition,

dividing and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Lands, and Grounds, subject to such Orders and Regulations as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pochin and Sir John do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

A Petition of Frederic Cyriac , was pre-

sented to the Houser, and read; Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 34. To leave out the Clause beginning with "And" and ending in Pr. 7.

1. 13-

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for

Mr. Pochin and Mr. Henry Hobart do prepare, and taring in, the same.

Mutiny Bill Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported

reported. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

amending, and reducing into one Act of Parliament,

" the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England"

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Robert Claxton, of the City of Bristol, Mr.ciaxton Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; Set- Petltl0IU ting forth, That, by an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, it is enacted, That no Registry of any Ship or Vessel shall thenceforth be made, until the Owner or Ownera thereof shall have taken an Oath therein set forth, in Manner therein directed, containing, among others, the

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Words following, " That I, the said B. (and the said Bill. " other Owners, if any) am (or are) truly, and side.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be a Subject (or Subjects) of Great Britain, and that I, ingrossed. " the said A. B. have not (nor have any of the said

" Owners, to the best of my Knowledge or Belief) taken Considers- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House " an Oath of Allegiance to any Foreign State what* tion of Report to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, " soever, except under the Terms of some Capitulation initiqg'&c.1* to cons‘der of the Report which was made from the " (describing the Particulars thereof);" and that, by an the Produce Committee who were appointed to consider of a Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of

of Tolls im- Mode of limiting, regulating, and applying the Produce His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enforce,

posed by Na- of the Tolls to be imposed by all Bills now depending, " — 1 — ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- 1 a„*„ — "~-1 :-

deferred. ' S or shall hereafter be introduced into this House,

London Writ.

for making Navigable Canals, in such Manner as may best reconcile the Interests of the Undertakers with the Public Benefit, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament far the City of London, in the room of Brook Watson, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty's Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

and render more effectual, several Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the " Second, and other Acts made for the Increase and " Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation," reciting so much of the before-mentioned Act, of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, and of the Oath thereby required to be taken as is above recited, it is enacted, " That any Oath which shall have been, or may be taken, for the sole Purpose of " acquiring the Rights of a Citizen, or Burgher, in " any Foreign City or Town in Europe, to be eqjoyed " during the Time that the Person or Persons taking " such Oaths shall reside in such City or Town, and " for a limited Time after such Residence shall have " expired, shall not be deemed an Oath of Allegiance " to a Foreign State within the true Intent and " Meaning of the said Act;" and that the Petitioner

Bill to provide for the Families of Militia Men pasted.

the

is a Subject of Great , born of British Parents

at the Island of Saint Christophers, in The West Indies, An ingrossed Bill to provide for the Families of where be was brought up in the Mercantile Line, and

Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into one " Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called ,"

was read, the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for giving a Retrospect to the Provisions of this Act for making Allowances to the Wives and Children of Militia Men and Substitutes.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the

where, at the breaking out of the Troubles between this Country and America, and until the Year 17 S3,

the Petitioner carried on an extensive Business as a Merchant, and that the Petitioner's Commercial Affairs frequently obliging him to go backwards and forwards from Saint Christophers to the different Leeward and Windward West India Islands, the Petitioner, for the Purpose of protecting his Person and Property from Capture by the Americans, in or about the Year 1777, became a Burgher of the Island of Saint Eustatius, and upon that Occasion took an Oath of Allegiance to the Dutch Government, the same then being in Amity and Friendship with Great Britain, and afterwards, in or about the Year 1781, soon after foe

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Capture of the said Island of Eustatius, by. His Ma-made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder. jesty's Forces, the Petitioner, for the like Purpose of

Protection

s

33 Geo. III.

25° Februarii.

27 5

Protection to his Person and Property, against the the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences com-Powers then at War with Great Britain, became a mitted in The East Indies, and for other Purposes Burgher of the Danish Island of Saint Thomas, and therein mentioned; That the Committee had exa-took the Oath of Allegiance to the King of Denmark mined the Lists accordingly; and had directed him to and Norway, then being in Amity and Friendship report to the House the Name of every Member ~ ~ " whose Name appeared in Twenty or more of the said

Lists; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

The House was moved, That the Clause in the said

with Great Britain; and that the Petitioner, notwithstanding he took the Oaths of Allegiance to the Dutch, and afterwards to the Danish Government, as aforesaid, never resided or established himself in

Trade at either of the said Islands, but all along con- Act, directing that the Names of such Persons, who

tinued to be Domiciled, and to carry on his Business as a Merchant, at the Island of Saint Christophers aforesaid, until the Year 1783, when the Petitioner; with his Wife and Family, removed from the said Island of Saint Christophers, and settled at the City of Bristol aforesaid, where the Petitioner has ever since resided and been established, and carried on his Business of a Merchant, and hats become a Citizen of the

should appear to hold, of to have held, any of the Offices or Employments therein specified, should be struck out of the said Report by the Order of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Report was read; and is as followeth

viz.

Thomas Powys, Esquire, Richard Benyon, Esquire, said City; and that the Petitioner, without having Sir James Grant, Baronet, Charles Esquire, the

infringed or violated any existing Law of this Coun- Honourable John Eliot, Sir William Young, Baronet, tiy, to forfeit any of the Bights or Privileges of a Mark Pringle, Esquire, Isaac Hawkins Browne, Esquire,

British Subject, and without having acted contrary to the Honourable Horatio Walpole, James Watson, Es-his natural Allegiance as a British Subject, finds him- quire, the Honourable George Talbot Rice, Reginald, self incapacitated from becoming interested in any Pole Carew, Esquire, William Wilberforce, Esquire,

Vessel entitled to the Privileges of a British-bum Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, Thomas Wallace, Esquire,

Vessel, inasmuch as the Petitioner cannot take the William Pulteney, Esquire, Robert John Buxton, Esquire,

Oath directed by the before-mentioned Act of the Lord Viscount Esquire,

Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, and does the Right honourable William , Sir George

not come within any of the Exceptions made for Comewall, Baronet, James- Gordon, Esquire, the Hon-the Relief of Persons who had taken the Oath of Al- ourable Cropley Ashley, Lord Viscount Sir

legiance to Foreign States in Europe by the before- George A Hanson Winn, Baronet, Sir John mentioned Act of the . Twenty-seventh Year of His Baronet, the Honourable Robert Bankes Jenkinson, said Majesty: And therefore praying the House to John Gaily Knight, Esquire, Edmund Wig ley, Esquire, take his Case into Consideration, and to give the Pe- the Lord Mulgrave, William Baker, Esquire, Francis titioner such Relief as the House shall think proper. Gregor, Esquire, Lord Viscount Beauchamp, Matthew Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Montagu, Esquire, Francis Buller Yarde, Esquire, Consideration of a Committee: And that they do William Morton Pitt, Esquire, Sir George Beaumont, examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Baronet, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, James,

shall appear to them, to the House: Esquire, Charles Yorke, Esquire, Andrew Stuart, Es-

And it is referred to the Lord Sheffield, the Marquis quire, the Honourable Thomas Grenville. of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speakers Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, MilitiaE*ti-Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the matereport-and Records. Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for ed>

the Year 1793; That the Committee had prepared an Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to from the Committee, to whom it was referred to exa- report to the House; and he read the Report in his mine the several Lists which had been delivered in Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of an Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of eth; via.

Ris present Majesty, for the further Regulation of

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year 1795.

£. v. d.

Twenty-eight Days Pay to 20,000 Militia Men - - - - - - 1 28,784 — —

Clothing for D* - - - - .- - -I 30,840 —

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Serjeants I 18,781-

Clothing fort)* ----- ----- I 3,598-

365 Days Pay to 514 Drummers 4,690-

Clothing for D° ----- ----- --- \ 1,028-

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Corporals - - - - I 12,521-

If* - - D* to 66 Adjutants - - - \ 7,195-

Twenty-eight Days Pay to the several Officers - 8,700-

£- \ 116,137 —

VdL. 48.

Ordered,

276

25° Februarii.

A. 1795.

Indemnity Bill presented.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the but those Rents having been, from Time to Time, Table. otherwise applied, neither were the said Bridges, nor

any other Public Work, carried on upon the said Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- Northern Estates, nor in that Quarter of the Highlands ing to Order, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as where they lie, although their Rents were regularly have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and levied from the Public, and were intended by Parlia-Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, ment for general Improvements in those Parts, as well or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in as in other Quarters of; and that the late

their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, Grants of the forfeited Estates are charged with Pay-and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and ment into the Exchequer in Scotland of certain Sums,

subject to the future Disposition of Parliament; and, it being understood. to be the liberal Intention of Parliament to dispose of those Sums in useful and necessary Public improvements in ', the Bridges

above-mentioned are conceived to be primary Objects of that Description, as nearly serving to complete the only Part that now remains unfinished of a Line of Communication from one End of the Island to the other, and the Expence of building

to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit the aforesaid Bridges is computed at about 12,000/

Expiring Laws Committee appointed.

Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Rose, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating the Sum of 12,000l., of the unexhausted Balance, which is subject to the Disposition of Parliament, directed, by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to be paid into the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by the several Persons to whom the forfeited Estates in Scotland are granted, towards building Bridges over the Rivers Bewley, Canon, and Helmsdale, in North Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Bewley, Co-non, and Helmsdale

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for; His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to Account of give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Money issuer A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, an Account of all Sums of Money which have been ^1^^ neimsuaie ^or themselves and on Behalf of the other Land issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses liridgeslpeti- Owners and Inhabitants, of the County of Inverness, of this House, and which have not been made good Ross, Cromarty, Sutherland, Caithness, and the Orkney by Parliament.

Islands and Boroughs therein, being offered to be pre- Ordered, That the said Address be presented to sented to the House. His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majes-. of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, ty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Ma-

rion.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an A«ou"t» Account of the Monies which have been issued to or ere ' John Dailey, Gentleman, towards defraying the necessary Charges incurred in and about the Execution of f^ng an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign Charges in of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to au- inquiringmtt " thorize the Lord High Treasurer, or The Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint Two of the the Caslom5 " Commissioners of the Customs in England, and One " of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland,

" to enquire into the Annual Amount of the Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons employed in that Revenue," and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an To the Bom Account of the Monies which have been issued to of Laud Re the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State vemK-and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Of Sums Account of the Sums that will be wanting for the warning W Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. io$. per and Cotton, run partly through, and partly contiguous Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal onOidVr* to, Two of the most considerable of the late forfeited Sum unsatisfied after the Payments which became due Relief 10 Estates, now restored to the Heirs of the former Pro- on the 10th Day of October 1792, on the several Or- Americas prietors; and that, during the Time the said Estates ders made out pursuant to the Acts passed in the were in the Hands of the Public, the Commissioners Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present erfr* appointed for their Management entered, at different Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as Times, upon various Proceedings for building Bridges have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the on the said Rivers of Conon and Beaky, and paying late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence the Expences out of the Rents of the said Estates, of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment \

to

jesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the large and rapid Rivers, called Bewley, Cor, on, and Helmsdale, run across the Country

immediately to the Northward of Inverness, from the Mountains to the East Sea, and it is the singular Condition of those Three Rivers to be absolutely without a Bridge, from their Sources down to their respective Firths, from which uncommon Circumstance, the large and populous Northern District above mentioned is sometimes utterly inaccessible, and always reached through dangerous Fords and Ferries with great Inconveniency, and not unfrequently with the Loss of Lives; and that the Funds and Abilities of the said District have been totally exhausted by making long Tracts of good Roads, and constructing numerous Bridges, some on large, and others on smaller Streams, without the Assistance hitherto of any Public Aid to effect those laborious and expensive Undertakings in the Counties to the Northward of the said Rivers; and that Two of the stud Rivers, viz. Bewley

as.

‘toe,

nor

said

ands

lark-

rlia.

well

late

Pay.

unis,

mid,

Par.

% s

Ok.

oni-

)f a

tke

lin»

0

to/; i to 0 /, tie trie

ft

mi

h

in*

0

iifr,

the

to ,;r, toi-ise, een

33 Geo. III.

25° Februarii.

277

xxl

aa-

to

1C*^-

k jvi>

oe

u* r*

re

id I,-!

to^‘

*" 1 e* !

ot 1 1C tv

ie

J-al I-;

ie*-'

For sending Provisions, 4c. to New

iZ2

to t,he British Government, and for making Compen- Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for the sation to such Persons as have suffered in their Pro- Borough of otherwise in the County

perties in consequence of the Cession of the-Province of Dorset; for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the of East Florida to the King of Spain, and to such County of Lincoln; for the Borough of in the

Persons who furnished Provisions or other necessary County of Wilts; and, for the Borough and County of Articles to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become the Town of , might be read, due on the 5th April 1793, together with the Sum of And the said Orders being severally read accordingly, 6/. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in the same were, on the Question being severally put each Order, and also for Six Months Interest which thereupon, ordered to be discharged.

will become due on the toth Day of October 1793, That the Petition of William Bryant, Es-

after the same Rate of 3 /. 1.05. per Centum per Annum quire; and also, the Petition of Hans Wintrop on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together Esquire, severally complaining of sin undue Election and with 61.5 s.of the Principal Sum undischarged of each Return for the Borough of , otherwise,

Order respectively; in which Account the Amount of in the County of , be taken into Consideration

Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and upon the 7th Day of March next, at Three

the Totals of the same. of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable Wil-

Account of the Expence of sending Provisions, and Ham Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood, Esquire; and also,-

Swith Wales. suut^ry Articles, to the Settlement in New South Wales, the Petition of Christopher Clayton, the Reverend Wil-' and of the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Ex- harn Smel/e, and William Bell, Electors of Members to pences incurred on Account of the Convicts at that serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, Settlement, and which have not been made good by in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves and Parliament. many other Electors of the said Borough, severally

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an complaining of an undue Election and Return for the o« the Prose-Account of the Monies which have been issued in said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thurs-"ST* consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on day, the 7th Day of March next, at a Quarter of an "8 the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and Hour after Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, which have not been made good by Parliament.

Money paid Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an for maintain- Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Houses within the Borough of Cricklade, in the County

ingCoovicts £SqU}re f01. the Expence of confining,'maintaining, of Wilts, who by immemorial Custom and Usage have

and employing Convicts, on' the River Thames, and a Right to vote at all Elections for Members to serve in which have not been made good by Parliament. Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough,

Account of the Monies which have been issued to be taken into Consideration upon , the 12th

Portsmouth, James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining Day of March next, at Half an Hour after Two of the c' and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Clock in the Afternoon.

Harbours, See. and which have not been made good by Parliament.

For carrying

Ordered, That the Petition of Samuel , Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants possessing

on the Thames.

D* at Lang-stone and

Days appointed for considering Shaftesbury, Grimsby, Cricklade, and Poole, Elections, altered.

The House was moved, That the Fourth of the Reso»

Ordered, That the Petition of the Honourable Basil William Douglas, commonly called Lord Daer, one of the Candidates at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough and County of the Town

lutions which, upon Friday last, were reported from the of Poole, complaining of an undue Election and Return Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon to consider of an effectual Mode for obtaining a due Tuesday, the 12th Day of March next, at a Quarter of

Attendance of Members of this House on the Days appointed for taking into Consideration Petitions complaining of undue Elections, or lie turns of Members to serve in Parliament, or Petitions respecting the Rights of Election, and which Resolution was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

a n 7 'T'l_it__________1

an Hour before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the several Parties; with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Adjourned the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Considera-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred " Resolved, That the several Petitions complaining to consider of an effectual Mode for obtaining a due f„nrobtaining " of an undue Election and Return for the Borough Attendance of Members of this House on the Days adueAttendof Shaftesbury, now ordered to be taken into Con- appointed for taking into'Consideration Petitions com- ancaofMemsideration on Tuesday next, the 26th Instant, and plaining of undue Elections, or Returns of Members to l)ers resumed.

serve in Parliament, or Petitions respecting, the Rights of Election, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Fifth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That, on the above recited Days now appointed for the Consideration of the several Petitions above named, on Thursday, the 7th Day of March next, and on Tuesday, the 12th Day of March next, or on any other Day in this Session of Parliament, on which any of the above-named Petitions shall be ordered to be taken into Consideration, and the House " tion complaining of the Pontefract Election, now shall have proceeded to the Appointment of a Select " appointed for that Day." Committee for the Trial of any of the above-named

The House was also moved, That the several Orders, Petitions, and the Names of the Members shall be appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the drawn and called for that Purpose, Mr. Speaker shall several Petitions complaining of undue Elections and direct the Name of every Member so called, who shall Vol. 48, 4 B he

" also, the several Petitions complaining of an undue " Election and Return for the Borough of Great " Grimsby, now ordered to be taken into Consideration " on Thursday, the 28th Day of this Instant February, " should be taken into Consideration on Thursday, " the 7th Day of March next; and that the several " Petitions complaining of an undue Election and " Return for the Borough of Cricklade, now appointed " for Tuesday, the 5th Day of March next, and also, the " several Petitions complaining of an undue Election " and Return for the Borough of Poole, now appointed " for Thursday, the 7th Day of March next, should be " taken into Consideration on Tuesday, the 12th Day " of March next, before the Consideration of the Peti-

Days appointed for receiving Excuses.

American Trade Bill committed.

Committee on East India Company's Accounts,&c.

278 25° Februani. A. 1793.

be absent from the House, such Member not having been previously excused by the House, to be set aside; and that a List shall be made of the Names of such absent Members, to be reported by Mr. Speaker to the House on the next Sitting Day.

The Sixth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That, upon the Report of the List of the "Names of such absent Members, the Members, for whose Non-attendance, on the Appointment of any such Select Committee, a sufficient Excuse shall not be made, and allowed by the House, shall be forthwith ordered to be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and shall not be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

The Seventh Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House will require, that strict Proof shall be given of the Facts and Circumstances which shall be alledged as a Cause of, or as an Excuse for, the Non-attendance of any Member, on the Appointment of any such Select Committee, as is above described.

Resolved, That this House will, on Wednesday, and on Monday next, betw een the Hours of Four and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, receive and consider of the Excuses which may be offered to the House for the Non-attendance of any Member on the Appointment of any of the above-named Select Committees, or on the Call of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to continue the Laws, now in Force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far, as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Warwick Navigable Canal from or nearly from, a Place called and ^r*

The Said ford, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Bo- psee(j.

rough of Warwick, unto or near to, the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to terminate at, or near to, a certain Navigable.Canal in, or near to, the Town of Birmingham, called The Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and ley Canal Navigations, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing how the Canal should be carried through the Lands of Sir Thomas Gouch.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 38. To leave out " Commencement of " this Act" and insert " 5th Day " of April 1793, on which Day " this Act shall commence and " take Effect" instead thereof.

Pr. 26. 1. 3. After " to" to insert " the said."

1. 6. To leave out " in the County of " Warwick " and insert " aforesaid" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, a Place called The Saltisford, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Warwick, unto, or near to, the Parish of,

in the County of Warwick, and to terminate at, or near to, a certain Navigable Canal in, or near to, the Town of Birmingham, called The Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus. William turgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition from several Seamen of Newcastle and Petition Shields, desiring an Increase of their Pay, being offered Seamen to be presented to the House; andisiS*

And the said Petition having been stated to be for offered. Money relating to Public Service; and the same not being recommended from the Crown.

The said Petition was not received.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Accounts, Papers, and Reports, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, from the Directors of the East India Company;

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Estimates, which were presented to the House upon Wednesday last by Mr. Maddox (from the said Directors) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Clmir.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 5th Day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Accounts, Papers, and Reports.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according Boccius's to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Frederick Gottlieb Boc- Nat* ®il* cius: And the same w'as received; and read the First Time. preseu e Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ladbroke's Act for vesting certain Estates of Robert Ladbroke, Es- Estate. quire, in the Counties of Warwick and Northampton, in commi e ' Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Manors,

Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now* stand limited, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Thornton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Dunslcy Parcel of Waste Land, called DunsMoor, within the Moor In-Township of Neu.'holmcum Dunsley, in the Parish of closure Bl‘l Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of coinmlUe

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord

33 Geo. III.

25° Februarii.

27 9

Mxdgrave, Mr. Wilberforcec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bank Forge- Mr. Samuel Thornton presented to the House, accented'* *>re" cor<^nS *° Grder, a Bill for the better preventing For-en ' geries and Frauds in the Transfers of the several Funds transferrable at the Bank of England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bank Build- Mr. Samuel Thornton presented to the House, ac-sented.*1' *re* cording to Order, a Bill to enable the Governor and n Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Caithness A Petition of James Traill, Esquire, of Castlehill, Und Statute Benjamin Williamson, Esquire, of Alexander

Labour Ped- Henderson, Esquire, of Stemster, William Honyman, tion. Esquire, of StraQiy, James Horne, Esquire, of Wester

Wallin, and others, Landholders within the County of Caithness and Sutherland, was presented to the House,

and read; Setting forth, That the Mode hitherto authorized of making the High Roads, Bridges, and Communications, and of exacting the Statute Labour, and other Assessments for those Purposes, within the Sheriffdom or Counties of Caithness and Sutherland, have been found to be inadequate to the Purposes intend^ whereby they are deprived of the Advantages arising from good Roads and Bridges, and the Progress of Improvement in that remote Part of the Country is retarded; and that the Petitioners feeling these Disadvantages, and desirous of having the same removed, made the necessary Notifications, as directed by the Stauding Orders of the House, that they intended to apply in this Session of Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill or Bills, for making new Roads and Communications, and erecting Bridges in the said Sheriffdom or Counties, repairing the present Roads and Communications there, and for those Purposes converting the Statute Labour within the same, &c.: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, to the above Effect, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Sinclair, Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

St. George's Road Street and Paving' Jtc. Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Houses and Ground situate in a certain Place called Holland's leagure, and in that Part of the Upper Ground Street which ‘lies on the East Side of Saint George's, or the High Road leading from Blackfriar's Bridge to the Obelisk, in Saint George's ,. in the Parish of

Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by far the greater Part of the Houses and Buildings, situate in the said Part of the said Upper Ground Street, are in a ruinous State, and fit only to be pulled down, and the present Passage through the same is incommodious and dangerous; and that it would be of great public Utility if a new and commodious Street was formed from Saint George's Road, aforesaid, through the said Place called Holland's Leagure, into and across Vol. 48.

a certain other Place called The -Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish of Christchurch, and the same properly paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated, and that, when such New Street is made, the Passage through the said Part of the said Upper Ground Street will become useless; and that, as the said Part of the said Upper Ground Street lies on or near the Bank of the River Thames, it will tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Persons who are Owners of Houses, Wharfs, and Estates there, and would be of no Inconvenience to the Public, if that Part of the said Upper Ground Street was shut up, and the Passage through the same discontinued, and the Ground thereof laid into the said Wharfs and*

Estates, as soon as the said New Street shall have been laid out and completed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Sinclair, Lord William Russell, 8cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen and Farmers, being Petition from Owners and Occupiers of Land in the Counties of Staffordshire Stafford and Salop, the Grain of which is generally sold respecting at Wolverhampton and its surrounding Manufactories, Canal Bills. was presented to the House, and read: Setting forth,

That the Scarcity of Workmen, and their consequent increased Wages during the last Harvest, was beyond all example, and attended with very considerable Loss to the Farmer, and to the Public, and to many of the Petitioners in particular, and if not obviated by some effectual Means may lead to Consequences of a very serious Nature; and that the Petitioners conceive the Scarcity of Workmen to have been materially owing to the Number of Canals making in various Parts of tire Kingdom, and that the Inconvenience arising from that Cause is likely to be very much increased by the additional Canals since projected: And therefore praying the House to take into Consideration the Propriety of inserting a Clause in the Bills for such Canals as are now pending, or may hereafter be brought before the House, to suspend the Workmen being employed therein during Two Harvest Months in every Year until such Canals be completed, or that the House Mould apply such other Remedy to the Evil complained of by the Petitioners as to the1 House may seem most fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the Oxford Poor City of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Assurance Setting forth, That the Poor within the incorporated Pet‘t‘on' Parishes of the said City are numerous, and the Taxes for their Relief and Maintenance very burthensome to the Inhabitants thereof; and that a considerable Sum is Annually paid by the said Inhabitants for Assurances from Loss or Damage by Fire to Buildings,

Stock in Trade, Household Goods, and other Property, and, upon Calculation, it has been found great Profit is derived therefrom to the Persons and Offices making such Assurances; and that if Power was given for Assurances to be made upon the Credit of Rates to be levied on the said Inhabitants, and for the Emoluments arising therefrom, to be applied in diminishing the Poors Taxes, the Poor would be less burthensome,

and

25° — 26° Februarii.

A. 1793.

Oxford Poor

Insurance

Petition.

and the 6ame would be advantageous to the said Inhabitants: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for empowering Assurances from Loss or Damage by Fire to Buildings, Stock in Trade, Household Goods, and other Property, to be made upon the Credit of Rates to be levied on the said Inhabitants, and for the Benefit and Advantage arising therefrom, to be applied towards the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor within the said incorporated Parishes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burton, the Marquis of Bland ford, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, paying to the Relief of the Poor within the City of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That it would tend to the Benefit of the Poor within the United Parishes in the said City, as well-as

the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 26* die Februarii;

Anpo 33° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1793.

Praters.

Emanuel MULLER and John Rapp took the Muller and Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturaliza- Happ sworn.

tion.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of Houses that have been as- Housetasses-sessed to the Window Tax in England and Wales, since »*d to the to the Ease and Security of the Inhabitants there, and the 5th Day of January 1760, distinguishing the Num- " mdowTtx

t

C01

ass

rf

' 1 Jus

a

A

it's

0

1

at1

if

.1

in the Parts adjacent, if an Office was to be established in the said City for insuring Property from Damage by Fire, the Profits whereof were to be applied towards the Relief of the Poor within the said Parishes: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing an Office in the City of Oxford, for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Property, from Loss or Damage by Fire, and for applying the Profits to arise therefrom towards the Relief of the Poor of the United Parishes, in the said City, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

ber assessed in each County and in each Year.

ordered.

tings.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of Mr House, do go, with the MaCe, into the Lobby and ina 0 r‘ Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

Consideration of the Comn.it.eeto whom the las, pre- H-J do go into

ceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Shipton and

bers of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, artd summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who

sen ted.

of;f3SVS5?JS ?frLfout- *h,t he "ke ,hem

na 1 pie £angl} from and out of, the Oxford Canal Navigation, 1S a j* it

within the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Oxford, *iid *?e went fcco^ngly. to join and communicate with the River Thames^ at or n inff re urn e near Islezeorth, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Sevennight, the 8th Day of March next.

Speenhara-land and Marlborough Road Bill presented.

Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the

repairing ttie manways irom opeennamtana, in the u,

County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the ciunty of accordingly

And being returned; he reported, that there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into West-

several other Roads therein mentioned same was received; and read the First

Wilts, and And the Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

an

£l

h

Supply deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the mi lui pumaum^ lviuuuy auu i/cncmun,

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted and for the better Payment of the Army and their to His Majesty. Quarters.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of T>:n *- *-- T - — J '

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

s A Petition

of.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Deser- Mutiny Bill tion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their passed. Quarters, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion,

and lis I 1 Petitions in

row few of Gloucester sod Berkeley Pill Canal

Pill

33 Geo. III.

26° Februaru.

£81

a-

"".te is- fife.

ce

n. " e

jT:i

1 Es:

)!:

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Common Council, of the City of Gloucester, in Council

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick And also,

A Petition of the Mayor of the City of Hereford, and of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, Barge Owners, and . other Persons, interested in the Navigation of the River Secern, resident in the said City: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, in Common Hall assembled, whose Seal is thereunto affixed, and of several Burgesses and other Inhabitants, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of in the County of

Salop: And also,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, Barge Owners, and other Persons interested in the Navigation of the River Severn, from the City of Gloucester-to the Town of Shrewsbury: And

also, .

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, Recorder, Chamberlain, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other principal Inhabitants of the City of Litchfield, in the County of the same City: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester: And also,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham Canal: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, Traders, and other Inhabitants of Newcastle in the County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers, Merchants, and Traders, in the Potteries in Staffordshire: And also,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Hereford and Gloucester Canal: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants, of the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, in Common Council assembled: And also,

A Petition of -the Inhabitants of the City of Coventry;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Secern, at or near the City of Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley, in the county of ; and

hoping that the House will give its Sanction to a Measure, which, the Petitioners conceive, will evidently appear to be fraught with great Public Good.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

Pedtin A Petition of the Merchants, Shipholders, Traders, from Brutal Manufacturers, Owners of Property within, and Inha-ProcMding* Chants of, the City of Bristol, Subscribers thereto, was <»Do.BilL presented to the llouse, and read,* Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are exceedingly apprehensive, should the said Bill pass into a Law, it will prove essentially injurious to their Interests, and to the Welfare of the City of Bristol; and that, from the Result of the Enquiries made by some of the Petitioners, they were led to believe that it was not proposed to introduce such Bill into Parliament in the present Session, and that, therefore, they are un-Voi.48.

prepared fully to state the Objections thereto, and have been prevented from taking those Measures, and from gaining that previous Information which the Importance of the Subject, as it is likely to affect them, renders necessary: And therefore praying, That all further Proceedings on the said Bill may be postponed, to give that Time to the Petitioners, and all others likely to be injured thereby, to gain Information, and take those Measures for stating their Objections to the House which the Magnitude of the Object demands, that they may be heard, by their Counsel, and that they may have such further Relief as to the House shall seem expedient.

Then the Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; via.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question, to add the Words, " upon Thursday Spvennight."

And the Question being put, That the' Word stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

"now"

| 84-

Tellers for the Noes,

8.

fMr. Webb,

[Captain Berkeley: fThe Lord Sheffield, j [Mr. Serjeant Watson: j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Gloucester Time. and Bei*eley

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Webb, Bilicom^ Captain Berkeley, &c.: And they are to meet this mitted. Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Honywood, from the Select Committee who Clifton Dart-

were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the j^^Ei^iou Petition of John Seale, Esquire, complaining of an determined, undue Election and Return for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, informed the House,

That it appeared to the said Select Committee,

That the Merits of the Petition did, in Part, depend upon the Right of Election; and that, thereupon, the said Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver to the Clerk of the said Committee Statements, in Writing, of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended.

That, in consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said Petitioner, John Seale, Esquire, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

"The Counsel for the Petitioner state, That the " Right of Election for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, is in the " Inhabitants of the said Borough, of which Borough " the Township or District, called Southiown, forms a " Part."

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the Right honourable John Charles Villiers, and Edmund Bastard, Esquire, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The Counsel for the Sitting Members state, That " the Right of Election for the Borough of " Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, is in the Freemen of the said Borough."

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said Petitioner, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness.

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Committee have determined,

4 C That

26° Februarii.

A. 1793.

The Lords have agreed to

Land Tax Bill.

Malt Bill.

The Lords have passed

Stewarts Divorce Bill,

The Lords will proceed Tomorrow on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is tire Right of Election for the said Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness.

That the said Select Committee have also determined,

That Edmund Bastard, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That tire Right honourable John Charles Villiers, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said John Seale, Esquire, so far as respects the said E Bastard, Esquire, did appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous and vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said John Seale, Esquire, so far as respects the said Right honourable John Charles Villiers, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Edmund Bastard, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious*:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Right honourable John Charles Villiers, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to foe Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Alexander Stewart, Esquire, with Elizabeth Leigh, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and forother Purposes therein mentioned; to which foe Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in foe Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Western, Sir John Sinclair, Mr.

Praed, Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Gregor, Mr.

Jenkinson, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Dudley North, foe.

Lord Sheffield, Mr. Sargent, the Ixird the

Earl of Mornington, Mr. Hussey; and all foe Gentle-

men of the Long Robe, and Merchants in foe House; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, York, Lincoln, Norfolk,

Suffolk, Essex, Kent, Sussex, Hants, Dorset, Devon,

Cornwall, Somerset, Glamorgan, Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan, Merioneth, Carnarvon, Anglesea, Flint,

Denbigh, Chester, Lancaster, Westmoreland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of foe Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Motion was made, and foe Question being pro- Motion posed, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, put off for Six to consider of foe Circumstances of the African Slave Months. Trade;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Thursday Morning next," and inserting the Words "this Day Six " Months," instead thereof;

And the Question being put, That the Words " Thursday Morning next," stand Part of foe Question;

The House divided.

the New

foundland

Trade.

The Yeas went forth. Tellers for foe Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

{Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Matthew Montagu: (The Lord Shes-

U*

53-

6i.

this Committee Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire appointed to into the State of the Trade to Newfoundland', and to the New"10 reP°rt foe same, as it shall appear to them, to foe House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. RydMr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Eduard James Eliot, Mr. Bastard, Mr. Grey, Major Maitland, Mr. Lester, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Alderman Curtis, Sir William Young, Mr.

Mr. Wallace, Mr. John Smyth, Mr. Bernard, Mr. Edmund Bastard, Mr. Wilmot, Mr. Peel, Mr. Bankes,

Tarleton

So it passed in foe Negative.

And foe Question being put, That the Words " Day Six Months," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main- Question, so amended, being proposed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and foe Question was proposed, That the Debate be adjourned till Thursday Sevennight;

And the said Motion for adjourning the Debate, was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Six Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of foe Circumstances of foe African Slave Trade.

Ordered, That foe Committee who were appointed to Commute* consider of Means for expediting the Trial of the Im- £®nsi(J<i.er peach men t now depending against Warren Hastings, Mr^Haeu"* Esquire, be revived. ings's Trial

revived.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom petition to foe Petition of Edmund Estcourt, Edward Kendall, and alter the Line Alexander Raby, Esquires, being Proprietors of the of the Breck-Monmouthshire Canal Navigation, on behalf of them- p^nkt*nl#j selves and the rest of the said Proprietors, was referred; Canal re-That the Committee had examined foe Matter of foe ported, said Petition, and had directed him to report foe same, as it appeared to them, to foe House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Edward Kendall being examined, said, That since the depositing the Plans and Books of Reference for foe Brecknock Canal with foe Clerks of foe Peace, the Proprietors of the Monmouthshire Canal have requested 8 foe

33 Geo. III.

Basingstoke Canal Bill committed.

Royal Exchange Assurance Companies Bill passed.

26° Februarii.

283

the Line to be varied, so as to carry the same upon a Level from Pontamoil, in the County of Monmouth, to

Corn Croxonon, in the County of Brecknock.

And your Committee find, That all the Owners of the Lands into which such Variation will extend have given their Consent thereto, except One Person, and the Canal will not pass for quite Three Quarters of a Mile through his Lands, and the whole Length of the Deviation is Twenty-two Miles, and that Person has become a Subscriber to the Undertaking; and that the

A Bill for naturalizing Emanuel Muller and John Muller's and Rapp, was read a Second Time. Rapp's Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Bi‘1 coromit* Hobart, Sir John Call, See.: And they are to meet this te ' Afternoon, at Five of the dock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do make the Re- Bawtry and port from the Committee, to whom the Bill to con- Twiford

----- ----- ----- ----- -- ----- ----- ----- 0, ----- ----- --- tinue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Bfid8e Ko*1

varied Line will be equally convenient to the Public, an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His 45111 reP°rt#<1, and will not go through any other Parishes than those present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road comprized in the Notices of the Application for the from Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham present Bill, and that such varied Line will not deviate Common, in the County of 'Nottingham, and from Little more than Three Quarters of a Mile, and in general Drayton to Twiford Bridge, in the said County, was not more than Four hundred Yards, from the Line laid committed.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which

down and described in the said Plans and Books of Reference; and that although the making such Variation will be attended with some additional Expence to the Subscribers, they are willing the same should be made upon certain Terms which have been agreed between

them and the Company of Proprietors of the Monmouth- they had directed to be reported to the House; and he shire Canal. — Then, read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

Mr. 'Thomas Dadford, an Engineer, being examined, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: said, That he has surveyed the proposed Line of De- Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; viation of the Brecknock Canal, from a Place called and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Pontamoil, in the County of Monmouth, to Octroi Crow-rum, in the County of Brecknock, and that the same is practicable to be carried on a Level, and will be fully as advantageous to the Public as the intended Original proposed Line of Canal.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Corn-

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, that the several Persons, Order for re-mittee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining who petitioned this House, upon the ad Day of ferringSpald-

a Navigable Canal from the Town of Brecknock, to the last, for Leave to bring in a Bill for embanking and £8'jaac'ean(j Monmouthshire Canal, near the Town of Ponty Pool, in draining the unembanked Salt Marshes in the several i„XsureFV-the County of Monmouth, and for making and main- Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, JVhapload, and Holbeach, thion dis-taining Railways and Stone Roads from such Canal to or some or One of them, and for dividing and inclosing charged, and several Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of the Commonable Salt Marshes, Droves, Commons, Bill ordared. Brecknock and Monmouth, is committed, That the)' and Waste Lands, within the Parish of,

have Power to make Provision in the said Bill forvarying in the County of Lincoln, desired to proceed only upon the Line of the said Canal, so as to carry the same upon so much of their said Petition as relates to dividing a Level from Pontamoil, in the County of Monmouth, and inclosing the Commonable Salt Marshes, Droves,

to Cam Cronmon, in the County of Brecknock.

A Bill for effectually carrying into execution an Act of Parliament, of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River fVey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and to the

Commons, and Waste Lands, within the said Parish of Moulton',

Ordered, That the Order, for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Salt Marshes, Droves, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish

South East Side of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of of Moulton, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr.

Turgirs, in the said County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Chute, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Henry Hobart and Sir John Thorold do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Additional to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Petition to the Canal Navigation from Manchester, to or near the Mancbes-An ingrossed Bill to enable the Royal Exchange Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, in the County Pala- Xder Lyne,

Assurance Companies, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon or for Lives, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Companies, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon or for Lives.

tine of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee and Oldham had examined, and found that the said Petition is not Canal Bill within the Standing Orders of the House relative to reP°rt#d* Navigation Bills, it not being intended to raise any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report

ViHotton'> Nit. Bill committed.

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John James Vallotton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal Hobart, Mr. Sloane, See.: And they are to meet this from Manchester, to or near Ashton under Lyne, Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was Chamber. read; And,

Vo l. 48. Mr.

in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of

Butcher's Name Bill committed.

Cockerton and Stain-drop Road Petition rt ported.

284 26° Februarii. 1793.

Mr. George Worthington being examined, said, That the Company of Proprietors of the said Navigation have begun to carry the said Act into execution, and have laid out and expended very considerable Sums of Money, in the Purchase of Land for the said Canal, and in cutting and making the same, and the Works belonging thereto. — That in proceeding to carry the said Act into execution, the Powers thereof are found to be inadequate for the Purposes thereby intended; and that for the more effectually carrying the same into execution, it will be necessary to alter and amend the said Act.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, to extend the said Canal from a Place called Clayton Demesne, in the Township of Droylsden, in the Parish of Manchester, aforesaid, to a Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the Sign of the Three Boars Heads, and from, or nearly from, a Place called Taylor's Barn, in the Township of Beddish, to Denton, at a Place called Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading between Stockport and Ashton under Lyne, and also from the intended Aqueduct Bridge at or near a Place called Waterhouses, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to Hollinwood, in the Township of Oldham aforesaid, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Butcher, Esquire, and his Issue, to use the Surname and Arms of pursuant to the

Will of Henry Rodbard, Esquire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Bastard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders,

and Inhabitants of the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Bowes being examined, said, That the Road leading from the South End of Cockerton Bridge, in the County of Durham, to Staindrop, in the said County, through the several Parishes mentioned in the Petition, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and dangerous for Horses and Carriages passing along the same; and that it would be of great Utility and Advantage to the Public, and would facilitate and improve the Communication between many Towns and Places, in the said County of Durham, if the said Road was properly repaired, altered, amended, and necessary and convenient Bridges, Mounts, and Batteries, were erected and built upon the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the High Road leading from Cockerton Bridge, near Darlington, in the County of Durham, to

Staindrop, in the said County: And that Mr. Burdon and Mr. Brandling do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom Chelmsford the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Navigation thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and Pet'^?n r*' others, Owners and Occupiers'of Estates in the County port of Essex, and Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the Town of Chelmsford, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with.; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, said, That it appears, by Surveys lately taken, that a Navigable Communication for the Passage of Boats and other Vessels, may be made from the Town of Chelmsford, to a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, near the Town of in the said

County, by Means of improving the Rivers Chelmer and Cann, and making several Navigable Cuts from and by the said Rivers, and by improving the Navigation of the River Blackrvater, and making Cuts and Deviations by the Sides thereof.

Richard Baker, Esquire, being examined, said, That the making such Navigation will be attended with great Advantages, not only to the Towns of Chelmsford and Maldon, and the Neighbourhood thereof, but to a great Number of other Towns and Places in the said County.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from or nearly from, the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Colliers Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the said County: And that Mr.

Bramston and Mr. Bullock do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are there- Petition for unto subscribed, being Freeholders of the County of hghtingIn" Inverness, or Burgesses of the Borough of Inverness, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That the Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House, for making and repairing Highways and Bridges, within the said County; and that it would be a great Advantage to the Town of Inverness, and to all Persons resorting to, or passing through, the same, if Provision were made in the said Bill for better lighting the Streets of the said Town, and for raising such a Sum of Money, by Assessment on the Inhabitants thereof, as shall be requisite for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Freeholders and Owners of Land, in the County of Inverness, is referred; and that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise Ipswich Pav* improving, the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, in8 B*j'com* and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Ob- miMe' structions, and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pigny, Sir John Rous, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition from A Petition of the thereunder signed Merchants, CriDsburgh Owners and Occupiers of Wharfs, and Proprietors of Bnunston Ships, Ship Builders, and other Traders and Inhabi-and Brent- tants, in the Town of Gainsburgh, in the County of fed Canal Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; set-BiH- ting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that a Bill is depending in the House, for making a Navigable Canal from Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, which Canal, by Means of Collateral Cuts, is intended to form a Junction with several other Canals, and thereby open an Intercourse, by Water Carriage, between the Port of London and the Ports and principal Places in the Northern, Western, and Eastern Parts of the Kingdom; and that from Time immemorial, the Inhabitants of this Island have interchanged all Manner of bulky and heavy Commodities by a Coast Navigation, that a large Capital has been, and now remains, embarked in the Shipping, and the building, maintaining, and fitting of Vessels suitable to the various Branches of the said Navigation, and the Petitioners, for the Convenience of that Trade, have erected and maintained large and commodious Wharfs and Warehouses at a very great Expence, and are apprehensive of much Injury to their Properties from the Decay of the Coasting Trade, which must inevitably happen in case the Bill for making the said Canal should pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That such Bill may not pass inte a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also for' making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, is committed.

petition in A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

tamirof Leominster Canal, was presented to the House, and

Gloucester rea(j. Taking Notice of the Bill for making and main-MC&mu a Navigable Canal from the River Secern, at,

Bill, or near the City of Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish, of Berkeley, in the County of Gloucester; and hoping that the House will give its Sanction to a Measure, which, the Petitioners conceive, will evidently appear to be fraught with great

Public Good.

Februarii,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Ings, Marshes, and Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Lordship of Barton-upon-Humber, in the County of

Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Howard, '8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. *

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, Thpt this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to The United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 27* die Februarii;

Anno 33* Georgii III‘U Regis, 1793. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Planta, from the Trustees of the British Museum, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, "Abstract of the Accounts of " the British Museum, for the Years 1789 and 1790 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Abstract of the Accounts of " the British Museum, for the Years 1791 and 1792:" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Estimate for the Accounts of " the British Museum, for the Year 1793."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Papers are as followeth;

Yoi. 48.

4D

STATE

Rarton-upon Humber Inclosure Bill committed.

American Trade Bill deferred.

Accounts of British Museum presented.

2?

s §-

r

D*.

STATE OF THE ACCOUNTS OF THE BRITISH MUSEUM, 1789.

Cr.

To Salaries and Wages for Expenditure of 1789 Board Wages - -

Firing ——

Candles ——

Rent and Taxes -

Repairs ——

Bookbinding ——

Stationary ——

Garden Expences -

Incidents ——

Duplicates ——

Balance of Cash remaining,

In hands of A. New land of Dr. Morton

To Salaries and Wages Board W ages -Firing -Candles Rent and Taxes Repairs -Bookbinding -Stationary Garden Expences Incidents Duplicates

Balance of Cash remaining,

In bands of A. Newland of Dr. Morton

ST AT E of Accounts,

1790.

935 15 4

101 8 —

99 5 6

13 3 —

219 6 2

666 3 —

154 2 9

29 2 3

106 12 8

67 14 6

£2,462 13 2

- £ 259 6 6 34 18 4

294 4 10

£2,756 18

£908 16 8 ioi 8 — 105 16 6

17 6 8

373 6 2

" 3 6

: ?5.2 9

n 13 9

70 -

99 M io

33 1 6

‘ £495 15 1 82 3 8

By Cash remaining of 1788,

In Mr. Newiand's hands Due to Dr. Morton

A Year's Interest on £30,000, 3 per Cent Bank Ann. The King's Librarian's Salary, 5 Quarters Interest and Produce of East India Bonds

£374

18

2

3

8

6

£1,818 — 4

£355 19 *

goo ——

311 8 6 1,129 3 4

The Grant of 1789, produced Paid for 26 East India Bonds

- £2,841 17 —

- 2,781 10 —

60 7-

£2,756

By Cash remaining of 1789,

In Mr. Newland s hands In Dr. Morton's

A Year's Interest on £ 30,000, 3 per Cents.

The King's Librarian's Salary -

Interest and Produce of East India Bonds

- £259 6 6 34 18 4

£294 4 10

goo -

249 2. —

952 12 3

577' 18 9

£2,395- 19 1

fcO

£2,395 19 1

5

c

6

<Rr*

R

<0

(1 -

I!

1 t T S'* T'.T T IN. .

sS.

O

oo

3

D\

STATE OF THE ACCOUNTS OF THE BRITISH MUSEUM, 1791.

To Salaries and Wages for Expenditure of 1791 Board Wages -

Firing ——

Rent and Taxes -

Repairs ——

.Bookbinding ——

nces -Incidents Duplicates Candles

Stationary Garden Expe

943 9 — lot 8 — 106 13 — 282 3 3

235 10 6

40 11 — 19 13 —

By Cash remaining of 1790,

In hands of A. Newland of Dr. Morton

A Year's Interest on £. 30,000, Bank Annuities

70----

93 1 9

60 5 6 1768

The King's Librarian's Salary, 4 Quarters Interest and Produce of East India Bonds

Balance of Cash remaining,

In hands of A. Newland of Dr. Morton

£ 1,970 1 8

- £-136 410 27 2 6 ----- ----- ----- - 163 7 4

£*,*33 9r —

Cr.

- £ 495 15 i

82 3 8 ----- ----- ----£577 18 9

900 ——

249 2 —

406 8 3

£2,133 9 —

o

o

OQ

o

STATE of Accounts, 1792.

To Salaries and Wages -

Board Wages ——

Firing ——

Rent and Taxes ——

Repairs ——

Bookbinding ——

Stationary -

Garden Expences ——

Incidents ——

Candles ——

- £ 943 *5 8 108 12 — 110 2 — 226 1 2

304 4 — 31 — 6

30 13 —

70----

107 1 2

17 6 8

£. 1,948 16 2

Balance of Cash remaining,

In hands of A. Newland - - - £209 11 . 9

Due to Dr. Morton - - - 41188

----- ----- ----- 167 13 1

£2,116 9 3

By Cash remaining of 1791,

In hands of A. Newland -of Dr. Morton -

A Year's Interest on £ 30,000, Bank Annuities The King's Librarian's Salary -Interest and Produce of East India Bonds

- £136 4 10 27 2 6 ----- ----- £163 7 4

900 ——

- 249 2 —

- 803 19 11

£2,116 9 3

2? A S' 1 *

A

to >

33 Geo. III. 27

D'.

Expenditure of 1789-of1790 of 1791 of 1792

Repairs of 1792 unpaid Repairs of 1793

n

s

3

ESTIMATE OF ACCOUNTS OF THE BRITISH MUSEUM FOR 1793.

Cr.

C 2,462 13- 2

l,8l8 — 4

1,9/0 1 8

1,948 16 2

£ 8,199 11 4 a Fourth is £. 2,049 17 10

- 227 8 10

- - - 666 3 —

2,943 9 8

By Cash remaining of 1792 »

Fourteen East India Bonds unsold The King's Librarian's Salary A Year's Interest on £. 30,000, 3 per Cents. -Three Months Interest on 14 East India Bonds Deficiency - -

£ 167 13 1 1,400 ——

249 2 —

900 ——

14 ——

212 14 7

£. 2,943 9 8

*0

3

c

Richard Miles> Accountant, 25th February 1793.

o

CQ'

N

CD

CL

33 Geo. . III. 27° Februarii. Q89

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upoo the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Petition for A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in iddiuooil Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of 10 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An R<*ds Bill. " Act for more effectually repairing several Roads

J " leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford,

I w and the Road leading through the Parish of Bromes-

I " berrrn, in the County of Gloucester, and Corse Lawn,

i " till it joins the Road from Gloucester to Worcester,"

and of several of the Trustees, for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more " effectually repairing several Roads leading from the " Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hereford, and " other Roads adjoining thereto," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Doubts having been conceived whether the Powers of the said Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, extend to a certain Piece of the Road leading from the Town of Bromyard to the Town of Ledbury, which lies in the Parish of , in the said

County of Hereford, of the Distance of Two Miles, and Three Hundred and Fifty-two Yards, or thereabouts, the said Road has not been repaired by the Trustees appointed under the said Act, is at present in a very ruinous Condition, and the Communication between the Towns of Bromyard and Ledbury is thereby much interrupted; and that the Petitioners observe, that Application has been made to the House for a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and are desirous that Provision should be i made in the said Bill for empowering them, the said Trustees, to pay from Time to Time, such Sums of Money from their respective Funds as they shall think necessary or expedient, for thq Purpose of, or in Aid of, repairing and amending the said Piece of Road without Prejudice to the Question of Right, and under such Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the above Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-

amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Martin, &c.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine I of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

>rby jod Ordered, That Mr. Smith for Leicester do make the Wlo» Report from the Committee, to w hom the Petition of ^Pelj\ the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, Freeholders, and ,e,lor e ' other Inhabitants of the Counties of Derby, Nottingham, Leicester, and Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was-referred.

Mr. Smith for Leicester accordingly reported from I the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, l relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with;

' and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz. t To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Varley being examined, said, That if a Canal was made from the Town of Derby, to the Trent and Mersey Canal, at or near Shardlow, in the County of Derby, and from the said Canal, at or near Shardlow aforesaid, to the Nottingham Canal at Lenton, near the Town of Nottingham, the same would facilitate the Conveyance of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and be of great You 48.

Advantage to Trade and Commerce, and the Public in

feneral — And he added, that he has surveyed the said tine of Canal, and that the making the same is practicable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Town of Derby, to the Trent and Mersey Canal, at or near Shardlow, in the County of Derby, and from the said Canal to the Nottingham Canal, near to the Town of Nottingham: And that Mr. Smith for Leicester, and Mr. Robert Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, to whom Horsham Na-the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are vjgauoo Peti-thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of t,on rePolt* Estates, Merchants, Traders, and others in the County of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that tho Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, said, That by Surveys taken by him, it appears that a Navigable Communication, for the Passage of Vessels of heavy Burthen, between New Bridge, in the Parishes of Pulborough and Wisborough Green, in the County of Sussex, and Farthing Bridge, near the Town of Horsham, in the said County, may be made by Means of widening, deepening, and cleansing the River Arun, and making necessary Cuts and Deviations by the Sides thereof — And he further said, that the making the said Navigable Communication will be the Means of increasing the Trade of the said County of Sussex in general, and of the Town of Horsham in particular, and will also be of great Public Benefit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and extending the Navigation of the River Arun, from New Bridge, in the Parishes of Pulborough and Wisborough Green, in the County of Sussex, to Farthing Bridge, near the Town of Horsham, in the said County: And that Mr. Sargent, Mr. and

Sir Harry Goring, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Stewart's to dissolve the Marriage of Alexander St Esquire, Divorce Hill with Elizabeth Leigh, his now Wife, and to enable him read-.to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Earl Ludlow reported from the Committee, Godman-to w hom the Petition of the several Persons, w hose rhester Road Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for Pet t‘jm re* putting in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from God- manchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through stanton and Cambridge, to the first Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

4 E To

27° Februarii.

A. 1793.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr! IVMiam Clark, and Mr. Joseph Harris, being examined, said, That in executing the said Aets, the Trustees have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and

leading' between Stockport and Ashton under Lyne, and also from the intended Aqueduct Bridge, at or near a Place called Waterhouses, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to 'Hollinwood, in the Township of Oldham aforesaid, is committed1; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said

cannot be repaid, nor the said Road properly amended Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Terms of Two several Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Godmanchesler, in the

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, -that they do admit Counsel to be'beard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart be added to the Member County of Huntingdon, through Fenstanton and Cam- Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring Jrin in°Lib bridge, to the first Rubbing House on Newmarket in, a Bril to explain and amend an Act, made in the tlehampton

Heath, in the County of Cambridge; And that the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Harbour Bill.

Earl Ludlow and Mr. Lancelot Brown do prepare, and George the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting

bring in, the same. " Piers in, and for repairing, and keeping in Repair,

" the Harbour of called Arundel Port,

A Petition of several Subscribers for making a Ca- " in the County of Sussex, and for empowering the mu tocxiena na^ ^rom Sowerby Bridge, to join the Duke of Bridge- Commissioners acting under the said Act to improve the

SeMaaches- water's.Canal at or near Manchester, commonly called Navigation of the River A run, from the stud Harbour, ter, Ashton The Rochdale Canal, was presented to the House, and to the Town of Arundel, in the said County, read; Setting forth, That a Bill has been brought

Petition against the Bill to extend

under Lyne, and Oldham Canal.

into the House by, or on the Behalf of, the Petitioners and others, for the Purpose of enabling them to make the said Canal, and is now depending before a Committee of this House; and that the Petitioners find that a Bill is depending in the House for enabling the Company of ‘Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester, to, or near, Ashton under Lyne and Oldham,

seated.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House; accord- LitUebsm* ing to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, ton Harbout made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Bl11 pre‘ jesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for erecting Piers in, and for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Littlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Sussex; " and for em-

to extend the said Canal from a Place called Clayton powering the Commissioners acting under the Said Act Demesne, in the Township of Droylsden, in the Parish to improve the Navigation of the River Arun, from of Manchester aforesaid, to a Place in the Turnpike the said Harbour, to the Town of Arundel, in the said Road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchester County: And the same was received; and read the and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the First Time.

Sign of the Three Boars Heads, and from, or nearly from, a Place called Taylor's Barn, in the Township of Reddish, to Denton, at a Place called Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike Road, leading between Stockport and Ashton under Lyne, and also from the intended Aqueduct Bridge, at or near a Place called Water-houses, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to Hollinwood, in the Township of Oldham aforesaid; and that the making of the said intended Canal, from Sowerby Bridge to Manchester, will be of great public Utility, but, if the said proposed Extension from the Bridge near Waterhouses to should be made,

the Petitioners may be deprived of the Benefit of the Water of certain Collieries near Hollinwood, which, by virtue of an express Agreement between the Petitioners Agents and the Agents for the said Company of Proprietors of the said Manchester, Ashton under Lyne, and Oldham Canal, ought to be preserved for the Petitioners, and allowed to flow to the Use of the said intended Rochdale Canal, and not to the Use of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1

The Orders of the Day being read, for taking into Con«iJ«rati ' further Consideration the Report which was made °n of Repo from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and °n ^lce5te i; maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Leicester, uiii^Act" to communicate with the River Nen, in or near the deferred. 2 Town of Northampton, and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation, was committed; and also, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands lying in or near to the Line of a proposed Navigation, from the Town of Leicester, to communicate with the River Nen, in or near the Town of Northampton, was referred;

Ordered, That the said Reports be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

C

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of Mr the said intended Extension: And therefore praying, House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Ha*ting». That they maybe heard, by themselves, or Counsel, Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster against the said Bill for the said intended Extension, Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their and may have such further Relief as the House shall Service in the House immediately, think proper. And be went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending thid Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers.

Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under And he went accordingly; and returned.

Lyne and Oldham, to extend the said Canal from a Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Place called Clayton Demesne, in the Township of House, do go into the Places appointed for the Mem-~ ----- ---- bers of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the 1

same of all Strangers, and summon the Members !

there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately

Droylsden, in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the Sign of the Three Boars Heads, and from, or nearly from, a Place called Taylors Barn, in the Township of Reddish, to Denton, at a Place called Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike Road into his Custody.

And

a

ir a tfer

Q0K

om*

the said

the

the

the I in;K

art, the the hit,

rd* L.., let,'

frB-

fctfc

ep-

led

ra-

te

w

27° FeSriihrii.

de1 -

it

nl

S&'GeO. III.

And lie went accbhlirfgly. (;

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places dr'Passages.

291

(he Allegations of the ffijl* apd jfouqd (he pame, (p be true j and that the Committee had gone through th&Pil), and made several Atpendm^nts, therpqpto, which they had directed to be reported to the l^Qusg';teyid- he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards 4elivere|d the Pill, with the Amendments* in at. the Clerk's Table: Where, the Amendments were Once rearithrougboyjt; and then a Second Time, Ope by, Qp^ apd, wppn (he Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

HpUSe. ;„r I-- "; 8-V

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Answer to Address.

And the Names of the Nlembera, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House fesolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by ingrossed.

their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster , . rv; , (

Hall accordingly. The (louse being informed, that Mr frojn;the

And, being returned; Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; and,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their

Address to His Majesty,

The Earl of Courtawn reported to the House, that An Account of all Sums of Money which have been their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would be issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account the House of Commons, and which have not been made

therein mentioned might be laid before (his House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Glamorgan- Sir Charles Morgak reported from the Committee, to whoih the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Glamorganshire Canal, to or near the Village of in the County of

Glamorgan, and for making and maintaining a Railway, Or Stone Road, from thence to or near in the Parish of Cadoxtone Neath, in the said County, Was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,' and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he

Aberdare Canal Bill reported.

good by Parliament.

Mr. Fisher also, from the Exchequer, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Ah Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtup of an Act, passed in the, last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-two:" And also,

An Account of the Amount. of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the " Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Ninety-two:" And also,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to John Dailey, Gentleman, towards defraying- the

Accounts

presented.

Money issued pursuant to Addresses.

Amount of Exchequer Bills.

D\

Money issued towards

read the report in his Place; and afterwards delivered necessary Charges incurred in and about the Execu- charees8in

f D.ll ...li-V. ..I.A _ a._ I.. a U _ T' 1 __t.L i!_______f ____ A — a. — J 1.. iL HP s... % !_el. VC

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making Compensation for the Tythes of the Land to be employed in making the Canal.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ini

Loch Gilp and Loch Crioan Canal Bill presented.

tion of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to authorize the Lord High Treasurer, or the " Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint Two of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, " and One of the Commissioners of the Customs in " Scotland, to enquire into the . Annual Amount of " the Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and " ot, her Persons employed in that Revenue," and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,.

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into (he State and Condition of the Wpods, Forests, apd Laud Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and which have not been made

enquiring into Emolu^ ments of Officers of the Customs.

To the Board of Land Revenue,

if.

i Muller's and

! Rapp's Nat.

>ir , Bill reported.

Lord Frederick Cizmpbell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a good by Parliament: And alsOj Navigable Cut or Canal from Loch Gilp to LochCrinan, An Account of the Sums that in the Shire of Argyll .* And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Plymouth Dock, Arc. Water Bill reported.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Emanuel Muller and John Rapp was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir George Jackson do make the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for supplying the Towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke Damarel, Stonehouse, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, with Water, was committed.

Sir George Jackson accordingly reported from the said Committee; That (he Committee had examined Vo i. 48.

will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. 10 per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day of October 1792, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts passed in the Twenty-eighth. and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain; and to such Persons who furnished Provisions or other necessary Articles to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1793, together with the Sum of 6 /. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1793, after the same Rate of 31, ioj.

per

Of Sums wanting for Payment of Interest, See. on Orders for Relief to American and East Florida Sufferers,

1

292 27° Februarii. A. 1793.,

per Centum per Annum- on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with 61. 5 per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order respectively; in which Account the Amount of the Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the same: And also,

For sending An Account of the Expence of sending Provisions and Provisions, sundry Articles to the Settlement in New South Wales, South Wales. ant* Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also,

For carrying An Account of the Monies which have been issued on the Prose- in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying Mr.°Hastiogs 00 the Prosecution against Esquire,

and which have not been made good by Parliament: '

And also,

An Account of the Monies paid to Duncan , Money paid

Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and 0nthe which have not been made good, by Parliament: And Thames, also,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to For D° at James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining t*ng»tone and guarding Convicts in Langstons. and Portsmouth "outh°^ Harbours, &c.: and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to be by him applied towards the Payment of Pensions, to such Persons who have been Sufferers during the late unhappy Dissentions in America - -

To John Hatsell, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences printing the Journals of the House of Commons ——

To Henry Hughs, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of the House of Commons -To John Nichols, Esquire, towards defraying the Expences of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons ——

To Brook Watson, Samuel Beachcroft, and William Roe, Esquires, Commissioners appointed to enquire into any Lasses which may be sustained in consequence of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to regulate, for a " limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of "Africa," as a Compensation for their Diligence, Care, and Ability, in the Execution of the said Act ----- ----- 4,500----

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - - - 230 11 6

To William Gordon, Nurseryman, for Expences of Ground, Rent, Labour, &c. incurred by Experiment made in order to ascertain to what Degree of Cultivation the Plant called Gallium Vecum, or Luteum, vulgo, Ladies Bed Straw, and in the West of England, Cheese Rennett, could be improved for the Purpose of dyeing - -

To Doctor Cuthbert Gordon, as a Remuneration for his Trouble and Attention to the Cultivation and Management of the said Plant - - - £.100 — —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - - - 18 12 —

£. d.

25,500

1,200 —

2,533 8 6

867 4 —

4,730 n 6 98 9

118 12 —

To John Ley, Esquire, in Consideration of his long and meritorious Services as CJerk Assistant to the House of Commons ——

To Joseph Smith,‘ Esquire, and others, in full Compensation for the Losses and Damages sustained by the Destruction of the Protestant Dissenting Meeting House, lately standing in Meeting Street, within the Town of Birmingham, during the late Riots there £.2,000 —: — To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - - 59 3

55o ——

2,059 3 6

37,657 7 3

Exchequer,

the 27th day of February, 1793. James Fisher.

U1?

is,

a

a

To

1

33 Geo. III. 2T Februarii. 293

W -Hk

niii

i^;

i»if.

3^4,;,

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled,

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Exchequer Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer BlBs>

" Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two."

THE Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer,

the 27th day of February 1793. Fisher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the Ditt$. last Session of Parliament, intituled, *An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two."

THE Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of the above-meotipnet} Act, amount to the Sum of Two Millions.

Exchequer,

the 27th day of February 1793. James Fisher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to John , Gentleman, towards defraying Inquiry into

the necessary Charges incurred in and about the Execution of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of ce^Emolu-the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to authorize the Lord High Treasurer, or the Comments.

" missioners of the Treasury, to appoint Two of the Commissioners of the Customs in England, and one of " the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, to enquire into the Annual Amount of the Emoluments " of Officers of the Customs, and other Persons employed io thq.t Revenue," and which have not been made good by Parliament.

THE Monies which have been issued to John Dailey, towards defraying the necessary Charges incurred in and about the Execution of the above-mentioned Act, and which have not been made gpod by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

Exchequer,

the 27th day of February 1793. James Fisher.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into LandRe-the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and which venue Board, have not been made good by Parliament.

THE Monies which have been issued to Sir Charles , Baronet, Sir John Call

Baronet, and John Fordyce, Esquire, Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of One thousand Si$ hundred Pounds.

Exchequer,

the 27th day of February 1793. James Fisher.

Yol. 48.

4 F

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums that will be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. 1 per Centum- per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sum unsatisfied after the Payments which became due on the 10th Day October 1792, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts passed in the 28th and 30th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in , in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain -, and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or othernecessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1793, together with the Sum of 61. 5 s.per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order; and also for Six Months Interest, which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1793, after the same Rate of 3/. 105. per Centum per Annum, on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with 61. 5 per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order respectively; in which Account the Amount of the Principal and Interest are particularly distinguished, and the Totals of the same.

to.

Principal to be paid off.

AMERICAN CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. 10 s. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied after the Payments which became due on the loth October 1792, on the several Orders made out at the Receipt.of the Exchequer, pursuant to the above-mentioned Act of the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1793, together with 61. 5 per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order ——

Ditto, which will become due on the 10th October 1793 ——

EAST FLORIDA CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. 10 per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the said Act of the 28th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on the 5th Day of April 1793, together with 61. 5 s.per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order -Ditto, which will become due on the loth Day of October 1793 ——

AMERICAN CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3/. 10 per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied, on the several Orders made out pursuant to the above-mentioned Act of the 30th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which will become due on the" 5th Day of April 1793, together with 61. 5 per Cent of the Principal Sum contained in each Order ——

Ditto, which will become dde on the 10th Day of October 1793 ——

EAST FLORIDA CLAIMS.

The Amount of the Sums that will be necessary for Payment of Interest, after the Rate of 3 10 per

Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of the Principal Sums unsatisfied, on the seversl Orders made out pursuant to the said Act of the 30th Year of His present Majesty's Reign, which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1793, together with 6/. 55. per Cent, of the Principal Sum contained in each Order ——

Ditto which will become dtie on the 10th Day of October 1793. ——

Memorandum:

The Total Amount of the Money necessary for the Payment of American and East Florida Claims, per Ditto - - - -- per

Exchequer, the 27th day of February 1793-

Interest.

s.

88.340 12

88.340 12

d.

6

6

s. d.

12,367 13 10,821 14

Total.

9

6*

8.031

8.031

.5 — 5 —

22.943 15 —

22.943 15 —

1.406 5 —

1.406 5 —

1,124. 7 6

983 16 6

4,818

4,416

3

13

100,708

99,162

s. dc*

6 3

7 -]

TOTALS.

9, *55 12

9.o»5 1

6

6 i

£. s. d, 199,87013 31

27,761

27,360

is

8

9

5 I

18,170. 14 — i

s*

o

st:

:r.

295 6 3

270 14 — $

1,701 1,676 19

n 3 1

19 -J

55,122. 7 21

3,3?8 10 34

276,542. 4 10

Act 28 Geo. Tertij R* A* 1788 Act 30 Geo. Tertij R‘ A* 179°

James Fisher.

£. S' d* 218,041 7 4

58,500 i7 6.

£. 276,542 4 10

*0

S

A-

3$(?Eio. III. 27* JfybtuQTii' 295

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACGO'UNT of the Expertce of sending Provisions, and sundry Articles, to the Setdement in New N«w South South Wales, and of the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Con- WtJes" victs at that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To Thomas Cdttoft, Esquire, to reimburse the like Sum paid by him for sundry Bills drawn by Lieutenant Governor King, to defray his Expences and Passage from Batayia, and for Stock and other Articles ——

To Alexander Davison, Esquire, to reimburse him the like Sum expended in purchasing Clothing, Stores, &c. ——

To James Neave and Rawson Aislibie, Esquires, to reimburse them the Charges attending the purchasing Provisions, &c. ——

To William Chinuery, Esquire, to pay sundry Bills drawn upon the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, by Order of Governor Philip - -

£. s.

1,17a 14 —

31,139 3 4

17,256 8 —

6,802 10 4 56,37 15 8

Exchequer, the 27th day of February 1793.

James Fishei\

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in Mr. H*tings carrying on the Prosecution again Warren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by <rrial* Parliament

Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, Deputy Great Chamberlain, for the Expence of hiring Door Keepers at Westminster Hall, during the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire -

William Chinnery, Esquire, to reimburse him the like Sums paid, viz.

To William Blanchard, for taking Minutes in Short Hand for the use of the £. s. d.

Lords - - - - -40116

To him more, for Transcript of various Speeches - - - 88 —

To him more, for Indexes of the Trial, and Appendix, 1791 - - - 1010 —

To him more, for Attendance - -1105 —

To him more, Transcript of Evidence - - - r - - -156 196

To Edward Blackstock, for Attendance on the Lords - - - - 73 9 8

To Six Deputy Door Keepers, for Attendance - - - - -94 10 —

To pay Fees >and Charges attending die Receipt thereof - - - .-33 144

To Cha* Eyre and Andrew Strahan, for printing Copies of Minutes of Evidence

£. s. d. 2,000 ——

528 8 — 1,199 4 —

3,727 12 —

James Fisher.

2&6 27° Februarii. A. 179$.

t

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled. j

Maintenance An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to Duncan CampbeU, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, main? jj

of Convicts, taining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by '

Parliament

THE Monies which have been paid to Duncan Esquire, for the Expence of

confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament amount to the Sum of Eleven thousand Twenty-one Pounds Four Shillings and Five Pence,

Exchequer, the 27th day of February 1793.

James Fisher,

a

L

ti

t!

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled,

Ditto. An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langslone and Portsmouth Harbours, <§'c. and which have not beeq made good by Parliament,

THE Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, 8$c. and which i

have not been made good by Parliament amount to the Sum of Twelve thousand Four 1

hundred Seven Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence Half-penny. 1

Exchequer, the 27th day of February 1793,

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Report on Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 13th Common Day of this Instant February, was made from the BrewersPeti- Committee, to whom the Petition of the Common toa Commit- Brewers of the City of London and Parts adjacent, tee of the whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, whole House, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Pawnbrokers A Bill to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, Bill commit- passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Sir Watkin Lewes, &c. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petitionin fa- A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of The Y°?rofth° Erewash Canal, in the Counties of Derby and Notting-vigatiooBUh ^am> was Presented to the House, and read; Taking

James Fisher.

Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Leicester, to communicate with the River Nen, in or near the Town of North~ ampton, and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens Petitionin f». of the City of Worcester, was presented to the House, vourofGlo«-and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and Berkeley Pill maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, Canal Bill, at, or near, the City of Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley, in the County of Gloucester; and hoping, That the House will give its Sanction to a Measure which, the Petitioners conceive, will evidently appear to be fraught with great public Good.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are petition foi thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and additional others, Owners of Estates in the several Parishes of Provision to Spalding, Moulton, Whapload, Holbech, and Gedney, l^bankmeat in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and Drain-

~o and age.

33 Geo. III. 27° Febru'arii.

297

of

en

WETl-f

Ben-

Ci&i

t

and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making to the House for a Bill for embanking and draining certain Salt Marshes and Low Lands within the said several Parishes, and for preventing the same Marshes and Lands from being Overflowed by the Sea; and that an Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Ged, and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the County of , and the

Lands, by the said Act, directed to be divided and inclosed, being Part of the Lands to be embanked and drained by the said Bill, it is expedient that some of the Powers granted by the said Act should be altered: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for altering the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lords will* proceed Tomorrow on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr.. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Aments of Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Exchequer Rills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed ',eler* in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One *' thousand'Seven hundred and Ninety-two," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Coiwidera- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to tion of Ex- receive and consider of the Excuses which may be tnsMfor offered for the Non-attendance of any Member on the anceofMem- Appointment of certain Select Committees, for the ben deferred. Trial of contested Elections, on the 7th and 12 th Days of March next, or on the Call of the House;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, between Vol. 48.

Five and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, receive and consider of the said Excuses.

t» ‘ 1 t , 1

Mr. Pole Catea), from the Select Committee, who Pontefract were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the of Petition.of John Walsh, Esquire, who claims to be an termined. *" Elector of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York.; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed', who cl&im to be Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York; and also, thte Petition of John Smyth, and William Esquires,

respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, informed the House.

That the Counsel for the Petition of John Walsh,

Esquire; and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who claim to be Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, delivered in a Statement of the Right of Election for the said Borough, as follows:

" The Counsel for the opposing Petitions state,

" That the Right of Election of Members to serve in " Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the " County of York, is in Persons having, within the said " Borough, a Freehold of Burgage Tenure paying a " Burgage Rent."

And that thereupon-the Counsel for the Petition of John Smyth and William Sotheron, Esquires, also delivered in a Statement of the Right of Election for the said Borough, as follows:

" The Counsel for the Petitioners in Support of the " Right of Election, as determined by the last Committee, state the Right of Election for the Borough " of Pontefract, to be in the Inhabitants Householders " Resiants."

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Petition of John Walsh, Esquire; and also, for the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, who claim to be Electors of Representatives to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said Statement, is not the Right of Election for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York.

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the Petition of John Smyth and William Sotheron, Esquires, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, is in the Inhabitants Householders Resiants.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Ways and next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means defer-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the red*

Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- American ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole.Trade Bill House, upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in deferred-Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

4 G

28° Februarii. A 1793.

Jovis, 28° die

Anno 33* Georgii III*" Regia, 1793.

Praters.

Mors, Co- JpRangois Mori, Philip Louys Gruaz, John

lomb, &c. Amick, and Peter Lewis Robin, took the Oaths ap-swonu pointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Royal Assent -A. Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-to Bills. near, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers: Where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised m Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three: .

An Act for continuing and granting to 'His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service or the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three:

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Marine Forces while on Shore:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Ipswich to the Scale Inn Road, and from Cleydon to the Bury Saint Edmunds Road, at the End of the Bounds of the Parish of Hawleig and from Yaxley Bull to Eye, and from Eye to Lanthorn Green, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act to enable Richard Johnstone Vanden BempdS, Esquire, lately called Richard Bempdt Johnstone, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Vanden Bempdi only, pursuant to the Will of John Vanden Bempde, Esquire, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Peterson Hansen and Otto Hinrick Hansen:

An Act for naturalizing John William Fisher.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. will proceed Pepys:

Pj^nt,y Mr. Speaker,

iocs's Trial" The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, presently, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Trial of Mr. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Hastings. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers,' of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages,

who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly;

And being returned, he reported, That- there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Members, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burke, one of the Members appointed by this Special Pro-House for managing the Trial of the Impeachment now ceedipge re-depending against Warren Hastings, Esquire, informed w e the House, That, the Lords having met this Day (before Hastin&s.* His Majesty came to the House of Peers) in the Chamber of Parliament, precisely at Twelve of the Clock, which is much earlier than their Lordships have usually assembled for the Purpose of going into Westminster Hall, their Lordships, without having given any Intimation to this House of their Intention to make this Alteration in the Time of their Proceeding, went at about Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock, into Westminster Hall, before a sufficient Number of Members of this House were assembled for the Purpose of enabling Mr. Speaker to take the Chair — That, under these Circumstances, he (Mr. Burke) and such of the other Managers as were present in this House, thought it their Duty to appear in the Place appointed for the Managers in Westminster Hall, to be ready to go on with the Trial, without waiting for the usual Proceedings of this House on the Days appointed for the Trial; and that the Managers did accordingly appear in Westminster Hall, and the Trial proceeded.

And Mr. Burke desired to submit his Conduct, and that of the other Managers, upon this Occasion, to the Judgment of the House.;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That under the Cir- Managers cumstances before mentioned, this House doth highly Conduct ap-approye of the Conduct of the Right honourable Edmund Proved* Burke, and the other Managers, in having taken such Steps as have enabled the Commons to proceed in the Trial of the said Impeachment.

Major Maitland reported from the Committee, who Report from were appointed to consider of Means for expediting the Committee Trial of the Impeachment now depending against Means*for Warren Hastings, Esquire, and to report the same to expediting the House; That the Committee had considered the Mr. Hast-Matter to them referred, and had directed him to report *DSSS Tna*' the same to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee, in considering' the Causes which may have tended to lengthen the Duration of the Trial of the said Warren Hastings, have not thought them-, selves authorized to suggest any Interference in the Judicial Proceeding on that Impeachment: Therefore, although your Committee may have conceived that Arrangements might be made which would prevent the Trial from being suspended during a very considerable Part of the Session, which has hitherto been the Case, yet they have thought it proper to abstain.

from submitting to the House any Proposition upon that Head. ►

Your Committee have farther considered, whether any Arrangement could be made by the Managers, -or by the Counsel for Mr. Hastings, which might tend to 12 bring

33 Ge6. III.

28° Ftbru

299

bring the Impeachment to a shorter Issue; but having but hope that such a Measure might, with Benefit and duly considered this Part of the Subject, they acknow- Propriety, be adopted on the present Occasion, ledge that no Measure has occurred to them for this

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. The Lrmfs

Pepys: will proceed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this tings's Trial. House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, To-inorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal House to of the House, of the 24th Day of March 1640, of the *sa Proceedings of the House in relation to the Attendance of the House as a Committee in Westminster at minster Hall, the Trial of the Earl of Strafford, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved., That this House do meet as a Committee,

Tomorrow Morning, in Westminster Hall, at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire.

Resolved, That this House will sit Tomorrow at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Motion for a posed, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, for Conference the Purpose of endeavouring to expedite the Trial of Lord/with

Purpose.

Your Committee have therefore limited themselves to the Consideration of Two Points, which they have conceived may tend to expedite the Trial of this Impeachment:

First, the procuring a certain Attendance in this House at the Hour at which it is to meet on the Days of the Trial.

Secondly, The Means of Obtaining a greater Number of Days for the Trial, than has hitherto been granted in any One Session of Parliament.

Your Committee do not find that, during the whole Period of the Trial, the House of Lords have often had Occasion to wait for this House previous to their going into Westminster Hall; but they are obliged to admit,' that there has been in some Degree a Remissness in the Attendance in this House, which has sometimes prevented the Speaker from taking the Chair at the Hour when the Members ought to have attended.

Your Committee have not been able to suggest any Measure which could in itself compel a more exact Attendance in this House on the Days of the Trial,' but

they apprehend, that if the House should think tit to „ . w

follow the Precedent in the Case of the Earl of Strafford, the Impeachment now depending against Warren - drawn. '

this Inconvenience would be removed.

Your Committee find, that the Mode of Proceeding at that Impeachment (as appears by the Journal of the 22d of March 1640) was for this House to meet as a Committee in Westminster Hall, without first coming into the House of Commons.

tings, Esquire.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Excuses for to receive and consider of the Excuses which may be Your Committee conceive, that the Adoption of this offered for the Non-attendance of any Member oh the Members Mode would certainly produce the Effect of preventing Appointment of certain Select Committees, -for the considered, any Delay on the Part of this House, and the probable Trial of contested Elections, on the 7th and 12th Days Effect of inducing all other Persons concerned to be of March next, or on the Call of the House, be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to receive and consider of the said Excuses.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Parker Coke have Leave Leave of to go the Midland Circuit. Absence

Ordered, That Mr. Jekyll have Leave to go the'811*1. Western Circuit.

punctual at the Hour appointed.

Your Committee are aware that an Objection has been stated against the Propriety of adopting this Precedent in the present Instance, as it does not appear to have been followed in other Cases; but in those Cases it may not have been necessary: It has also been stated, that it is of Importance that the House should be ready during the Time of the Trial, for the Purpose of advising the Managers, should any Question Ordered, That Mr. Adam have Leave to go the occur which they, in their Judgment, might think fit Home Circuit.

to refer to the Consideration of the House; but your Committee observing that no such Instance has hitherto occurred, and thinking that if such a Circumstance bad occurred, the Discussion of any such Question in the House could not have taken Place immediately,'

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley have Leave to go the Oxford Circuit.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Quest. Neg. That such Members of this House as are Captains in for excusing the Militia, being under Orders for Marching, be cx-

they apprehend there is not great Weight in this Ob- cused from their Attendance in this House on the Ap

certain Members.

servation.

Your Committee do not conceive that an Attendance of more than Five Hours in a Day, when that is really given, would be either in ' itself adviseable or proper to be requested; but they cannot help being

pointment of any Select Committee, for the Trial of contested Elections, on the 7th and 12th Days of nexl^ and on the Call of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are Certain

impressed with the Propriety and Expediency of ob- Field Officers in the Militia, actually serving with their Memb<‘r8

tainiftg more Days in the Week for the carrying on ----- ---- r'"-: — 1 ----- ----- ----1 r — - *L~:~ — J excu8«d-

the Impeachment, so that, if possible, it may be brought to a Conclusion in the present Session of Parliament:

The Mode of obtaining this Object, whether by requesting a Conference on the Subject with the Lords, or otherwise, your Committee beg Leave to submit to

respective Corps, be excused from their Attendance in this House on the Appointment of such Select Committees as aforesaid, on the 7th and 12th Days of March next, and on the Call of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Trevanion be excused from such Attendance as aforesaid, on Account of the recent die Judgment of the House — At the same Time, con- Death of a very near Relation.

sidering that the Application would be merely to desire A Motion was made, and the Question being, put, Quest. Neg. that the Lords would allot more Days, in a given That Sir William Heathcote, having been summoned to j°r certain Time, than has been usually allowed for this Trial, if serve on the Grand Jury at the Assizes for the County it could be done consistently with the Dispatch of the of Southampton, on the 6th Day of March next, have Assizes, other great and important Concerns which engage Leave to attend the said Assizes at Winchester, on the their Time and Attention; and considering also the 6th and 7th Days of March next; great Length of the Trial hitherto, and the Time du- It passed in the Negative.

ring which it may still continue, and all the Circum- A Motion was* made, and thq Question being put,

stances attending this Case,- your Committee cannot That M have Leave to attend.

Voi» 48. the

28° Febru&rit.

A. 1793.

Member cue Med.

Leave of Absence granted.

Report

Supply.

the Assizes at Dorchester, 6n the 14th Day of March next, on Special Affairs;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Grosvenor be excused from such

are insufficient to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed, and to keep the said Road in Repair: That the Money owing cannot be repaid, nor the said Road amended and kept in Repair, unless the Tolls thereby

He

fi

0

Attendance as aforesaid, on the 7th and 12th Days of granted are increased, and the Powers thereof continued March next, and on the Call of the House, on Account and enlarged

For paying off Exchequer Bills.

of the recent Death of a very near Relation, and his own ill State of Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Bearcroft, Chief Justice of Chester, have Leave to go the Chester Circuit.

Ordered, That Mr. John Eliot have Leave to go the Western Circuit.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whple House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Rill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the' Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending, the Road from a Place, called Earls in to the

Toll Bars in IVallgate, in Wigan, both in the County of Lancaster: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Blackburne do prepare, and bring in, the same.

U

fi

(d

Ilf.

d

% 1

Pi

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do make the Re- Halifax, port from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Brads«d,&c. Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, and p^on ' others, Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Halifax, ported. Bradford, Kighley, Bing ley, Guiseley, Bailey,

Birstal, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury,

Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of

Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and the County of York, was referred.

D*.

discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, " by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the " Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-two," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two Millions be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act, for raising " a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand M Seven hundred and Ninety-two," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, -agreed to by die House.

Warrington Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee,

'Road Pft- to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose tuioD report- Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting into execution an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to enlarge the Term contained in Two several Acts of Parliament, and to grant a further . " Term and Powers for the more, effectual repairing, bring in, the same " widening, and amending the Road, from a Place <l called Earls Kill, in Warrington, to the Toll Bars u in Wallgate, in Wigan, both in the County of Lancaster," and also, of the several Gentlemen, Merchants,

Freeholders, and others, whose Names are thereunto also subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Towns of Warrington and Wigan, and the several Townships through which the said Road passes, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, bad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. William Turner being examined, said, That the Trustees thereby appointed have borrowed a large Sum of Money, upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; and that the Tolls arising on the said Roads,

Mr. Thomas Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two Acts, made in the Seventeenth and Twentieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the said Parishes; and for other Purposes, were read: And,

Mr. John Hardy being examined, said, That the said Act of the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, so far as relates to the Recovery of Small Debts, hath been found defective, and requires Amendment, particularly with respect to the Appointment of Beadles.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guise-ley, Calverley, Batley, Birstal, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, Kirkburton, and

Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Wi do prepare, and

»i\

B

A

‘ii

1

1

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, South Hal. to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose land Dra|»* Names are thereunder written, on behalf of them- age p*t‘Uo" selves, and others, Proprietors of Fen Lands andrepor Low Grounds, lying in the several Parishes or Hamlets of Spalding, Cowbit, Pea kill, Weston, Moulton, Whapload, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary's,

Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise and Tydd

Saint Mary's, situate in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

George Maxwell being examined, said, That there are, in the said Parishes, many Thousand Acres of valuable

rtm

toad

reby

Hied

the

none load 'the tv of Hr.

fie-ft

lie h

33 Geo. III.

28° Februariu

301

ble Land, which are subject to be overflowed, for' through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-Want of a Drain to discharge the Waters into the unto, which they had directed him to teport to the House; Sea, and if the same were properly drained it would ' ' ~ — ' - *

tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Lands,

tod

b

the

Her

re-

ict;

ile:

w

id

ud

ft*

and to the Advantage of the Persons interested therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cowbil and P Weston, Moulton, JVhapload, Holbeach, Fleet, G, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lulton, all m

South Holland, in the County of Lincoln: And that

Mr. Henry Hobart and Sir John Thorold do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

committed.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Glamorgan-Navigable Canal from the Glamorganshire Canal, to or and near the Village of Aberdare, in the County of - <jau«l* Bill

gan, and for making and maintaining a Railway, or Stone pas*eil.

Road, from thence to or near Abernant, in the Parish of Milton Moor A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain C juxta Neath, in the said County, was read ladowre Bil| Mom- or Common within the Manor of Milton, in the the Third Time.

Parish of Keicstoke, in the County of Somerset, was read Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the

a Second Time. Title be> An Act for making and maintaining a Na-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry vigable Canal from the Glamorganshire Canal, to or '

Hobart, Mr. Francis, &c.: And they are to meet this near the Village of Aberdare, in the County of Aftemoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's morgan, and for making and maintaining a Railway,

Chamber. or Stone Road, from thence to or near Abernant, in

the Parish of Cadoxtone juxta Neath, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

tod.

Robin'* Nat A Bill for naturalizing Peter Lewis Robin, was read Bill commit-a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Francis, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- Voices to mittee to whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, Comm,t,ee

and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose an^King's'^ Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them- Lynn Drain-selves, and others, interested in the Navigation of the age Petition. River Ouze, to and from the Town of King's Lynn, in

tjj

d

d

MaD<r and An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Emanuel Muller % 'iNat. and John Rapp, was read the Third Time.

Kil.paMed. Resotced, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title.

be, An Act fat naturalizing Emanuel Muller and' John the County of Norfolk', and also, the humble Petition

Rapp. . of the several other Persons, whose Names are t' e e-

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes of Colne, Berry,

ftroftz's Nat. Bill presented.

to Order,

And Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Brecknock

Sir Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, ud Pont y to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Na-HC‘l, vigable Canal from the Town of Brecknock, to the nf0 ' Monmouthshire Canal, near the Town of Pont y Pool, in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways and Stone Roads from such Canal to several Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock and Monmouth, was committed; That the

ton. Little Ravely, Upzooood with Great Ravely, Stand-

ground, Farcett, Vaa tey, Stilton, Caldicot, Denton, -ton, Holme, Cumington, Sawtrey All Saints,

Saint Judith and Saint Andrew, Hadden,

Watemeuton, Stibbington with Sibson, and

Fletton, in the County of Huntingdon; Isleham,

Lamvade, Swqffham Prior with Reach, Swaffham

beck, Burrell with Reach, JVicken,

Bottisham, Qui, Ditton, Horningsey, Waterbeach, Land-beach, Chesterton, Milton, C Rampton, Willingham, Over, and Swacey, in the County of Cambridge;

Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, Brandon, Mildenhall,

Worlington, Freckingham, and Exning, in the County of Suffolk; Wiggenhall Saint

German's, Wiggenhall Saint Peter's, Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, West Lynn with North Lynn, Clench-warlon, Terrington Saint Clement's, Terrington Saint John's, Walpole Saint Peter's, Walpole Saint Andrew's, West Walton, Enmeth, Tilney All Saints,

T Saint Lawrence, Tilney cum Islington, South Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Lynn, North Runcton, Hardwick and Setchy, Worm-

and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

lasTiboo, Ac fired Bill reported.

gay, Tottenhill, Watlington, Runcton, Runcton Holme, Thorpland, Stow Bardolph, Downham

Market, Ryston and Roxham, Denver, Fordham, -gay, Southery, Fettwell Saint Mary's, Feltwell Saint Nicholas, Hochwold, Wilton, Methwold, Norfhwold,

Sir Charles Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for opening and making a new Oxburgh, Foulden, Stoke Ferry, Wretton, Wereham, Road from the Turnpike Road at Craig Evan Leyson, West Dereham, Outwell, and Welney, in the

in the Parish- of Lanvabon, to the Confines of the Parish County of Norfolk; Elm, Outwell, Unwell, Welney of Ystradyvoduck, near Abernant, in the County of Money, Stuntney, Ely Trimly, Ely Saint Mary's, Glamorgan, was committed;That the Committee had Churcham otherwise Littleport, St ret ham

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Thetford, Downham, JVitchford, Witcham,

same to be true; and that the Committee had gone W

VOL-i8‘ 4H Sutton,

Bawtry and Twiford Bridge Road Bill passed.

Earl of Strafford's Petition against Wakefield Inclosure Bill.

Liverpool Salt Works Petition reported.

302 28° Febritani 1793.

Sutton, March, Doddinglon with Wimbling ton, Berwick, Dominion of or Town Of Berwick upon

Chatteris, Whittlesea Saint Marys, Whittlesea Saint except such Places afe Ore or shill be within Ten

Andrew, and Wisbeach, within the Isle Of Ely, is Miles Distance of the respective Pit or Pits from

referred. whence such Rock Salt shall be taken, or at Such

Places ds, on or before the Tenth Day of May Ofle An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter thousand Seven hundred and Two shall have been and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixth used for the refining Of Pock Salt, under the Pain Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for re- of Forty Shillings for every Bushel of Rdck Salt that pairing and widening the Road from Bawtry, in the shall be melted or refined in any House, Place, or County of York, -to East Markham Common, in the Places, not by this Act allowed for that Purpose, County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to and so in Proportion for a greater or lesSer Quantity: Twiford Bridge, in the said County, was read the Third Then,

Time. Mr. Richhrd Statham prodhced to your Committee

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the Minute Book of the Proceedings of the Corporation be, An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge of Liverpool, and read an Entry therefrom, dated the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the the 4th of September 1695, whereby it appeared, That Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Corporation did then set out a certain Parcel of the Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, to Land on the Sea Coast therein described, to Messieurs East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, Jonathan and John Bladkburhe, for the Purpose of and from Little Drayton to Twiford Bridge, in the said establishing a Salt Work, upon the Terms usual in County. Corporation Leases, at Liverpool; and, by another

Ordered, That Mr. Gaily Knight do carry the Bill to Minute from the said Book, of the 20th of June 1696,

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. it appears, that the said Piece of Ground was confirmed

to them.

A Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Thomas And being examined, he said, That it is generally Earl of Strafford, was presented to the House, and read; known, that the said Salt Works were accordingly esta-Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing blished there, and have been continued to this Time, as the Open Common Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste several Leases of the said Ground have been granted by Grounds, within the Townships or Graveships of Wake- the said Corporation — And he further said, That the field, Stanley, Wrenthorpe, Alverthorpe, and Thornes, Salt Works, which were formerly at the Outside of the in the Parish of Wakefeld, in the West Riding of the said Town of Liverpool, ore now surrounded by Houses, County of York; and Setting forth, That, if the said and other Buildings.

Bill should pass into a Law, the same will greatly affect cMr. James Finchctt being examined, said, That many and prejudice the Property of the Petitioner: And Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings,'have been therefore praying to be heard, by his Counsel, against built round Salt Works since he came

the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a to Liverpool, and that the Smoke occasiohed by the Law. # said Works is a great Nuisance to the Neighbourhood

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the — That he is Dock Master of the Dock, which was Consideration of the Committee to whom the said established some Years ago, adjoining to the said Salt Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, Works — That from the great Number of Flats, or by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Barges, Coming with Rock Salt and Coals down the Petition, if he thinks, fit. River Mersey to the said Salt Works, great IncOn-

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- veniencies arise to the Ships; arid Vessels resorting to miltee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the the Docks and Quays of the said Town, and the said same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Flats are sometimes detained Ten Days,-and frequently said Petition. Four or Five Days, owing to the great Number of Craft,

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the and the increased Tirade of the Town; and ' that, in Committee to whom the said Bill is committed. order to get at the Salt Works, Vessels are obliged to

pass through the Dock Gut, the Bason, the Salthouse Ordered, That Mr. Bastard do make the Report Dock Gates, and nearly up to the Head of the Salthouse from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Dock.

Blackburne, of Orford, within Warrington, in the Mr. Statham being then further examined, said, That County Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire, and of John 'the Owners of the said Salt Worksare willing and de-Blackhurne, of Liverpool, in the said County of Lan- "sirous to remove the said Salt Works to some convenient caster, Esquire, on behalf of themselves and the several Situation within the Manor or Lordship of Garston, other Persons interested in the Salt Works thereafter which is about Six Miles from Liverpool, and so much mentioned, situate at Liverpool, in the said County of nearer to the Rock Salt Pits, and the Coal Pits, from Lancaster, was referred.^ which the Works at Liverpool are supplied — And he

Mr. Bastard accordingly reported from the said further said, That the Removal of the Salt Works will Committee, That the Committee had examined the 1 be a great Accommodation to the Public, and will also Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed be beneficial to the Proprietors of the Works; but that to be reported to the House; and he read the Report by reason of the above-recited Clause in the said Act, in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the the same cannot be effected without the , Aid of Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as Parliament.

followeth; viz. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an repealing Part of an Act, passed in the First Year of Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of her Ma- the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for jesty Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for preventing " preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, and for " Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, and for the better " the better Payment of Debentures at the Custom " Payment of Debentures at the Custom House," was " House," which may relate to the refining and making read; whereby it is enacted, That, from and after the of Salt at certain Works intended to be erected at Four-and-Twentieth Day of June, One thousand Seven Garston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, instead hundred and Two, no Rock Salt whatsoever shall be of the present Salt Works at Liverpool: And that Mr. refined or made into White Salt, in any, Place or Bastard and Mr. do prepare, and bring in,

Places whatsoever, within the Kingdom of England, the same.

9 Mr.

in

to

ch

ne

in

in

fct

or

r-

?e

n

ti

it

VaDotton' Nat. ported and passed.

Geo. Ill* . 28° Fehrmrii. 3Q3

i's Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to »Piece of Hoad ccventioned in the Petition; and that

* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

" An Act for naturalizing John was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass

Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Tp prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Richard Cope Hopton, Esquire, being examined, said* That Doubts having been conceived, whether the

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Powers of the said Act of the Twenty-ninth of His Lo.rds; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed present Majesty extend to a certain Piece of Road

EsUtn

igiiut

Wakefield

lorlosure

Bill

to the same, without any Amendment.

Petitions from A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Owners of thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Estates, and Occupiers of Houses and Land, in the Toyvn and Parish of Wakefield, in the County of York, was pre-

sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Graveships ot Wakefield, Stanley, Wrenthorpe, Alverthorpe, and Thornes, in the Parish of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, as it now stands, the same will greatly affect and prejudice the Estates and Property of the Petitioners (viz.) their being deprived of the-Benefit

leading from the Town of Bromyard to the Town of Ledbury, which lies in the Parish of Castle Frome, of the Distance of Two Miles and Three hundred and Fifty-two Yards, or thereabouts, the said Road has not been repaired by the Trustees under the said Act, and is in a very ruinous Condition, and the Communication between the Towns of Bromyard and Ledbury is thereby much interrupted: It is therefore proposed, That Provision should be made in the Bill now depending, for empowering the respective Trustees, appointed by the said recited Acts, to pay an Annual Sum of Money from their respective Funds, in Aid of the Statute Labour, towards amending the said Piece of Road.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term, and - _ . , altering the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty*

they now receive from the Pasturage of the Ings, from ninth year of Heign of His present Majesty King the 12th of August to the 5th ot April, and for which the Third, intituled, "An Act for more ef-

they cannot receive any Compensation adequate thereto, as well as the Restrictions which exclude the Ioha--bitants from erecting Buildings on Land that may be. allotted to them for Twenty, Forty, and Sixty Years, on different Parts of West gate Common, , as specified in the said Bill: And, therefore praying, That they may be ' heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may afreet them, and that the same

George

" fectually repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and the Road " through the Parish of Bromesberrow, in the County " of Gloucester, ar\d Corse till it joins the Road from Gloucester to I Core ester," is committed, That

they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for empowering the Trustees for repairing the said Roads, and the Trustees for repairing the Roads lead-may not pass as it now-stands, or that the Petitioners from the Town of Bromyard, to pay an Annual may have such other. Relief, in the Premises as to the Sum out of their respective Tolls, in Aid of the Statute

Duty, towards repairing that Part of the Road leading from the Town of the Town of Ledbury,

as lies within the Parish of Frome, in the Courity of Her ford.

may

House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the r>8anae Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

jlikfitioial

Petition to Ledkij Roads Bill reported.

A Petition of Thomas Jaques, of Leeds, in the County of York, Esquire, was presented to the House, Petition and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for against Leede

and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one made in t'oa,s the Thirty-first Year of the Reign ,of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and Parish of

€t

Mr. Cocks reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in execution, an Act, made in the Tw'enty-ninth Year Leeds,

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An forth, That the Petitioner is Owner of a certain Field ' " Act for more effectually repairing several Roads or Close, called Casson Close, near the said Town of " leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, Leeds,. used as a Repository for Coals sold to the Inand the Road leading through the Parish, of Bromes- habitants of the said and the Petitioner's -

" berrow, in the County of Gloucester, and Corse Lawn, perty will receive essential Injury if the said Bill should " till it joins the Road ^rom Gloucester to Worcester," pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That he

may be heard, by himself, or his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as will affect the said Property of the Petitioner, and that the Petitioner may receive such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition dolie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

and of several of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for more effectually repairing several Roads leading " from the Town . of Bromyard, in the County of Her ford, and other Roads adjoining thereto," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred;

in

That the Committee bad examined, and found that

the said Petition is. not within the Standing Orders of . A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Petitions the House, relati ve to Turnpike Bills, it onlyJ>eing Farmers, and others, in and near the Town favour

in the County of Bucks: And also, Shipton and

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, -ers, Farmers, and others, residing in and near the Ca°u 1

Towns

' 1 / ----- J O

intended to empower the Trustees of the said Roads to pay an Annual Sum out of their respective Tolls in Aid of the Statute Labour towards amending the Vox. 48. b

28° Februani — 1* .

Towns of Great and Little in the County of Bucks: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Farmers, and others, residing in and near the Town of tVendover, in the County of Bucks

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition is depending in the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making e Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal, at or near Hampton Gay, in the County of Oxford, to the River Thames, at Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex, to be called. The London and Western Canal: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A. 179a

Veneris, 1* die Martii Anno 33* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

TH £ Managers appointed to make good the Articles Trial of Mr.

of I mpeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, Ha.tings, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, by His Account of Majesty's Command, Additional

A Paper, intituled, " Charge of Services ordered to Charge of " be performed, and Stores to be supplied, for carrying " on the Service of the Office of Ordnance in the Year p " 1793. since the Estimate of the said Office, for the " said Year, was presented to Parliament"

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followed); viz.

CHARGE of Services ordered to be performed, and Stores to be supplied, for carrying on the Service of the Office of Ordnance in the Year 1793, since the Estimate of the said Office, for the said Year, was presented to Parliament

Pay of a further Augmentation of 480 Men, being 1 Serjeant, 1 Corporal, and 10 Gunners, to each of the 40 Marching Companies of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, from 1st March to 31st December 1793, with the Levy Money for the same; and also for the Augmentation of 440 Men, already voted -

Pay of an Augmentation of 2 Captains, 2 Captain Lieutenants, 4 First Lieutenants, and 3 Second Lieutenants, to the Corps of Royal Engineers, from 16th January to 31st December 1793, pursuant to His Majesty's Warrant 25th January 1793 -

For an additional Supply of New Small Arms for the Militia, and for the Augmentation of the Army - - - - -

On Account of the Hire of Horses, Conductors, and Drivers to attend the £. s. d. Battalion Guns, and Trains of Artillery, in England - 50,000 ——

Pay of Officers on the Artillery Staff - - - 6,000 ——

Ammunition for the Battalion Guns of all the Regiments of Foot and Militia in Great Britain, and for the several Parks of Artillery, new Carnages for Guns, Waggons, Forge Carts, Tents, and Camp Equipage, for the Artillery - - 55,677 6 10

On Account of Tents for Regiments ——

Towards repairing and re-establishing the Batteries on the Coasts, and putting them in a State of Defence — also, for the Purchase of Ground for that Purpose -

Towards providing temporary Barracks for the Troojps on the Coasts - -

For the Purchase of Ground of Mr. Prichard, near the Lines at -

Towards carrying on the necessary Works for the Security of the different Islands in the West Indies, and erecting temporary Barracks and Hospitals for the Reception of Troops - -- -- - 82,338 4 —

For supplying Stores - - 3,798 10 6

Office of Ordnance, 1st March 1793.

£ d* 13,396 ——

1,026 13 4

35,000 —

111,677 6 10 3>3«8 15 —

20.000 ——

10.000 — . 624 9 —

86,136 14 6

281,079 18 8

W. Howe. G. Berkeley. G. Crawfurd,

Ordered'

33 Geo. III.

1° Maftii.

m

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Vagabonds, Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according

sented U pr* *° Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed 6e" e ' in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend, and make " more effectual, the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to " Houses of Correction And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the i lth Day of this Instant March.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Bill to re- A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to «>ns in mak- restra'n the employing of Labourers in making Na-ing Canals, vigable Canals, during the Time of the Corn Harvest;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word Labourers," and inserting the Words " any Persons'' instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Labourers," stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words, " any " Persons" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restrain the employing of any Persons in making Navigable Canals, during the Time of the Corn Harvest: And that Sir Charles Morgan, Sir George Howard, Mr. Powys, and Mr. Browne, do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

ordered.

hereafter be introduced into this House, for making Navigable Canals, in such Manner as may best reconcile the Interests of the Undertakers with the Public Benefit.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Howard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Howard reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.-

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands Petition front within the respective Counties of and Derby, Staffordshire

assembled at a Meeting held at the White Hart Inn ^j*by

in Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford, the 20th Rm«

Day of February i 793, pursuant to Public Advertisement, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for several Harvests past, experienced a great Scarcity of Labourers, which they conceive, in some Measure, to be owing to the Numbers employed in cutting of Canals; and that the Petitioners observe, that many Applications have been, and now are, making to the House for Leave to bring in several Bills for the Purpose of making Canals in different Parts of this Kingdom^ whereby the Petitioners are aware that the Injuries they have sustained are likely to be increased to ani alarming Degree, to the great Injury of the Petitioners, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That their Case may be taken into Consideration, and that such Relief may be given them, in the Time of Hay and Corn Harvests, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lords have agreed to

Mutiny Bill.

The Lords will proceed Tomorrow on Mr, Hastings's Trial.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolutions Resokoed, That this House do, Tomorrow, and the TViai^of every Day 011 which the Trial of the Impeachment Mr. Has tings, against Warren Hastings, Esquire, shall be proceeded on, during the present Session of Parliament, meet as a Committee in Westminster Hall and that the House do, on such Days, sit at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Resolved, That, for the Purpose of receiving a Message from the Lords, relating to the Time of the further proceeding on the said Trial, Mr. Speaker may take the Chair, and direct the Messengers to be called in,' although Forty Members be not present.

Committee on limiting, kc. the Produce of Tolls imposed by Navigation Bills.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider of a Mode of limiting, regulating, and applying, the Produce of the Tolls to be imposed by all Bills now depending, or which shall Voc. 48.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Peti- Committee tion of the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster on Kirkby Canal Navigation, was referred, be revived. Canas Petition revived

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Dunstewin-mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, c,osur? Bill Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the committf ' Manor and Parish of Dunstew, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page,

Mr. Vansittart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Little Bar-Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pas- ford l^j0' tures, Common Grounds, arid Commonable Lands, committed, within the Manor, Township, Liberty, and Precincts of Little Barford, otherwise Barford Saint John, in the Parish of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page,

Mr. Vansittart, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Stoke Lyae Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable gin com-Lands or Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts mitted. of Stoke Zyne and Fewcott, in the Parish of Stoke

Lyne, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page,

Mr. Vansittart, &c.; And they are to meet this

4 I Afternoon,

§06 ' 1 Martii. A. 1793.

Aftotflf«bny a6 Firis oi tiitr Chock, i» the Speaker's GhaaAet.

NeatEnstone A Bill for amending, widening, and repairing tb« *nd B*f.®*ter Road from Clay Hill, in tike Turnpike Road between committed. -WW Enstortearid Chipping Notion, in the County of Oxford, over Heyford Bridge, to the Water in the Town of Bicester, in the said County, and from aforesaid tfe the Turnpike Road in Weston on the Green, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, Mr. Vansittart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bewditeigh Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to at»d Hanger- whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put* PeWtiorTr *'nS *n Execution an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year ported.1* r*~ Eeign of His present Majesty2 for repairing and

widening the Road from the End of the present Turnpike Road from Beseelsleigh to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to Leekford, otherwise Sousley Water, ~ in the County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing' Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-floweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And.

Mr. James Hati being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed the Sum of 986/. which now remains due; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: — And the Witness further said, That in order to keep the said Roads in more effectual Repair, it will be necessary to make an increase of the Tolls, the Money collected at present on the said Road being little more than sufficient to pay the Interest of the Debt due thereon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth 1 ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the present Turnpike Road from to flungerfiord,

in the County of Berks, to Ledford, otherwise Sousley Water, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Vansittart and Mr. Hartley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Spcenhatn- a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Marlborough en^ar$ng the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Road Bill b Y'ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repair-committed ing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and several other Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Page, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

LobWy Hill A Bill for altering, raising, widening, repairing, and-Aide tone and preserving the Road from the Turnpike Road be-&c. Roads tween Gateshead and Hexham, hear Lobley Hill, in the Bdl commit- parish (if Wickham, in the County of Durham, to Aid-stone, in the County of Cumberland, and a Branch from the said Road, near Bryan s Leap, in the County of Durham, to the Corbridge Turnpike Road, near Black-hedey, in tile County of , and another

Branch-from-tike stud Road at Wokingham, in the County of Durham, to Crosgate, near the City of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Burdon, &c,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Com.* Newcastie-mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, "nde*_

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trus- UoadsPPeti-tees for executing Two Acts of Parliament, passed tion reported, in the Fifth and Thirteenth Years of the Reiga of His- present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing, -widening, and altering, the Road from Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, to Hassof, in the County of Derby, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road, near Buxton, and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge, to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the said County of Stafford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee- had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Chaloner being examined, said. That great ' Progress hath been made in amending the said Roads, and a considerable Debt contracted, which cannot be discharged, nor the said Roads be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Terip of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present' Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Lyne to and from

Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton, and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Skelton, in the County of Stafford, and the other passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for amending several other Roads therein described: And that Sir Edward Littleton and the Earl Gower do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir Edxoard Littleton reported from the Committee, Womborne, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable William &c.

Lord Viscount Dudley and Ward, and the humble Petit*°n Te* Petition of several Gentlemen, Land Owners, Manu- por facturers, Farmers, and others, of the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Underhill being examined, said. That the Road leading from the Town of Womborne, to or near Gospel Dak, aB also the several other Roads described in the Petition, are greatly out of Repair, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious for Passengers

33 Geo. III.

1°

Petition against the Bill to extend the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations.

and Carriages, and cannot he efrectaally amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the Laws in being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads, leading from JVombor to or near Oak, in the County of Stafford, and from Can to the End of Hell Lane, and from Gospel End through the Village of Over Pern, to the Turnpike Road leading from JVotverhampton to Stourbridge, and from Fullzvoods End to the Turnpike Road at or near and from

Chitt's Grave to or near Prince's End, and from Shelton's Hall to the Town of Bilston, in the said County: And that Sir Edward Littleton and the Earl Gower do prepare, and bring in, the 6ame.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the Borough and Foreign of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the blouse and read; Setting forth, That the said Borough is a large and populous Town and Neighbourhood, where the Inhabitants are wholly employed in manufacturing most' Kinds of Hardware Goods, and there are considerable Limestone Mines situate near the said Town, and, from the great Demand of their manufactured Articles, and also for Lime in Agriculture, the Consumption of Coals is very large, and constantly increasing, so as to become an Object of great Importance to the Pros* perity of the said Town and Neighbourhood; and that tb« Land Carriage of Coal, together with the rising Price of that essential Article, having become seriously heavy to the Manufacturers and others, it is intended to apply to the House, in the next Session of Parliament, for an Act to make a Canal to the Coal Mines at Wednesbury, Willingsworth, Bradley, Bilston, and Darlaston, in the said County of Stafford, for the Purpose of better supplying the said Town and Neighbourhood of JValsall, and the Lime Mines there, together with the City of Litchfield, and other intermediate Places, with Coal more regularly, and upon more reasonable Terms, than they are now supplied; and that the Petitioners observe, that Application is making to the House, by the Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making an Extension of One of the Branches or Collateral Cuts of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations, from its present Termination near Broadwater, in the Parish of Wednesbury, in the County of Stafford, through the Liberty or Township of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, to the several Parishes of Wedneshury and Darlaston, to or near a Place called Bilston Bridge, in the Liberty or Township of Bilston, in the said Parish of JVolverhaiwith a Collateral Branch or Cut from such Extension, to or near a Bridge on the Turnpike Road leading from to JValsall, called County Bridge, and that, if the said proposed Extension or Collateral Branches shall 'be made, they will so encircle and circumscribe the said Mines as entirely to prevent the Town and Neighbourhood of Walsall, and the Lime Mjnes -there, from having any Canal Communication therewith, to the great Injury of the said Town and its Manufactories, and also will be detrimental to the laudable Spirit of Improvement in Agriculture by Lime Manure, which is now become of such general ‘Use in the Improvement And Cultivation of Land; and that-the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Company have already an immediate Communication by Water to the said Coal Mines, so as to convey the same to the Birmingham and other distant Markets: And therefore praying, that the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Termination of One of the Branches of the Birmingham and Birmingham and

Vol. 48.

Fofidcy Canal Nfavig*tion % Br<Hufio$er, in the Parish of Wetjnefiktpy, m tfoe Comaty of Sjcfford, t? or near a Place called Courtly ftridgq, in the said £ountyf ' and also for making a Collateral Cut of Canal from the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal,

at or near Winson Green, to, or near to, the Road lead* ing from Soho, to Littfi Hockley Pool, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, he brought

in.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Traders, Farmers, Petitions in' and others, in and near the Town of in the Favour of

County of Oxford: And also, . uilCT

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Canal. Bill.-

Traders, Manufacturers, Yeomen, and others, resting in or near the Parishes of Chaffont Saint feter, an$l Chalfont Saint Giles, in the County of Bucks: And also,

A Petition of several Gentlemen, TVfefchant

Traders, Farmers, and others, residing in and near the Town of Aylesbury, in the County of

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition is depending in thp House for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal, from the Cana},

at or near Hampton Gay, in the County of Oxford, to join the River Thames at or near Islmorlh, in the County of Middlesex, to be called The London and Western Canal: And praying, That the said Bill may'pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to tvhom Market Har-the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution borough an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh Year of ^on reported, the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, and render more effectual, Two " Acts, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign qi " King George the Firsthand the Nineteenth Year of " the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the " Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester-, and for repairing, widens " ing, turning, and altering the Road branching out " of the aforesaid Road at a Place called Filling Gate,

" to a Road called The Foss Road, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from. Melton Mawbray to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field,

" Leicester,"whose Names are thereunto subscribe^,

was referred: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Thomas Bourn being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money, great Part of which now remains due; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads 'kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term granted <by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof varied, enlarged, and rendered more effectual — -And the Witness added, that it is expedient that §ome of the Tolls should be varied and increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, and render

" more

308

1° Martii.

A. 1793.

Member added to bring in Covenham Inclosure Bill.

Covenlmm Inclosure Bill presented.

more effectual, Two Acts, passed in the Twelfth u Year of the Reign of King George the First, and " the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market *

" rough to Loughborough, in the county of,

" and for repairing, widening, turning, and altering " the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road at " a Place called Filling Gale, to a Road called The " Foss Road, and from thence to the Turnpike Road " leading from Melton Mowbray to the Guide Post in u Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester:" And that Mr. Pochin and Mr. Penn Assheton do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Henry Sapsford Harrold, William Chant, and others, Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the respective Parishes of Covenham Saint Bartholomew, and Covenham Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Covenham Saint Bartholomew, and Covenham Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; arid read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Considers- The Order of the Day being read, for taking into tionofReport further Consideration the Report which was made from Nays^rioa* t*,e Committee, to whom the Bill for making and main- Bill, &c. taining a Navigation from the Town of to

deferred. communicate with the River Nen, in or near the Town

of Northampton, and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation, was committed; and also, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands lying in or near to the Line of a proposed Navigation, from the Town of Leicester, to communicate with the River Ncn, in or near the Town of Northampton, was referred;

Ordered, That the said Reports be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

t

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Report of a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Common Report which, upon the 13th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Common Brewers of the City of London and Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to Pawn-continue, for a limited Time, an Act passed in the brokers Bill Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- tow'com^ jesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the mitte« of the " Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," is committed, be whole House, discharged from proceeding upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Cocks reported from the Committee, to whom Ledbury the Bill for enlarging the Term, and altering the Roads Bill Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year rcPorte<)-of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the " County, of Hereford, and the Road through the Parish of Bromesberrow, in the County of Gloucester,

" and Corse Lawn, till it joins the Road from Gloucester " to Worcester," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackbume presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for separating the Chapels of Chorley and Rufford from the Parish of Croston, in the County of Lancaster, and for making them Two distinct Parish Churches: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to separate the Chapels of Chorley and Rufford from the Parish of Croston presented.

Brewers

Petition.

Bethnal Green Paving Bill committed.

A Bill for paving and repairing certain Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Old Cock Lane and York Street as are in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Curtis, Mr. Mainwaring, c.: And they are to

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume be added to the Member Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring added to in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of j". Sir William Jerningham, Baronet, Sir Henry Bridgeman, ciosure Bill. Baronet, John Cotes, Esquire, George Forrester, Esquire,

Henry Beaufoy, Esquire, John Moultrie, Junior, Esquire,

Richard Beddoes, Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the several Open Common Fields, lying within the Parish of Idsal, otherwise in the County of Salop.

Mr. Blackbume presented to the House, according idsal Inclo-to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, allotting, and sure Bill exchanging, Five Open Common Fields, commonly Pre#cnted-called Shffnal Town Field, otherwise Pool Field, other-

wise Drayton Field, the Wyke Field, the Church Field, otherwise Haughton Field, Haughton Middle Field, otherwise Patnal Field, and the Upper Field, otherwise Nedge Field, in the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Farabam Thomas Baker, John Mamoaring, Robert Allen, Hop Planten liam Dowden, James Stevens, Junior, Chris. J>etit*on r*'

William Crump, Andrew Collyer, Thomas Buddie, Ro- commiUM. bert Trimmer, Andrew Bristow, Daniel Bristow, Senior,

Bristow

Swarkstone Canal Bill presented.

Petition in lavoar of the Application for Derby and Shardlow Canal Bill.

Petition from ilie Inhabitants of Dei by against ^varkstone Canal Bill.

33 Geo. III. 1° Marti!. 309

Bristow Bradley, William Shotler, Caleb Barker, Daniel Miles only, and from t>r near Shardlow to the Town Walden, Junior, Joseph Brown, Peter Edwards, Andrew of Nottingham, will be of more general Utility to the Merriott, Stephen Ccesar, Thotnas Knight, John Cullen, Town of Derby, and to the Public, and will be exe-John Hughes, John Marriner, Edward Bartholomew, cuted at much less Expence than the Three Canals first

William Meere, Benjamin Nichols, Henry Martin, Ann above mentioned: And therefore praying, That they

Allen, Henry Matthews, Alexander Gilbert, Elizabeth may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill Whittingliam, Daniel Bristow, Junior, Thomas Piper, for the said Three Canals, and that the same may not,

John Walter, John Longhurst, William Freeharry, Samuel pass.

Wakeley, John Page, George Alexander, William Tap- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the house, Charles Restall, George West, Thomas Cooper, Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a John Nowles, Elizabeth Mayo, Samuel Stevens, Mary Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at, or near, a Mamcaring, James Edwards, John Baker, James Nash, certain Place called Swai'kstone Bridge, to and through William Knight, and Anthony Williams, Inhabitants of, the Liberty of the Borough of Derby, to Eaton, and Hop Planters within, the Parish of Farnham, in with a Cut out of the said Canal in, or near, the said the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves and the Borough, to join the Erewash Canal, near rest of the Hop Planters within the said Parish which in the County of Derby, and for making and main-was presented to the House upon the 20th Day of taining Railways or Stone Roads from such Cut or February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, Canal to several Collieries in the Parishes of Denby, might be again read. Horsley, and Smalley, in the said County, be read a Se-

And the same being read accordingly; cond Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Pe-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- tition, if they think fit.

amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at shall appear to them, to the House: the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the

And it is referred to Mr. William Clement Finch, said Petition.

Lord William Russell, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speak- Sir John Morshead reported from the Committee, to Hamptonand ers Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, whom the Bill for continuing and amending an Act, Stainea Road Papers, and Records. passed in the Thirteenth-. Year of His present Majesty Bill reported.

King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amend-Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- " ing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road cording to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining, a " from the Guide Post, at the West End of the Town Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at, or near, a of Hampton, over Common, to the Town of certain Place called Swarkstone Bridge, to and through " Staines, in the County of Middlesex," was commit-the Liberty of the Borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, ted; That the Committee had examined the Allega-with a Cut out of the said Canal in Or near, the said tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Borough, to join the Erewash Canal near Sandiacre, in that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and the County of Derby, and for making and maintaining made several Amendments thereunto, which they had Railways or Stone Roads from such Cut or Canal to directed him to report to the House; and he read several Collieries in the Parishes of Denby, Horsley, and the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Smalley, in the said County: And the same was receiv- Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: ed; and read the First Time. Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. and then a Second Time, One by Ope; and, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trades- the House, men, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Derby, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented ingrosSed. to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that Application is intended to be A Bill for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering Paddington made to Parliament, in the present Session, for a Bill more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Church B|1' to make a Navigable Canal from the said Town of Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, conun, tte Derby, to the Trent and Mersey Canal, at or near Shard- " An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Pad-low, in the said County of Derby, and from or near " dington, in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarg-

Shardlow aforesaid, to the Nottingham Canal, at or near " ing the Church Yard of the said Parish," was read a

the Town of Nottingham: And praying, That the said Second Time.

Bill may pass into a Law. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Morshead, Mr. Mainwaring, &c.: And they are to

Table. meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Derby, whose A Bill for taking down and re-building the Tower I Ian bury

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the of the Parish Church of Hanbury, in the County of Church Bill

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Worcester, and for repairing the said Church, and ren- com, nltted-are informed that Application is intended to be made dering the same more commodious for the Parishioners, to Parliament, in the present Session, for a Bill to make was read a Second Time.

a Navigable Canal from the Town of Derby, into and Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon,

through the Trent and Mersey Canal, to the River Trent, Mr . HenrHobart, &c.: And they are to meet this

near to Swarkstone, in the County of Derby, and an- Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

other Navigable Canal from the said Town of Derby, Chamber.

to the Erewash Canal, which falls into the said River

Trent about Two Miles below Shardlow, in the said Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported King's County, and another Navigable Canal from Derby from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Nort<m aforesaid, to, or near to, a Place called Denby, in the and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Worcester said County; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion, and Birmingham Canal Navigation, in the Parish of c^lai Bi°U that a Canal from the said Town of Derby, to the Trent King's Norton, into the Borough of Stratford upon , reported, and Mersey Canal at Shardlow, in Length about Six and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Vox.. 48. 4K Canal,

Hock war dine and Shrewsbury Canal Bill committed*

Halifax Road Bill committed.

IJttoxeter, Stoke, &c. Roads Bill reported.

Leeds Coals Bill committed

S10 i — 2° Martii A. 1793.

Canal, wbs committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once rtad throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the North End of the Shropshire Canal, in the Township of Roclewardine Wood, in the County of Salop, to the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Kynaston,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as relates to the First District of the Roads mentioned in the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Thomas Mr. Jacques's Jacques, of Leeds, in the County of York, Esquire, which was Yesterday presented to the House, and then or- counsel* dered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read ordered, a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for naturalizing Francois Mark, Philip Co- More's, Co-

lomb, Louus Gruaz, and John Amick, was read a Second

rp. ' ' Nat. Bill

1 ,me* . committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. berforce, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole det®rr<-‘d‘ House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mvans House, to consider further of Ways and Means for de, erred* raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, «altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Uttoxeter to the Westwardly Part of dnvick Heath, and for setting out and making a new Road from thence to Stoke, near Stone, and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Village of Millwich to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, was committed.

Mr. Wilberforce accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sabbati, 2* die Martii;

Anno 33° Georgii III,a Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

THE Trial of the Impeachment against Warren Trial of Mr. Hastings, Esquird, being over for this Day; Hastings.

Mr. Speaker being informed that there was a Message from the Lords, respecting the Time at which the Lords will proceed further in the said Trial, took the Chair, according to the Order of Yesterday, although there was but One Member present, and directed the Messengers to be called in.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and The Lort)3 Mr. Pepys: will proceed

Mr. Speaker, on nth,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this April on Mr. House, That their Lordships will proceed further in Tria]!"^ s the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Friday, the 12th Day of April next, at Ten of the Clock in the Mofning, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put; till Monday Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

J

Zernitz

sworn*

Lanvabon, &c. Road Bill passed*

Ledbury Roads Bill passed*

Little Bowden and Rockingham Road Bill presented.

BkdfordCha-rity Petition reported.

33 Geo. III. 46 Martii. 311

Luna, 4* Martii;

Anno 33* Georgii III*" Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

JfRED ERIC Cyriac Zernitz took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill for opening and making a new Road from the Turnpike Road at Craig Evan in the Parish of Larroabon, to the Confines of the Parish of Ystradyvoduck, near Abemantin the County of Glamorgan, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for opening and making a new Road from the Turnpike Road at Craig Evan ,in the

Parish of Larroabon, to the Confines of the Parish of Ystradyvoduck, near Abern in the County of Glamorgan.

Ordered, that Sir Charles Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for ertlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from " bury, in the County of Hereford, and the Road " through the Parish of Brom in the County " of Gloucester, and Corse Lawn, till it joins the Road " from Gloucester to Worcester, " was read the Third Time.

Resotoed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for more effectually repairitig several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the " County of Hereford, and the Road through the Parish' of Bromesberrow, in the County of Gloucester,

" and Corse Lawn, till it joins the Road from Gloucester

" to Worcester."

Ordered, That Mr. Cocks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Dickins presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Foot of a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, commonly called Saint Mary's Bridge, to the West Side of the Toll Bar at the North End of the j Town of Rockingham, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Colhoun reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of Bedford, and also of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William Haipu Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Vo l. 48i

Mr. John Heaven being examined, said, That he has

known the Bedford Charity upwards of Forty Years, and has been Receiver of the Estates upwards of She Years; that the Charity is managed, and the Rents applied, under the Directions of the Act of the Fourth of His present Majesty; that the present Revenue of the Charity is 2,917/. 17 s.That at Midsummer next, about Seventy Leased now affecting the Charity Estate will expire; and at Lady Day 1794, Twelve or Thirteen other Leases will expire.

That by the Direction of the Trustees in November last, he caused the Estates to be advertised to be let upon repairing Leases, to commence at Midsummer next, and employed a Surveyor to survey the Premisses, and specify the Repairs necessary to be done to each House, and to estimate the probable Expence of the same, which was done, and entered in a Book, and deposited at his Office for Inspection; that he then advertised the same for Four Weeks, and Proposals were accordingly sent in; that the Houses were to be let separately, and no Fines to be taken, and that from the Proposals delivered; the probable Increase of the Revenue will be between Eight and Nine hundred Pounds per Annum.

That the present Act is insufficient for the well governing, regulating, and applying of the said Charity, and that it will be proper and expedient to extend and enlarge the Uses and Purposes to which the Income of the said Estate is, by the said Act, directed to be applied; but to enable the Trustees to do this a new Act is necessary; and that amongst the Regulations which are essential, the following present themselves as very material:

Under the present Act, no Person can be elected a Trustee, unless he has served the Office of Overseer; this has been found to operate to the Disadvantage of the C.harity, by Persons being elected who were unfit in point of Property and Station; the Necessity and Utility therefore of a more reputable Description of Inhabitants seems to be obvious; and that he conceives, that before any Trustee enters upon the Office of Trustee, that he should take an Oath, honestly, faithfully, and duly to serve the same. Under the present Act, any Person who holds a Place of Office or Profit under the Charity, or whose Child is bound out Apprentice with the Charity Money, may be elected a Trustee; it is therefore necessary that some Regulation should be made in this Particular, since no one can deny that the Dispensers of the Charity should not be the Participants of it: As the Act now stands, sufficient Notice is not given of the Election of a Trustee in Case of a Vacancy; besides the Notices given in Church after Divine Service, Notice should be alsd stuck on every Church Door in Bedford, and it should be pfoclaimea throughout the Town Two Days before every such Election.

That it will be an Incitement to Attention and Diligence in the Masters of the Charity Schools, who are appointed "by New College, Oxford, if they were to be allowed an Annual Sum for each Boy, exclusive of their Salaries: And it would be a very useful and praise-worthy Application of the Charity, if the Trustees granted Exhibitions for Scholars going to the University; and if Visitors were Annually appointed by New College, to examine the Boys, and Conduct of the Masters, neither of which Articles are provided for by the present Act. That the allowing Maid Servants to be Partakers of the Marriage Portions has been found productive of much Hurt to the Charity, by bringing into Bedford a great Number of Poof Girls from the adjacent Towns and Villages, to offer themselves as Servants at low Wages, ill order to gairi Settlements in the Town of Bedford, with a View of obtaining a Marriage Portion, which has experimentally tended to the Disadvantage of the Charity, and of the several Parishes in Bedford, and has very considerably

increased

Sevenoakes, Tunbridge . Wells, &c. Roads Petition reported,

4° Mctrti

A. 1793,

increased the Poors Rates there. The Poor Girls of the Town are by these Means also prevented from

fitting Places: — The Savings gained by abolishing larriage Portions might be applied to more useful Purposes.

The Hospital for the Support and Maintenance of the Poor Children, until fit to be bound out Apprentice, is admitted to be One of the most humane and useful Objects of the Charity, but the Sum allotted to this Object is very inadequate to the Purpose, and an additional Sum is proper to be applied, to this Institution.

That, by the present Act, a Trustee is not restricted from having any Contract for Building; such a Restriction is material, and will much tend to the Advantage of the Charity.

Mr. Dixie Gregory being examined, said, That Steps have been taken to apprize the Parties of the Plan and Nature of the proposed Bill for the better Regulation of the Charity. The Head Master, Mr. , has

informed New College of it, and a Plan thereof has been laid before them.

Mr. ----- ---- Gotobed confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Gregory, that the Plan had been communicated to all Parties interested, and generally approved of.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the " Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of " the Estates given by Sir William Knight,

" and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the " Poor, and other Objects of Charity, of the Town " of Bedfordand for the better Management and

Disposition of the said Estates, and the Rents and Profits thereof;

The House divided.

The Yeas weut lorth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f^!1'

' |_Mr.

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Whitbread, Se-

50.

t.

mor,

Mr. Alderman Curtis:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Colhoun and the Earl of Upper Ossory do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Gipps reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Trustees under certain Acts, for repairing several Roads thereafter mentioned, and of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Farmers, and Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Sevenoakes, Tunbridge, Pcmbury, and Brenchley, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that- the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual " so much of Three Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Roads from Sevenoakes, Tunbridge Wells, and " Kipping's Cross to Lamberliurst Pound, and Pullen's 11 Hill, in the County of Kent, and to " in the County of Sussex, as relates to the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common to " bridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County " of Kent"was read: And,

Mr. Thomas Swain being examined, said. That a large Sum of Money hath been expended in amending the Road from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate,

Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County, anti a large Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the Said Act, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts, so far as relate to the said Road, are continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

That the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate, in the Parish of Tunbridge, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing, amending,

" and rendering more effectual so much of Three " Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from " Sevenoakes, Tunbridge Wells, and to

" Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the County " of Kent, and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of " Sussex, as relates to the Road leading from "oakes Common to JFoods gate, Tunbridge Wells, and " Kipping's Cross, in the said County of Kent," so far as the said Act relates to the Road from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Ci'oss, and i for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Tunbridge to Woodsgate aforesaid: And that Mr. Gipps, Sir Edward Knatclibull, and Mr.. Honyzvood, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Clergy, Gentlemen, Yeomen, Petition principal Landholders, Farmers, and Tradesmen, against the whose Names are thereunder signed, was presented ^M^dstone to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petit- an(j Ashford tion hath lately been presented to the House for Road Bill. Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Turnpike Road from Maidstone to Ashford, in the County of Kent-, and that the Notice of the Application to Parliament for making such Turnpike Road, as affixed to the Door of the Sessions House where the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County are held, and as printed in the County Newspapers, does not describe all the Parishes through which the said Road passes, or is intended to pass, the Names of Two of the Parishes, Bromfidd and Witchbeing omitted, contrary to an express Standing Order of the House directing such Notice; and that the Estimate of the Expence of the Undertaking annexed to such Petition for the said Turnpike Road is not, as the Petitioners are informed, made or signed by any Person or Persons regularly brought up to the Profession of Surveying or Road-making; that such Estimate is made on a low Scale, and is not a proper Statement, nor conveys the necessary Information to the House, but is an Infringement on the Spirit and true Meaning of another Standing Order of the House, requiring an Estimate and Subscription; and the Petitioners are warranted in making this Inference from the Circumstance of Mr. Collis, a regular professional Surveyor of acknowledged Abilities and Experience in Road-making, and employed originally by the Promoters of the said Turnpike Road, to survey, and estimate the same, having delivered unto his said Employers a much higher Estimate of the Expences of making the Road, Which Estimate is suppressed, or at least not produced by them to the House, nor any Subscription made answerable thereto; and that a good and effectual Turnpike Road from Maidstone to Ashford cannot be made without great Expence, there being no proper Materials within convenient Distances of several Parts of the said Road, and the Traffic and Intercourse between Maidstone and Ashford haying ever been very inconsiderable, there is every

oG , Reason

Whitstable Oyster Fishery Bill presented.

Mr. Meet-kerke's Petition against Shipton and IsWorlh Canal Bill*

33 Geo. III. 4° Martil

Reason to fear the Tolls will not be productive, which- nals, have been presented to the House, hnd ohe Peis notoriously the Case with several other Turnpike tition hath also been -presented to the House, praying Roads in the Neighbourhood, by which the Public that a Junction might be formed between the said 1'wo are oppressed and saddled with heavy and permanent intended Canals, at or near in the County

Charges, without any Benefit, the Toll Gates being of Buckingham, and from thence to be Catried in One continued merely for the Purpose of paying the Yearly Line into the River Thames'; and that the Petitioner Interest of the Monies borrowed, and no Part of the is apprehensive his Estate, so in Settlement as afore-Tolls, or an inconsiderable Portion thereof, allotted said, will, in case the said Bill for the projected Canal to repair tire said Roads, which still remain incom- from to should pass into a Law, or

modious, neglected, and almost impassable; and that the same should be joined to the said Canal, to be the said Turnpike Road in particular will be very in- called The Grand Junction Canal, and thereby pass into jurious to the Country, on account of the many Side, a Law, be very materially injured and lessened in its Parallel, and Cross Roads in the intermediate Parishes Annual Value, as well by the Tolls and Duties being-between Maidstone and Ashford, whereby the Toll diminished, as by the Trade of his Mills being re-Gates may be avoided, unless they are very numerous, duced, the said projected Canal, to be called The and placed so as, to intercept such Travellers as, by. London and Western Canal, being proposed to commerely crossing or going a small Distance on' the said i mence at a Place but a few- Miles distant from the.

Turnpike Road, can receive no Benefit therefrom: Petitioner's said Estate at and will, if carried

And therefore praying/That the said Bill for, making into execution, as the Petitioner conceives, be the a Turnpike Road from Maidstone to Ashford may not Means of Goods and Merchandize being transported pass into, a Law; and that the Petitioners may be from the paid Oxford Canal to London, by that Line of heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the Communication, which would otherwise be transported same. by the Navigation of the River Thames and and

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the thereby be liable to pay a Duty to the Petitioner;

Table, until the Report be received from the Com- and that the Petitioner doth not pretend to oppose his mittee to whom the Report is re-committed which Individual Interest to the Public Good, if, on a full was made from the Committee to whom the Petition and impartial Investigation, such shall appear to be of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto the Result, but only hopes that his said Estate may subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates in . not be injured or lessened in its Value, without his the County of Kent, was referred. receiving a full and complete Satisfaction or Recotn-

pence for the same: And therefore praying the House Mr. Gipps presented to the House, according to to take under their Consideration the Loss and Da-Order, a Bill for incorporating the Company of Free mage to which the Petitioner's Property must be ex-Fishers and Dredgers of Whitstable, in the County of posed, if the Bill for the Canal, to be called The Kent, and for the better ordering and Government of London and Western Canal, should pass into a Law, the Fishery: And the same was received; and read either in its present intended Line, or by its being the First Time. united to the said Canal, to be called The Grand

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Junction Canal, at aforesaid, or elsewhere,

and that, in either case, such Clauses may be intro-A Petition of Adolphus Meetkerke, of Julians, in the duced into the said Bills, or either of them, as may County of Her ford, Esquire, was presented to the effectually secure to the Petitioner such Compensation,

House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner Satisfaction, or Recompence, as Justice shall require, is Owner or Proprietor of a certain Estate at Sutton, and as to the House shall seem meet; and that he in the County of Berks, consisting of, inter alia, cer- may be allowed to produce Witnesses,- be heard by tain Corn and Paper Mills, and of certain Tolls or Counsel if necessary, and offer his Objections to the Duties collected and received for Barges, and other said Bill.

Boats and Vessels, passing and re-passing upon the Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Navigation, called The River Thames and Isis Navi- Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a gation, which produces to the Petitioner an Annual Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Oxford Canal Income, after deducting all incidental Charges and Navigation, within the Parish of Shipton, in the County Outgoings, of about f 226 per Annum; and that the of Oxford, to join and communicate with the River said Estate, comprising, inter alia, the said Tolls or Thames, at or near Islesworth, in the County of Middle-Duties, was settled, on the Petitioner's Marriage with sex, be read a Second Time, his now Wife, to her Use and Benefit, and the Petitioner hath lately expended several very considerable A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petition Sums of Money in the Improvement of the same are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees of the Stow- against Ips-Estate, and the Petitioner is likewise Owner or Pro- market Navigation, and Creditors on the Rates to he gljj1* Pftvin® prietor of a certain other . Estate at Shipston, in the collected thereon, was presented to the House, and County of Oxford; apd that the Petitioner hath ob- read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving, lighting, served" that a Bill is depending before the House, for cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Town of making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and for removing out of the Oxford Canal Navigation, at a certain Place and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and within the Parish of Shipston aforesaid, on the said Annoyances therein; and Setting forth, That there Estate of the Petitioner there, through the interior are several Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill,

Parts of the Counties of Oxford, Buckingham, and which, if the same should pass into a Law, will mate-Middlesex, to join and communicate with the River rially affect the Interests of the Petitioners: And Thames, at or near Isleworth, in the said County of therefore praying, That they may be heard, by them-Middlesex, to be called The London and Western Canal, selves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of and that another Bill is likewise depending in the the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may House, for forming a Navigable Canal from Braunston, not Pass into a Law as it now stands, in the County of Northampton, to the River Thames, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the at New Brentford, in the said County of Middlesex, to Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill -be called The Grand Junction Canal; and that the is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by Petitioner hath been informed that divers Petitions, as themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the well in Favour of, as against, the said projected Ca,- sftid Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Vol. 48. 4 -L Ordered,

4°' Marl'ii.

A. 1793.

Ordered, That it be on Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Petition in A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trades-favuur of the men, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of York, Appheation *53 presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, wd Barnsley That the Petitioners are informed Application is in-Canal. tended to be made in the present Session of Parliament, for an Act for making a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Colder, below to and above

Barnsley, in the West Riding of the County of York: And praying, That the Bill for that Purpose may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition against the Bill to extend the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazely Canal Navigations.

A Petition of the Ironmongers, Factors, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Borough and Foreign of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, and the Neighbourhood thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the greater Part of the Petitioners are settled in the said Borough and Foreign of Walsall, and its Neighbourhood, and get their Living by manufacturing Iron, Steel, Copper, Brass, and other Metals, into Buckles, Chapes, Bridle Bits, Stirrups, Coach Furniture, Nails, and other heavy Articles, the Demand for which hath been increasing for many Years past, and the same are now arrived at such a Degree of Perfection and Extent, as to become an Object of great Concern to the Commerce and Wealth of this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners are informed, an Application is making to the House, by the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Faxeley Canal Navigations, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making an Extension of One of the Branches or Collateral Cuts of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Faxeley Canal Navigations, from its present Termination near Broadwater, in the Parish of in the County of Stafford, through the Liberty or Township of Bilston, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, to the several Parishes of Wednesbury and Darlasttm, to or near a Place called Bilston Bridge, in the Liberty or Township of Bilston, in the said Parish of Wolverhampton, with a Collateral Branch or Cut from such Extension, to or near a Bridge on the Turnpike Road leading from Willenhall to Walsall, called County Bridge', and, the Petitioners beg Leave to observe, that the said Company of Proprietors have, by virtue of various Acts of Parliament, already made a Number of Extensions and Collateral Branches, from the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Faxeley Canal, to and through the Coal Mines in the Neighbourhood of Bilston, Wednesbury, Bradley, Willingsuorth, Tipton, and Darlaston, in the said County of Stafford, by which they are now enabled to take and convey the same to the Birmingham and other Markets, without the projected Extension to Bilston Bridge and County Bridge, in their said Petition named, and to have them at a cheaper Rate than the Petitioners in the Neighbourhood of the said Mines; and representing to the House, that, in consequence of the advanced Price of Coal, and the great Increase of the Petitioners said Manufactories, and having, at present, no Communication by Water to the said Coal Mines, and heavily experiencing the great Expence of Land Carriage, they, together with the City of the principal

Mine Owners, and other Persons, intend to apply to the House, in the next Session of Parliament, for an Act to make and maintain a Navigable Canal to communicate with the said Coal Mines, which the Petitioner will be prevented from doing, if the said Extension is permitted to be made, by reason it will encircle the said Mines in such a Manner, that neither the Petitioners, nor any part of the Country on the North-East Side of the said proposed Extensions, can get at, or have a Canal Communication, to the said Mines, without intersecting or crossing the said proposed Branches or Extensions, whereby they will be deprived of their equal Right of ]participating in so necessary and essential an Article in their said Manufactories as Coal by W ater Carriage, and, at the same Time, the Petitioners beg Leave to repeat, that the Birmingham Canal Company, having already a Communication with the said Mines sufficient to convey the same to Birmingham, as aforesaid, the proposed Extensions, therefore, are most certainly a Scheme to encircle and circumscribe the said Mines, and thereby prevent the Petitioners from having a Canal Communication therewith, which will be of essential Advantage to the populous manufacturing Town and Neighbourhood of Walsall, and to the Lime Mines there, as also to the City of Litchfield, and the intermediate Places, by affording them a regular Supply of Coals at a more reasonable Price than they are now supplied, and also rendering the Carriage of their heavy manufactured Goods and Merchandize less expensive, and will be of great Public Utility; and that the said intended Extensions terminate at uninhabited Places between Walsall and the said Coal Mines, and the said County Bridge is not more than Two Miles from Walsall, therefore, it evidently appears from such Terminations, that the same can answer no other Purpose than as hereinbefore stated by the Petitioners, who rely on the House for Protection against die unbounded Spirit of Monopoly and Aggrandizement attempted by the said proposed Extensions of the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Faxeley Canal, and that the said Coal Mines, the fundamental Support of their Manufactures, may be preserved and secured against such partial interested Views: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Farmers, of the Borough and Foreign of Walsall, and of Rushall, Aldridge, Barr, Pelsall, Stonnall, and Shenstone, and of Mine Owners, in the County of Stafford, was also presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will prevent any Canal Communication from those Parts of the County of Stafford to the Coal Mines at Wednesbury, Willingmorth, Bradley, Bilston-, and Darlaston, in the said County, and will be of great Public Injury, by circumscribing the said Coal Mines from the Lime Mines at Walsall and Rushall, from which the Petitioners, and a very considerable Part of the County of Stafford, and some Part of the County of Warwick, are supplied with that excellent Manure, which has been lately raised in Price from the great Expence of Land Carriage of Coals from the said Mines to burn the Limestone, and is become an Object of serious Concern to the Spirit of Improvement in Agriculture, so essential to the Wealth and Prosperity, of this Kingdom; and that, from the numerous Canals and Collateral Branches already made and extended by the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Faxeley Canal Company, into and from the said County of Stafford, such amazing Quantities of Coal are navigated from the said Mines into the said County of Warwick, and other Foreign Markets, as to injure the Advantage of the Petitioners local Situation in the Neighbourhood thereof, by making a Scarcity, and raising the Price in such a Manner as to make it become immediately necessary to apply to the House for Power to make a Canal Conveyance of the 9 said

Petition against the Bill to extend the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations.

S3' Geo. III. 4* Marin*

315

said Mines instead of the' expensive Mode of Land Carriage; and that the proposed Extensions can be for no other Purpose than monopolizing the said Mines to the said Birmingham Canal Company, and preventing the greater Part of the said County of Stafford from having a Canal Communication therewith, and the Owners of Estates, Mines, and Property, on the North East Side of the County of Stafford, and Part of the County of Warwick, and the Farmers and Tenants thereof, will be greatly injured by the said proposed Extensions of the said and Birmingham

and Fazeley Canal: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Termination of One of the Branches of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Canal

Navigations; near Broadwater, in the Parish of Wedneshury, in the County of Stafford, to or near a Place called County Bridge, in the said County, and also for making a Collateral Cut or Canal from the said Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal, at or near,

to, or near to, the Road leading from Soho, to Little Hockley Fool, in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, be brought in.

Utioxeter, An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Uttoxeter ymtd. to the Westwardly Part of Heath, and for

setting out and making a new Road from thence to Stoke, near Stone, and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Tillage of MUlwich to Sandon, in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do passAnd that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Uttoxeter to the Westwardly Part of Hardiwick Heath, and for setting out and making a new Road from thence to Stoke, near Stone, and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Village of Millzvich to Sandon, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

LMd* and a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the

CMw^Navi- Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the gation Bill Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a fur-committed. ther Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. lume, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Little Tew Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Or-^er> a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Little Tew, in the Parish of Great Tew, in the County of Otford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Milcomb Mr. Page presented to the House, according to Or-pre$ented.BlU der, a . Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Milcomb, in the Parish of Bloxham, in the County of Osfford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill.be read a Second Time Yon. 48.'

A Petition of the Presiderit and Scholars of the Petition from College of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the University Sn Mary of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting, forth, That, by an Act, passed in the provision in Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present the Bating- Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the *t°j" Ca"^ Town of Basingstoke, in the County of *

to communicate with the River in the Parish

of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and to the South East Side of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Turgiss, in the said County of the Commissioners therein named are directed to make Compensation to the Owners and Proprietors of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Waters, Watercourses, Brooks, or Rivers respectively, as should be taken, used, removed, diverted, or prejudiced, foe all Damages to be by them sustained, in or by the execution of all or any of the Powers of the said Act j and that, at the Time of putting the said Act into execution, divers Doubts and Difficulties arose in the Minds of the said Commissioners, how far they were authorized, under the Powers and Authorities of the said Act, to make Compensation to the stud President and Scholars as Owners and Proprietors of Tythes arising, issuing, and growing due out of, and from, the said Lands and Grounds through which the said Canal runs, and no Compensation was or has been since made by the said Commissioners to the said President and Scholars, as such Owners and Proprietors, and by such Determination and Decision the said President and Scholars, as such Owners and Proprietors, are injured to a very considerable Amount; and that by the said Act a certain Day was appointed for an Appeal to the General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for all Persons thinking themselves aggrieved by the Order or Judgment of the Commissioners, but which elapsed, without any Appeal being made, by the Neglect of the Lessee of the said President and Scholars, and the Petitioners are informed that a Bill ia depending, in the House for the Purpose of more effectually carrying into execution the said Act, and they are wholly remediless in the Premises, without the Aid and Assistance of the House: And therefore praying. That the House (taking into Consideration the extreme Hardship to which the Petitioners are reduced) will cause to be inserted, in the Bill now before the House, a Clause directing the Commissioners, appointed under, the before-mentioned Act, to make full Recoco pence and Satisfaction for all the Tythes, both great and small, of the Lands, which have been taken or made use of by them, for tb«

Purposes of the said Act, and such further Remedy and Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be refened to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for effectually carrying into execution, an Act of Parliament, of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southamp* ton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and to the South East Side of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Turgiss, in the said County of Southampton, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Mr. Kynastan reported fi'om the Committee, to whom Moil's, Co« the Bill for naturalizing Francois Mori, Philip Colomh, lomb'a, Ac. Louys Gruaz, and John Amick, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of re*K) the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to

316

4° Martii.

a. m3.

Blackburn ana Burs-

the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing the Road Road Bill* ^rom Blackburn to Bursc Bridge, in the County of reported. Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Robin's Nat. Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Bill reported, whom the Bill for naturalizing Peter Lewis Robin, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ladbroke's Estate Bill reported and passed.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates of Robert Ladbroke, Esquire, in the Counties of Warwick and Northampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand limited, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had

fiven their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates in the several Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, lode, Holbech, and Gedney, in the County of Lincoln, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Lord Boston, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, Proprietors of Estates within the Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, and Gedney, in the County of Lincoln, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Risely Tndo- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the ure Bill Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of

Risely, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass f And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Risely, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Henty Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Amyatt presented to the House, according to southamp* Order, a Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers ton Church of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign Present' of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for taking e *

" down and re-building the Parish Church of All " Saints, within the Town and County of the Town " of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the " Purpose of a Church Yard for the Use of the said " ParishAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, ac- Newcastle cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Terms and under Lyne, Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in Ra*j0pA^,c' the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, presented, for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle undat Lyne to Hassop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton, and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the County of Stafford, and the other passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for amending several other Roads therein described: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lords have agreed to

Wakefield and Halifax Road Bill.

Additional Petition for Spalding, Moulton, &c. Embankment and Drainage, referred.

Bill to provide for the Families of Militia Men.

passed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending, certains Acts of the Fourteenth and Thirtieth Years of King George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the Road from the North End of Wakefield Bridge to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom, and of Substitutes serving the rein, and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the " Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England," without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, a Place called The Saltisford, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough of Warwick, unto, or near to, the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to terminate at, or near to, a certain Navigable Canal, in, or near to, the Town of Birmingham, called The Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations', with some Amendments'; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Pochin presented to the House, according to Grantham Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Bill Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of Grantham, Presente<i' in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, near

Nottingham,

Warwick and Birmingham Canal Bill, with Amendments*

Report on Leicester Navigation Bill, further considered, and Bill recommitted*

Wirksworth Hoad Bill presented.

Resolutions on considering Report on Common Brewers Petition reported.

33 Geo. III. 4° Marin.

317

Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut Price than Eleven Shillings per Barrel, without the from the said intended Canal, at or near Cropwell same being Ijable to any greater Duty than by the Butler, to the Town of Bingham, both in the County said Act is-imposed on Table Beer brewed for Sale at of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read Eleven Shillings per Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of the First Time. Excise.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into agreed to by the House, further Consideration the Report which was made from Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon thd the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and main- said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Curtis and taining a Navigation from the Town of Leicester, to Sir. Watkin Lewes do prepare* and bring in, the communicate with the River Nen, in or near the Town same, of Northampton, and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation, was committed; and also, the Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Saddleworth

Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Road from, or |nd 1 ilo*8°P

the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are nearly from, French Top, in the Parish of Saddleworth, re*

thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of in the West Riding of the County of York, to

Lands lying in or near to the Line of a proposed Navi- houses, in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of

gation, from the Town of Leicester, to communicate and for repairing and altering the Road leading from,

with the River Nen, in or near the Town of Northamp- or nearly from, a Close called Copley Meadow, in

ton, was referred, be now read. to, or near to, Stayley Bridge, in the County of Chester,

And the said Order was read accordingly. was committed; That the Committee had examined the

And the House being informed* that the several Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Persons, Owners, and Occupiers of Lands, lying in and and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and near to the Line of the said Navigation, who petitioned made several Amendments thereunto, which they had this House upon the 18th Day of February last, pray- directed him to report to the House; and he read the ing to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, declined being heard, by their Counsel, against the with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where said Bill; the Amendments were Once read throughout; and

And the House being also informed, that several then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the other Amendments are necessary to be made to the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by said Bill; the House.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. _ Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the ingrossed.

Committee to whom the same was committed.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Brassington, at, or near to, a Place ctuled The Cross in the Hand, on Hul-land Ward, and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at, or near to; a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Curtis do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which, upon the 13th Day of February last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Common Brewers of the City of London and Parts adjacent* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Mr. Alderman Curtis accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as is expressed to be for the Purpose of promoting the Brewing of good Table Beer, has been proved, from the great Advance in Price on the Articles of Malt and Hops, as well as on the other constituent Parts of the Capital of a Common Brewer, to be inadequate to the intended Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient, in order to answer the Purpose of the said Act, that the Common Brewer should be permitted to brew for Sale Tabic Beer, at a higher Vol. 48.

Sir Charles Bunbury reported from the Committee, stowmarket to whom the Bill for effectually carrying into execution and Ipswich an Act of Parliament, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for msiking and maintaining a Navigable Bl reporte Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut LochGilp or Canal from Loch Gilp to Loch Ctinan, in the Shire and I-0'11 . of Argyll, was read a Second Time. Tninan Cl"t.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Fre- ted# com 1' derick Campbell, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Richard Lde, of Leeds, in the County Mr. Lee's Pc. of York, Esquire, was presented to the House, and tition against read; Taking Notice of the Bill for amending and en- Leeds Coals larging the Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Ul*1‘ Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals; and Setting forth.

That the Petitioner is Owner of a certain Field or Close, used as a Waggon Way, through or over which the Coals brought to the said Town of Leeds are conveyed, and the Petitioner's Property will receive material Injury, if the said Bill should pass into a Law:

And therefore praying, That he may Reheard, by himself,

4 M or

Petition in Favour of ihfc Application for Derby and Shardlow Canal Bill.

Stewart's Divorce Bill committed.

Excuses for Non-attendance of Members considered.

Members

excused.

318 4° Mar til, . 1793.

or his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as will O, That Sir James Johnstone, Baronet, be ex- Members affect the said Property of the Petitioner, and that the cused from such Attendance as aforesaid, on account of excused. Petitioner may receive such Relief therein, aa to the the ill State of his Health.

House shall seem meet. OThat Andrew Stuart, Esquire, be excused Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the from such Attendance as aforesaid, on account of the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill recent Death of a very near Relation, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by him- Ordered, That Richard Esquire, be excused

self, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his from such Attendance as aforesaid, on account of the Petition, if he thinks fit Necessity he is under to go immediately to Ireland, to

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- be examined as a material Witness in a Cause to be mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be beard, at tried there.

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the Ordered, That the Marquis of Lome be excused said Petition. from such Attendance as aforesaid, he being appointed

to the Command of a Fencible Regiment in A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, land. and other Inhabitants of the Town of Northampton, Ordered, That John Tempest, Esquire, be excused whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented from such Attendance as aforesaid, on account of the to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pe- recent Death of a very near Relation, titioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depend- Ordered, That Sir James Long, Baronet, be

ing for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of excused from such Attendance as aforesaid, on account Derby to the Trent and Mersey Canal at Shardlow, of the ill State of his Health.

in the County of Derby, and from thence to the Ordered, That the Earl of Lisburne be excused from Nottingham Canal, near to the Town of Nottingham: Such Attendance as aforesaid, ot account of the ill State And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a of his Health.

Law. Ordered, That Lewis Alexander Grant, Esquire, be

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the excused from such Attendance as aforesaid, on accoun Table. of the ill State of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Lawley, Baronet, be ex-An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act cused from such Attendance as aforesaid, on account of to dissolve the Marriage of Alexander Stewart, Esquire, the ill State of his Health.

with Elizabeth Leigh, his now Wife, and to enable Ordered, That the Right honourable William Gerard, him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein Hamilton be excused from such Attendance as aforesaid,

mentioned, was read a Second Time. on account of the ill State of his Health.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Ordered, That the Honourable Henry Fane be ex-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee cused from such Attendance as aforesaid, on account of the w'hole House. of his being in Ireland on the Public Service.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ordered, That the Right honourable Thomas Orde Sevennight, the 13th Day of this Instant March, resolve be excused from such Attendance as aforesaid, on itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the account of the recent Death of a very near Rela-said Bill. tion.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Ordered, That Robert Watkin Wynne, Esquire, be mittee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Wit- excused froni such Attendance as aforesaid, on ac-ncsses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear count of his own Illness, and of Illness in his Fa-Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, mily.

if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, Ordered, That Sir Charles Ross, Baronet, be excused or produce Witnesses. from such Attendance as aforesaid, he being a Lieu-

n tenant Colonel in the Army, under Orders for Foreign

The House, according to Order, proceeded to Service, receive and consider of the Excuses which may be Ordered, That John Lee, Esquire, be excused from offered for the Non-attendance of any Member, on such Attendance as aforesaid, on account of the ill the Appointment of certain Select Committees, for State of his Health.

the Trial of contested Elections, on the 7th and 12th Ordered, That the Right honourable Robert Hobart Days of this Instant March} or on the Call of the be excused from such Attendance as aforesaid, on House. account of his being in Ireland on the Public Ser-

Ordered, That Sir Frederick Fletcher Vane, Baronet, vice, be excused from his Attendance on the Call of the Ordered, That Sir James St. Clair Erskine, Baronet,

House, now ordered for Wednesday next, and on be excused from such Attendance as aforesaid, on the Appointment of Select Committees for trying account of his being in Ireland on the Public Ser-contested Elections, on the 7th and 12th Days of this vice.

Instant March, on Account of the ill State of his Ordered, That Richard Beckford, Esquire, be ex-Ilealth. cused from such Attendance as aforesaid, on account of

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Williams, Baronet, be ex- the ill State of his Health, cused from such Attendance as aforesaid, on account of Ordered, That Colonel Tarleton be excused from the ill State of his Health. such Attendance as aforesaid, on account of die ill

Ordered, That Sir Richard Sutton, Baronet, be ex- State of his Health, cused from such Attendance as aforesaid, on account of Ordered, That John Wharton, Esquire, be excused the ill State of his Health. from such Attendance as aforesaid, on account of the

Ordered, That the Honourable George Talbot Rice ill State of his Health, be excused from such Attendance as aforesaid, on ac- Ordered, That Sir James Grant, Baronet, be excused count of the dangerous Illness of a very near Rela- from such Attendance as aforesaid, he being ap-tion, whom he is obliged to attend in the Coun- pointed to the Command of a Fencible Regiment in try. Scotland.

Ordered, That William Pulteney, Esquire, be excused Ordered, That Sir William Middleton, Baronet, be from such Attendance as aforesaid, on account of the ill excused from such Attendance as aforesaid, on account Slate of his Health, of the ill State of his Health.

12 Ordered,

Leave of Absence granted.

S3 Geo. III. 4° Martiu $19

Ordered, That Edward Loveden Looeden, Esquire, Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Account and have Leave to be absent from the Call of the House on suant to their Address to His Majesty, Estimates

Wednesday next, on his Private Affairs. An Account of Extraordinary'Expences of the Army, Presente<1*

Ordered, That Sir William Heathcote, Baronet, have incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Pay- Extraordina-Leave to be absent from the Call of the House on Wed- master General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th tll° nesday next, on his Private Affairs. of December 1791 to the 24th of December 1792, both

Ordered, That Thomas Powys, Esquire, have Leave inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, to be absent from the Call of the House on Wednesday Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, next, on his Private Affairs. by His Majesty's Command,

Ordered, That Francis Dickins, Esquire, have Leave Estimate of the Charge of an Augmentation to the Augmenta-to be absent from the Call of the House on Wednesday First*Regiment of Dragoon Guards, from 24th January tion to Dra-next, on his Private Affairs. 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being g°°n Guards,

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben, Baronet, have 335 Days; and of the Charge of Accoutrements, &c. &c*

Leave to be absent from the Call of the House on for the Augmentation to the Cavalry and Infantry:

Wednesday next, on his Private Affairs. And also,

Ordered, That William Chute, Esquire, have Leave Estimate of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied clothing for to be absent from the Call of the House on Wednesday Militia for the Year 1793: And also, Militia,

next, on his Private Affairs. Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Foot, of Fencible Re-

Ordered, That Richard Slater Milne*, Esquire, have several Fencible Regiments in North Britain, and of a giments. Leave to be absent from the Call of the House on Corps of Fencibles in The Tele of Man, from 26th Wednesday next, on his Private Affairs. March 1793 to 24th December following, both inclu-

Ordered, That Edward Hyde East, Esquire, have sive, being 274 Days.

Leave to go the Western Circuit And the Titles of the said Account and Estimates

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Watson have Leave tQ were read, go the Western Circuit. The said Account and Estimates are as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1791 to the 24th of December 1792, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants.

" t

1791* November 14th.

1792. February 25th.

27th.

July 17 th.

October 9th.

18th,

30th.

November 26th.

,791* December 17th.

26th.

1792. January 11th.

February 4th.

May 18th. July 17th.

October 9th. Voi.48.

Thomas Everett, Merchant, upon Account, for victualling the Garmon of Gibraltar, from the 1st to 2$th August 1791 - 3,120 3 —

To D°, upon Account, for victualling D* Garrison, from

29th August to 25th September 1791 - - 3,120 6 —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D° Garrison, from

26th September to 18th December 1791 - 9,391 9 —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D° Garrison, from

19th December 1791 to 8th April 1792 - 2,470 3 9

To D°, upon Account, for victualling D° Garrison, from 7th

May to 3d June 1792 ----- - 3,051 14 6

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, from

9th April to 6th May 1792 - - - 3,018 ——

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, from

4th June to 1st July 1792 ----- 3,043 12 6

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, from

2d July to 26th August 1792 - - 6,107 *5 8

To Messrs Jrf Turnbull, Geo. Mackenzie , and

ThO Gregory, upon Account, for Provisions issued to to the Troops in Canada - - - 1,697 6 —

To D®, upon Account, for D® issued for the use of the

Troops in Nova Scotia ----- - 2,840 2 6

To D®, upon Account, for D® issued for the use of the

Troops in Canada - - - 4>0J4 *7 7

To D®, upon Account, for Duties paid in Ireland, on Provisions which have been shipped for the use of the Forces serving Abroad ----- - 1,074 17 7

To D°, upon Account, for Provisions issued for the use

of the Troops in Nova Scotia ----- 977 16 8

To D®, upon Account, for D* issued for the use of the

Troops in Canada and Nova Scotia - 8,990 — 8

To D®, upon Account, for D® issued for the use of the

Troops in Canada - - - 5>2®5 '7 5

To D°, upon Account, 'for D° issued for the use of the

Troops in Nova Scotia ----- - 1,937 17 8

To D®, upon Account, for D® issued for the use of the

Troops in Canada - - - 4>347 4 l*

To

4* Martil

A. 1793

5^rray Extra- Dates of Warrant*, ordinaries. . - . ___________-

1792. October 9th.

November 23d.

1792. March 20th.

May 14th. October 30th. May 14th.

June 21st. November 26th.

To Messrs. Jrt Turnbull, Geo. Mackenzie , and

Thtf Gregory, upon Account, for Provisions issued to

the Troops in Nova Scotia 1 -To D#, upon Account, towards Payment of £. 19,893. 8. 8. for D° issued for die use of the Troops in Canada and Nova Scotia ——

To Messrs. Neave and Aisla, for Provisions shipped for the Supply of 5,000 Persons in the West Indies -

To D°, for D° Service - -

To D®, for D# Service - -

To Elizabeth Budd, upon Account, for Provisions kept up

in the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey -To D®, upon Account, for D° kept up in Guernsey To D®, upon Account, for D° kept up at Guernsey and Jersey - - -.-

77* n 4

10,000 ——

12,412 16 10 11,924 19 7 11,801 13 —

566 3 11 n 3 4 9

226 9 7

112,307 4 5

Deduct the Amount of Stoppages for Provisions from the Regiments in America and the West Indies, from December 1791'to December 1792 -.....25,391 5 —

February 28th. To Bills of Exchange drawn by Henry Hamilton, Governor of Bermuda, for Public Services - - - - 2,678 16 3

To D® draton by Lord Dunmore, Governor of the Bahama

Islands, for D® Service - - - 12,847 7 8

To D® drawn by JitOrde, Governor of Dominica, for

D® Service - - - - 500 ——

To D" drawn by Sir Thtf Shirle, Governor of the Lee-| ward Islands, for D® Service ----- 304 3 7

i To D® drawn by D. Parry, Governor of Barbadoes, for

D®Service - - - - . - 1,077 6 10

To D® drawn by Edward Mathew, Governor of Grenada,

for D® Service - 11068

To D® drawn by James Seton, Governor of St., Vincent, for D® Service ----- - 100 10 —

To D® drawn by J. Parr, Governor of Nova Scotia, for

D® Service - 69 59

To D® drawn by Sir Robert Boyd, Governor of Gibraltar, for D® Service ----- 1,668 15 —

March 27th. To D® drawn by D® for sundry Special Contingent Services for that Garrison - - - 1,507 15 3

To D®, drawn by D®, for D® Service - 2,033 17 2

----- ----- ----- --- 5,210 7 5

To Cash paid by Mr. WinsUrw, acting Deputy Paymaster in Canada, towards the Expences of the Civil Department of that Province, for Six Months,

to 24th June 1792 - - - - 9,579 2 2

To D® paid by D®, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Army in Canada, for One Quarter, to 24th March

1792.....14.897 10 1

To D®, paid by D®, for D®, to 24th June 1792 - - 11,733 7 9

To D®, paid by D®, for D®, to 24th September 1792 - 8,364 9 3

To D®, paid by Mr. Brymer, acting Deputy Paymaster in Nova Scotia, for the Extraordinary Expences of the Army in that Province, for One Quarter, to 24th March 1792 - 1,348 18 7

To D®, paid by D®, for D®, to 24th June 1792 - - 1,428 8 7

To D®, paid by D®, for D®, to 24th September 1792 - 3,356 15 7

To D®, paid by Mr. Seton, acting Deputy Paymaster in the West Indies, for Extraordinary Expences, from 25th December 1791 to 24th June 1792, viz*.

Commissary's Department ----- 25,807 3 —

Quarter Master General's D® - - - - 6,774 6 5

Engineer's D® ----- -- 5,658 18 —

Sundry Miscellaneous Payments - 7,752 5 2

86,915 19 5

22,898 4 2

44,574 9 3

6,134 2 9

45,992 12 7 To

4° Martii.

321

Dates of Warrants.

1792-May 8th.

1791.]une 17th.

To Evan Nepean, Esquire, for sundry Articles purchased by him for Presents to the Indians in Canada ——

To Robert Jones Adeane, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account, as Administrator to Robert Jones, Esquire, late Contractor for furnishing Provisions for the Forces in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland, from 24th September 1770 to £. s. d. 30th September 1774 - _ - - - - 83 6 4

October 19th. To Colonel Roger Morris, for D® of his Account, as Inspector of the Claims of Refugees in North America, between the 1st January 1779 and 31st March 1783 - - - 38 66

December 6th. To Lieutenant Colonel Brawn, for D®, as Superintendent of Indian Affairs in the Atlantic Department of the Southern District of North America, from the 1st July 1779 to 31st December 1784 *

1792. February 27th.

March 24th. May 5th. July 6th. August 24th.

1791* September 14th.

1792.

March 27th.

To R. V. Sadkir, for D®, as late Contractor for delivering Provisions into Stores at Cowes and Cork To Major Robert Mathews, for D®, as Military Secretary to Sir F. Haldimand, between 24th June 1779 and nth November 1784 To Jonathan Malkt, Esquire, for D®, as Purveyor of Hospitals in America, from 1st June 1775 to the 26th November 1783 -

To Capt Charles Bell, for D®, as acting Inspector of the Military Roads in North Britain, for One Year, to 31st December 1788 -To Colonel E. M. Despard, for D°, as Superintendant of Affairs on the Coast of Honduras, from 1st December 1784 to 14th April 1790 -

94 6 1 54 12 10 168 7 10 106 10 8

106 3 7 788 8 11

To Sir Robert Boyd, for the Extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments in the Gahrison of Gibraltar, from 25th December 1790^0 24th June 1791 - - - 91 15 3

To Daniel O'Hara, for 225 Gallons of White Wine Vinegar, furnished to the Troops at Charles Town, South Carolina, by order of Gen1 Leslie, in December 1782 ——

To Capt. Church, of the late i02d Regiment of Foot, for the Loss of Baggage, &c. which he sustained by the Wreck of the Ship Hinchinbrook, in the River Ganges, in the Year 1785 - -

June 4th. To Capt. D. Laird, for his Expences in coming from -Spain to attend the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, relative to General

rymple's Account ——

To Sarah Dickinson, for Fees paid by her, as Representative of the late General on passing

his Account as Commander in Chief of South Carolina and Georgia - -

To the Representatives of the late Lord Heathfield, for sundry Articles surcharged in his Account as late Governor of Gibraltar -To Joseph Smith, Esquire, to pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Lord Dunmore, for Medicines for the 47th Regiment of Foot, in the Bahama Islands

29th.

July 19 th. December 10th.

56 5 ~ 26 8 — 123 1 —

100 16 —

'37 '7 5 20 15 6

'79'-

December 26th.

28th.

Vo 1.. 18.

To George Brinley, Esquire, for 172 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary

at Halifax, to 12th November 1791 - -' 129 ——

To Sir W" Fawcett, K. B. for 183 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th December 1791 To L. G. Morrison, for 183 Days D®, as Quarter Master General, to D® -

lo D®, for 365 Days Pay of Two Assistants as D®, to D® - -

To Lieutenant R. Griffiths, for superintending the Service of forwarding Deserters passing to and from Great Britain and Ireland, between 24th December 1790 and 25th December 1791 -

4 N

129 520 1 --

520 1 — 172 17 6

Army Extraonliuarifi.

£. s. d.

1,674 10 3

1,440 2 9

5.36 18 2

To

4" Martii.

A. 1T9&

m

Army Extra* Dates of Warrants* oMliaaries.

1792.

January 4th. Uth.

25th.

February 8th.

29th.

March 27th. April 4th. 10th. 20th. April 20th.

25th. May 4th.

14 th.

30th.

June 17th. 27th.

28th.

July nth.

To John Hunter, Esquire, for his Pay, os Inspector

General of the Hospitals to the Forces in Great Britain, for 365 Days, to 24th December 1791 -

To Wm. M'Kinrum, late Captain of a Company in the Indian Department, in America, for his Services in adjusting the Accounts of late Cd. Stuart, as Super* intendant of Indian Affairs, from 26th June 1781 to 4th November 1782 - -

To M. G. Townsend, for his Pay, for superintending the Recruiting Service, from 25th June 1791 to 24th December following -To D®, for Six Months Pay, &c. of Staff Officers.

at Duncannon Fort, to D®

To sundry Persons, for 183 Days Half Pay, to 24th December 1791, in Consideration of their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada -To sundry D®, for Half Pay, for D® Services -To James Lawrie, Esquire, for One Year's Allowance, as late Superintendent Captain and Commander in Chief on the Musquito Shore, to 21st December

1791 - ....

To Roger Johnson, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary of the Army in America, to 31st December 1791 -

To several General Officers, for their Trouble and Expences in reviewing the Land Forces in the Year

»79l.....* -

To sundry Persons, for 183 Days Half Pay, to 24th December 1791, for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada -

To Capt. Daniel Fraser, late in the Queen's American Rangers, for One Year's Allowance, to 31st December 1791, for his long Services in the late War -To Col. J. F.Erskine, for Half a Year's Pension to

5th April 1792, in Consideration of the Loss he sustained in consequence of a Regiment which he raised in Switzerland, in the Year 1781, not having been sent to India, as was proposed -To Col. T. Carleton, for Half a Year's Allowance, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to 24th December 1791 To David Taitt, Esquire, to reimburse the Deductions made from his Pay, as late Superintendant of Indian- Affairs for the Creek Nation -To P. Sirmot, Esquire, for One Year's Allowance, to 3d May 1792, as late Lieutenant Gov. of Niagara To M. Wilkinson, Esquire, for the Pay of sundry

Supernumerary Officers of Corps to which he was Agent, from 25th December 1782 to different Periods - -

To the Representatives of J. for Arrears of Pay, to 24th July 1779, as Commanding Officer of the Armed Brig the Polly, on the Lakes in Canada ——

To Sir W7t. Fawcett, K. B. for 183 Days additional

Pay as Adjutant General, to 24th June 1792 To L. G. Morrison, for 183 Days D®, as Quarter Master General, to D®

To W. J. Eppes, Esquire, for 278 Days Pay, as Commissary at Newfoundland, to 10th October 1791 -To Col. J.F.Erskine, in full Compensation of a Moiety of his Pension of 500 /. a Year, allowed to him in Consideration of the Loss he sustained in consequence of a Regiment which he raised in Switzerland, in the Year 1781, not having been sent to India, as was proposed -To James Lawrie, Esquire, for Half a Year's Allowance, to 21st June 1792, for his Services as late Superintendant Captain and Commander in Chief on the Musquito Shore -To M. G. Townsend, for his Pay for superintending the Recruiting Service, from 25th December 1791 to 24th June 1792 - -

£. *. d.

691 10 —

248 ——

260 — 6 339 *9 to

82 7 —

229 5 —

500 ——

182 10 —

2,593 2 6 41 3 6

40 ——

273 6 --

250 ——

63 12 9

150

799 11 1

138 16 10

520 1 —

520 1 —

69 10 —

3,285 16 —

250 ——

260 — 6

To

ii

4° Marti? .

3£3

Dates of Warrants.

1792.

July vith. To Major Moore, for One Year's Allowance, to 24th £. s. March 1792, for his long Services, particularly during the Siege of Gibraltar - 150 —

To M. G. Townsend, Inspector General of the Recruit--

ing Service, for the Pay, &c. of Staff Officers at Duncannon Fort, for Six Months, to 24th June 1792 - - - 346 9

19th. To Thomas Carter, for Arrears of Pay due to him for his Services on Rivers and Lakes in Canada, during the late War ----- - - 39 —

To Charles Bell, as a Compensation for his Services-as acting Inspector of Military Roads in North Britain, between April 1788 and the 21st June 1789 - 200 —

August 1st. To: sundry Persons, for Half Pay, to 24th June 1790,

for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada 100 3

To sundry D®, for D®> to various Periods, for their

Services on D® ----- - 27 9

24th. To G. Brinley, for 227 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary of the Army at Halifax, to 26th June 1792 - 170 5

To David Stow, for a Balance of Pay, as Lieutenant % nd Commander in the Naval Armament on the Rivers and Lakes in America - 77

September 17th. To, Robert White, Esquire, for Half a Year's Allowance, to the 1st April 1792, as late for the Honduras District - - - - 150 —

19th. To Col. T. Carleton, for Half a Year's D® to 24th June 1792, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick ----- -- 250 —

To M. G. Williamson, for 365 Days Pay of his Aid de Camp, and for his Contingent fexpences as Commander of tire Forces in Jamaica, to 24th December 1791 - - - - 864 7

November 24th. To Col. De Lancey, towards rewarding him for his Services as One of the Committee for examining and settling the Non-effective and other Accounts of the Army during the late War, which he hath been employed in since the Year 1786 - - 2,000 —

27th. To Col. Ersstine, for a Half Year's Pension, to 10th October, 1792, for the Loss he sustained in consequence of a Regiment which he raised in Switzerland, in the Year 1781, sot having been sent to India, as was proposed - - - 138 18

d.

7 -

b

6

1792.

April 25th.

27 th. May 16th.

1791-September 14th.

November 9th.

16th.

Vol. 48.

To Lord Adam Gordon, for so much expended by him for the good of His Majesty's Service in North Britain, in the

Year 1791 - - - 300 ——

To Sir Jn° Inglis, Bart, for Necessaries for the Forces

in D".....- 1,078 1 —

To D®, for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles, &c. for the Garrisons in D®, and the Out Posts in their Neighbourhood, in the Year 1791 - 1,502 16 4

To pay a Bill of Exchange, drawn by the Royal Bank of Scotland, for One Year's Allowance, to Christmas 1792, for furnishing Specie to the Troops in Scotland, &c. - 415 — 9

To Lord Elphinstone, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Use of the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from 1 gth December 1790 to 18th March 1791 - 193 2 5

To Joshua Darwin, for providing D® for the use of the Forces at Tynemouth Barracks and Clifford's Fort, from 25th June to 24th December - - 7 12 2

To D®, for providing D® for D® Forces, from 25th

December 1790 to 24th June 1791 - - 55 11 ~

To Geo. Leith, Junior, for providing D® for the use of the Forces in the Barracks at Deal, from D®

to D®.....- 200 10 3

To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for providing D® for the Forces in Landguard Fort, from D® to D* - 106 13 8

Army Extra-ordinaries.

£. s. d.

17*696 8 I

3,295 18 1

4® Martii.

A. 1793

Army Ex- Dates of Warrants.

traordinaTies. . —

1791-November 23d.

December 14th.

1792. January nth.

20th.

25th.

February 1st

8th.

March 14th.

21st.

April 4th.

26th.

May 2d.

9th.

To Col. T. Trigge, for providing and repairing Utensils, and furnishing Coals and Candles, for die use of the Forces in Barracks at Hilsea, Portsmouth, &c. from 25th December 1790 to 24th June 1791 To Lieut. Colonel P. Fall, for providing divers Utensils for the use of the Forces at Jersey

To JV. Patriache, for Coals and Candles supplied for the use of the Forces in the Island of Jersey, from the 25th June to 24th December 1791 To Governor P. JE. Irving, for providing D® for the use of the Forces in Upnor Castle, from 25th December 1789 to 24th December 1790 To D®, for providing D®, from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 1791 -To JV. B. Clinton, for providing D* for the use of the Forces in the Citadel of Plymouth and St Nicholas Island, &c. from 25th June to 24th December 1791 To D®, for providing and repairing divers Utensils, &c. for the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from 25 th December 1790 to 24th December 1791 -

To Lieutenant Governor Trigge, for providing and repairing Utensils, and furnishing Coals and Candles, for the Barracks at Hilsea, Portsmouth, &c. from ?5th of June to the 24th December 1791 -

To Lord Amherst, for providing Coals and Candles for the Troops in the Island of Guernsey, from D®

to D°....

To James Monypenny, Master of the Barracks at the Savoy and at Knightsbridge, for providing divers Utensils for the use of the said Barracks, in the Year

>79° ' ....

To D®, for providing D®, in the Year 1791 To D®, for providing additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot Guards in the said Barracks with Coals and Candles, between 24th June and 25th December 1791 -

To Edward Kent, Esquire, for providing Coals and Candles, &c. for the Forces in the Barracks at Chatham, from the 25th June to 24th December

*79l....

To Major General Scott, for One Year's Allowance, to 24th December 1791, for additional Coals and Candles for the Guards doing Duty at Windsor Castle ——

To JV. B. Clinton, on Account, to enable him to provide D®, for the use of the Forces at Plymouth

Dock -....

To Lieut Governor Singleton, for providing D® for the Forces in Landguard Fort, from 25th June to 24th December 1791 ToJoknGore, Esquire, for divers Necessaries furnished by him for the use of the Foot Guards in the Tower, for Six Months, to Lady Day 1792 -To Joshua Darwin, for providing Coals and Candles for the use of the Forces at Tynemouth Barracks and Clifford's Fort, from 25th June to 24th December 1791 - -

To Francis North, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Forces in Dover Castle, from 25th December 1790 to 24th December 1791 To Lord Elphinstone, for providing D® for the Forces in Edinburgh Casde, from 19th March to,) 7th June

1791....

To D®, for providing D® for D® Forces, from 18th June to 17th September 1791 -To D°, for providing D* for D® Forces, from 18th September to 16th December 1791 -

To D® for providing D® for D® Forces, froip 17th December 1791 to 16th March 1792 To Geo. Leith, Junior, fop providing D® for the Forces in the Barracks at Deal from 25th June to 24th December 1791 -

£. s. d.

457 14 7

68 13 q

308 5 4

12 610 16 10 10

152 4 1

152 2 6

357 15 2 196 15 4

207 2 4

202 16 10

303 10 10

433 5 —

24 2 —

500 ——

104 5 2

619 7 6

56 n 5 288 13 8

161 12 1

152 12 — 188 9 5 183 J7 3

jSS 11 7

I. x. d.

/]>

J o

33 Geo. III.

Dates of Warrants.

1/92-July 4th.

25th.

August 24th. October 31st

1789.

June 25th.

*79»*

June 5th.

September 16th.

Vol. 48,

4° Mar

325

To IV. B. Clinton, for providing Coals, Candles, &c. for the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth, and St. Nicholas Island, &c. from 25th December 1791 to 24th June 1792 ——

To Col. Trigge, Lieut. Govr of Portsmouth, for providing D® for the Forces at Hilsea, Portsmouth, &c. from D° to D°

To James Monypemiy, Master of the Barracks at Knightsbridge, for providing additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot Guards, in the Barracks, with Coals and Candles, between 24th December 1791 and 25th June 1792 -

To Edward Kent, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, and Brooms, &c. for the Forces at Chatham Barracks, from 25th December 1791 to 24th June 1792 ——

To IV. B. Clinton, on Account, to enable him to provide D® for the Forces at Plymouth Dock -To Lord Elphinstone, for providing D® for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from 17th March to 15th June 1792 ——

To Lieut. Gov' Singleton, for providing D® for the Forces in Landguard Fort, from 25th December 179! to 24th June 1792 -

To Will.Pdtriarche, for providing D® for the Forces in Jersey, from D® to D® -To the Representatives of Joshua Darwin, for providing D® for the Forces atTynemouth Barracks and Clifford's Fort, from 25th of December 1791 to 24th June 1792 ——

To M. G. Grenville, for Coals for the 23d Regiment of Foot, in the Hospital at Windsor, from 7th October 1788 to 3d October 1789 -

To Will. Merry, Esquire, for His Majesty's Proportion of 544i Chaldrons of Coals received at Gi-bralter ——

To John Gore, Esquire, for sundry Utensils, &c. furnished by him, from Michaelmas 1791 to Michaelmas 1792, for the Foot Guards in the Tower To D®, for divers Necessaries furnished by him, for Six Months, to D®, for D® Forces -

£. d. 124 '4 5 3*5 *0 9

303 10 10

452 17 '3 400 ——

155 18 2

104 5 2 324 12 2

40 12 7 3* *7 —

843 n 9

81 17 4

335 5 10

To Geo. Just, Esquire, for the Contingent Disbursements of the late Isle of Man Fencible Battalion, from 25th June to 24th December 1781 - - - 259 16 8

ToD?, for D®, from25th December 1781 to 24th June

1782.....- 282 9 3

To D®, for D® from 25th June to 24th of December

1782 -.....205 12 n

To D®, for D®, from 25th December 1782 to 24th

April 1783 - - - - 188 2 —

For the Marches, &c. of the Merionethshire Militia, from 25th December 1782 to 24th March 1783 -To the Representatives of the late Lieut. General Preston, for the Marches of the 2d Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th Decemberi78i to 24th Junei782 To D°, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June to 24th December 1782 -

To D®, for D® of D° Regiment, from 25th December 1782 to 24th June 1783 -

To Lord Southampton, for D® of the 3d Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th June to 24th December 1782 To D®, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th December 1782 to 24th June 1783 - -

To Sir H. Clinton, for D® of the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th December 1779 to 24th June

1780.....- - -

To D®, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June to 24th December 1780 ——

To D®, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June to 24th December 1781 ——

4 o

95 10 8

184 17 7 39 11 6

100 4 6

34 *4 11

85 19 8

78 12 8

33 *2 —

86 15 —

£. 5. d.

9,414 *7 8

To

Array Extra-ordinaries*

Army Extra* ordinaries.

326

Dates of Warrants-

1791-September 16'tb.

s8ih.

December 7th. 1792-

March 21 st. April 26th. May 30th.

4° Martii.

To Sir H.Clinton, for the Marches of the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 ——

To D®, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June to 24th December 1782 To D°, for D° of D° Regiment, from 25th December 1782 to 24th June 1783 - -

To Sir JR. Boyd, for D® of the 39th Regiment of Foot, from 25th December 1780 to 24th June 1781 To D®, for D® of D® Regiment, from 25th June to 24th December 1781 - -

For the Marches, See. of Capt. Alcxr Mall's late Independent Company of Foot, from the 3d July 1781 to 23d February 1782 -

For the D* of Capt. G. Farauharson's late D®, from 9th March 1781 to 24th October 1782 For D® of Capt. F. Carleton's late D*, from 8th January to 24th October 1782 -

For D° of Capt. H. B. Browne's late D®, from loth May to 24th December 1781 -For D® of D®, from 23th December 1781 to 23d February 1782 - -

A. 1793.

c s. d.

150 — 6

55 9 4

50 5 3

62 13 6

137 2 6

106 19 —

72 11 3

69 19 4

61 10 6

18 7 11 t

November 14th. To sundry General and Staff Officers, serving with the Forces lately ordered to take the Field, for their Pay, from the 16th July to 8th August 1792 -To the Colonels of sundry Regiments of Dragoons and Foot, for 100 Days Forage, in Consideration of their Regiments having been ordered to take the Field ——

To Messrs. Trotters, for sundry Disbursements made by them for different Services, on Account of the Forces encamped near Bagshot, in the Year 1792 3,566 16 —

To D®, for providing Camp Necessaries for the Forces

encamped near Bagshot, in the Year 1792 - - 2,546 8 11

December 24th.

462 12 8

522 10 —

Dates of Secretary at War's Letters.

1792.

February 16th. To N. Cottyer, Esquire, on Account, for the Passage, Freight, and sundry other Expences, for Officers and Men of the Jamaica or 20th Regiment of Dragoons - 3,000 — —

September 20th. To D®, on Account, for D® Service - - 2,699 4 4

Dates of Deputy. Secretary at War's Letters.

1792. September 22d.

To Messrs. Cos and Greenwood, to answer a Bill, drawn by an Officer, of the 7th Regiment of Dragoons, for the Purchase or Hire of Ground for Barracks^ and for the Buildings thereupon, at Sheffield ----- - 500 ——

28th*. To Mr. Dickson, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, for D®

Service at Coventry - - - 11111 —

October 8th. To Messrs. Ross and Collyer, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the 1st Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for D® Service at Norwich - - - - 340 10 6

To D®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the 2d Regiment of Dragoons, for D®-Service at Manchester ----- -- - 2,000 ——

To Messrs. Cox and Greenwood, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of the 7 th Regiment of Dragoons, for

D® Service at Nottingham - - - - 800 ——

To D®, to answer D®, drawn by an Officer of D® Regiment, for D® Service at Sheffield - - - 500 — —

November 5th. To Mr. Dickson, to an$wer D®, drawn by an Officer of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, for the Purchase or Hire of Ground for Barracks, and for the Buildings thereupon, at Birmingham

11th.

3 »st.

1,000

s. d-

2,521 3 11

7,093 7 7

5,699

4 4

To

33 Geo. III. 4° Marta-

Dates of Deputy

Secretary at War's

Letters.

1792. December 3d.

13th.

Dates of Warrants.

To Messrs. Ross and Collyer, to answer a Bill, drawn by an Officer of the 2d Regiment of Dragoons, for the Purchase or Hire of Ground for Barracks, and for the Buildings thereupon, at Manchester To Mr. Dickson, to answer D*, drawn by an Officer

of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, for D° Service at Coventry -

£. s. d.

1,500 ——

1,000 ——

i79>-

June 3d. To Capt. W. E. Wynne, for sundry Claims on Account of the Merionethshire Militia - -

September 28th. To Messrs. Cox and Greenwood, for the Allowance towards the increased Price of Bread, to sundry Regiments of Foot stationed in Barracks, from 15th November 1775 to* 31st December 1783 -

December 7th. To Capt. A. Mall, for providing Knapsacks for his late Independent Company of Foot - -

28th. To Sir Willm Fawcett, K. B. for the Contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant Gen*, from 25th June to 24th December 1791 -To L. G. Morrison, for his D* as Quarter Master Gen1, from D° to D° To Col1 De Lancey, for his D" as Deputy Adjutant General, from D* to D* ——

To Col1 Moncriqf, as Deputy Quarter Master Gen1, from D° to D* -

1792.

January 4^1. To Messrs. F.and J. Carleton, for Expences incurred by them in the Embarkation, &c. of Troops at different Ports in Ireland, in the Year 1791 -

ilth. To Col. H. E. Fox, Commandant of the Forces at Chatham Barracks, for his General Account of Expenditures for Pay and Contingencies, for Six Months, to 24th December 1791 -20th. To Lieut. Gov' Brown, for One Year's Rent of a House in the Island of Jersey, to D*

25th. To M. G. Toimshend, for his Contingent Expences as Inspector Gen1 and Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th June to 24th December 1791 ——

February 1st. To the Revd IF. Wiliteot, for One Year's Rent of the Minister's House in the Savoy, hired for the use of the Forces, to 24th December 1791 . ——

6th. To Messrs. Deroenport and Gilpin, for sundry Articles of Clothing and Accoutrements provided for the Alderney Militia -29th. To D°, for D° of the Jersey Militia ——

March 14th. To The/ Ride, Surveyor of the Guards, fot* Work done in Repairs of the Horse and Foot Guards in the Year 1790 -To John Charlton, Esquire, Agent to the Inspector Gen1 of Regimental Infirmaries, on Account, for sundry Contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, &c. ——

21st To Capt. G Farquhatson, for providing Knapsacks for his late Independent Company of Foot -April 26th. To Thomas Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs, &c. of the Foot Guards Rooms, and Sutlers, Somerset House Barracks, Recruit Houses, in the Year 1790 To M. Fisher and S. Thresher, for One Year's Rent, to Michaelmas 1791, for the Barracks at Knightsbridge -May 30th. To Messrs. J. and C. Trotters, for providing Hospital Bedding, Camp Necessaries, &c. for the use of the Forces -To D#, for packing, shipping, and Insurance, &c. against Fire, of Hospital Bedding and Camp Necessaries -To D°, for Camp Necessaries for the Corps of Dragoons under the Command of L* C1 Gardner -To Capt. B. Brown, for providing Knapsacks for his late Independent Company of Foot - - - - r

To Capt. A. Pyne, for providing D° for his late D'

June 6th. To Messrs. J. and F. Carleton, for Expences in the Embarkation, &c. of Troops at different Ports in Ireland, in the Year 1792 8th. To Geo. Gamier, Esquire, for Medicines for the Army, in the Year

1791 - . - - ....

27th. To James Window, Esquire, Agent to the Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, on Account, for Contingent Disbursements for Hospitals -

To Sir Will. Fawcett, K. B. for the Contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 2.5^ December 1791 to 24th June 1793 ——

Vo 1. 48.

327

Artm Extra-ordinaue*.

£. . s. di

7,752 1 6

137 19 4

2,oG4 3 6

31 16 —

265 5 —

164 4 —

78 3 "

78 3 —

66 2 3

828 r>. 00

56 14 —

146 3 e

42 2 —

869 7 4

5, ‘13 *9 7

2,626 — 4

1,000 —

3l 16 —

2,850 8 2

2 So 15 —

705 73 1

170 — —

J/4 12 —

S' 16 —

3* 5 —

101 19 10

3*° 16 1

2,000 —

265 5 -r X

4° Marlii.

328

Army Extra- Dates of Warrants.

ordinaries. — —

1792.

June 27th.

29th. July 4th.

11th.

25th.

November 14th.

21st.

December 19th.

K

To Leonard Morse, Esquire, for carrying on. for One Year, to Midsummer 1792, a Progressive of the Commissions of all the Officers in the Army -

To Col1 Moncrief, for his Contingent Expences as Deputy Quarter Master General, from 25th December 1791 to 24th June 1792 -To L. G. Morrison, for his D® as Quarter Master General, from D® to D® - -

To Col* Dc Lancey, for his Contingent Expences as Deputy Adjutant General, from D® to D®

To James Johnson, on Account, for building new Stables for the First Regiment of Life Guards - / -

To Messrs. Eyre and Strahan, for Printing, &c. several Acts of Parliament, &c. for the use of the Forces - -

To M.Fisher and S. Thresher, for Half a Year's Rent, to Lady-Day

1792, for Premises occupied as temporary Barracks at Knights-bridge ——

To M. G. Tmcnsend, for his Contingent Expences as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th December 1791 to 24th June 1792 ——

To Col. H. E. Fox, Commandant of the Forces at Chatham Barracks, for his General Account of Expenditures for Pay and Contingencies, for Six Months, to 24th June 1792 - -

To Thomas Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs of the Horse and Foot Guards, in the Year 1791 -To James Johnson, on Account, for building new Stables for the First Regiment of Life Guards ——

To CoF De Lancey, for his Travelling Expences, and sundry other Charges incurred by him, in hiring Ground at different Places for the Purpose of erecting Barracks ——

To Col1 De Lancey, Deputy Adjutant General, for Extra Contingent Disbursements, unavoidable in quelling Riots and Disturbances at Newcastle upon Tyne, and its Vicinity -

A. 1793

£. s. d.

103 3 —

78 3 —

OO ri 4 —

78 3 —

1,500 —

207 14 —

140 18 —

142 17 6

874 15 —

1,928 5 3

1,500 —

386 6 —

111 3 —

29L453 9 10

PAYMENTS on Account of the Forces in the East Indies.

1791*

October 14th. To M. G. Murray, for the Clothing of Thirty addi- . £. s. d. tional effective Men of the 72d Regiment of Foot, for One Year, to 5th July 1790 - - - 68 19 2

1792.

February 4th. To D®, for D®, for One \ ear, to 5th July 1791 - 68 19 5

April 20fh. To the Colonels of sundry Regiments, for providing Knapsacks for the Augmentation to their respective Corps, in the Year 1791 ----- 643 10 —

To the Agent of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, on Account of Subsistence and Recruit- s. d.

ing, for the Year 1791 - - 817 3 —

To D®, on Account of D®, for the Year

1792 - - - - 2,599 '7 10

To the Agent of the 36th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence, for the Year 1790 - - - 15 3 —

To D®, on Account of D®, and Recruiting, for the Year 1791 - 607 13 6

To D®, on Account of D®, for the Year

1792 ----- 1,878 12 6

To the Agent of the 5 2d Regiment of Foot, on Account of D®, for the Year 1791 - 509 5 6

To D®, on Account of D®, for the Year

1792.....1,681 19 4

To the Agent of the 71st Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1791 - 411 19 —

To D®, on Account of D®, for the Year

1792 - - --- 2,349 19 4

To the Agent of the 72d Regiment of Foot, on Account of D®, for the Year 1791 - - - - 752 126

To D®, on Account of D®, for the Year

1792 - - - 1,872 9 —

To

4° Martii.

329

Dates of Warrants.

1792.

April 20th. To the Agent of the 73d Regiment of £. s. £. s. d.

Foot, on Account of Recruiting, for the Year 1790 - 1,660 ——

To D®, on Account of Subsistence and

Recruiting, for the Year 1791 - 1,533 — 6

To D*, on Account of D®, for the Year

1792 - - - - 1,671 17 10

To the Agent of the 74th Regiment of Foot, on Account of D®, for the Year

17f>i.....1,176 1 ~

To D®, on Account of D#, for the Year

1792 - - - 1,977 9 2

To the Agent of the 75th Regiment of Foot, on Account of D°, for the Year

1791 - - - 934 12 —

To D®, on Account of D°, for the Year

1792 - . - - - 1,649 4 2

To the Agent of the 76th Regiment of

Foot, on Account of D®, for the Year

i79t - - - . 353 4 6

To D°, on Account of D®, for the Year

1792 - - - - 1,680 2 8

' To the Agent of the 77th Regiment of

Foot, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting, for the Year 1791 - 734 7 6

To D®, on Account of D®, for the Year

1792 1,830 5 6

----- ----- ---- 28,696 19 4

To the Clothier of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, for 163 Days Net Off-reckonings, to 24th December 1791 - 1,509 13 3

To D® of the 36th Regiment of Foot, for 183 Days D", to D° - - 1,130 18 —

To D#of the 52d D®, for 183 Days D®, to D# - - - 1,643 16 7

To D® of the 71st D°, for 183 Days

D®, to D®.....1,643 16 7

To D® of the 72d D®, for 183 Days D®, to D® - - - 1,643 16 7

To D°- of the 73d D®, for 183. Days

D®, to D®.....1,643 16 7

To D® of the 74th D®, for 183 Days

D®, to D® - ... - .1,643 16 7

To D® of the 75th D®, for 183 Days

D®, to D® - - - 1,643 16 7

To D® of the 76th D® for 183 Days

D®, to D®.....1,643 *6 7

To D® of the 77th D®, for 183 Days

D®, to D® - - - 1,643 16 7

----1 ----- ----- 15,791 3 11

To the Agent of the 74th Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days Arrears, to 24th December 1789 1,141 19 6

£. s. d.

46,411 n 4

337,865 1 2

N. 11. When Remittances are made from India, the Public will have Credit, in a future Account of Extraordinaries, for the above-mentioned Sums, issued to the Agents and Clothiers of sundlry Regiments serving in the East Indies.

War Office, 4th March 1793.

Geo. Yonge.

Vol 48.

4 P

4° Mar

A. 1793.

Dragoon

Guards.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of an Augmentation to the First Regiment of Dragoon Guards, from 24th January 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 335 Days; and of the Charge of Accoutrements, &c. for the Augmentation to the Cavalry and Infantry.

Numbers. Charge.

Augmentation to Sir George Howard's Regiment of Dragoon Guards, from 24th January 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 335 Days: £. d. £. s. d.

Three Additional Troops.

Pay of Commissioned, Non-Commissioned Officers, and Private Men ----- -- 174 _ __ _ 5,963 *2 8

Clothing of Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men - m - - 791 1 4

Agency - -- 1*5 3 2

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Riding Master - -- i 196 6 5

Charge of Accoutrements, &c. for the Augmentation to the Cavalry and Infantry - 64,000 — 7,066 3 7

Deduct the Sum already provided for temporary Clothing - 12,000 — — 52,000

1 Total - . »74 - £. 59,066 3 7

War Office, 4th March 1793.

Geo. Yonge.

Clothing the ESTIMATE of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1793.

Militia.

For the Clothing of the Embodied Militia, for die Year 1793, upon Account - - - 140,000

War Office, 4th March 1793.

Geo. Yonge.

D

i — h

n'

CD

CL

CT

CD

o

o

ESTIMATE of the Charge of One Regiment of Foot, of several Fencible Regiments in North Brand of a Corps of Fencibles in the Isle from 26th March 1793

to 24th. December following, both inclusive, being 274 Days.

CORPS. Numbers. Pay cf Commissioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Clothing and Accoutre rnents for Non-CommissionedO fti cers and Private Men- Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, & Serj < ants. TOTAL.

f Colonel Humberstone Mackenzie's Regiment of Foot, from £ <* £ c 0 A £ a £. s. d. £. s. d.

26th March 1793 to 24th December following, both in- vi u. 0. Cl. t 0. % * o. u.

elusive, being 274 Days ----- - - 689 7,898 10 2 2,140 10 5 155 m / 3 549 10 " - - io,743 17 10

The Duke of Gordon's Fencible Regiment, for the same

Time - - - - 577 6,623 2 4 1,777 16 6 127 7 10 478 7 6 9,006 14 2

Marquis of Lorn's .577 - 6,623 2 4 1,777 16 6 127 7 10 478 7 6 9,006 »4 2

Earl of Breadalbane's First Battalion ... 577 - 6,623 2 4 1,777 16 6 127 7 10 478 7 6 9,006 14 2

Ditto - - - - Second Battalion - 577 - 6,623 2 4 1,777 16 6 127 7 10 478 7 6 9,006 14 2

Earl of Hopetoun's ..... 577 - 6,623 2 4 1,777 16 6 127 7 10 478 7 6 <0 O O 14 2

Sir James Grant's ... 577 - 6,623 2 4 1,777 16 6 127 7 10 478 7 6 9,006 14 2

Colonel Montgomery's ..... 577 - 6,623 2 4 1,777 16 6 127 7 10 478 7 6 9,006 14 2

Colonel JVemyss's - - - - 577 - 6,623 2 4 1,777 16 6 127 7 10 478 7 6 9,006 14 2

The Duke of Atholl's Corps of Fencibles, in The Isle of Man 340 - 3,470 11 3 1,034 13 4 58 J9 3 321 2 1 4,885 5 7

4956 76,938 18 11

Allowance of Bread and Necessaries for the Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men of the Corps above-

mentioned ----- --- - - - - - 12,000 — —

10,000 — —

Total - - 5,645 64,354 — 1 17,397 15 5 i,233 9 2 4,697 12 1 - £. 109,682 16 9

War Office,

4th March 1793. Geo. Yonge.

DO g

I £

3

sr

33 Geo. III. 4° Martii. 331

Resolution on considering Report respecting limiting, &c. of Tolls imposed by Navigation Bills reported.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimates do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir George Howard',according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of a Mode of limiting, regulating, and applying, the Produce of the Tolls to be imposed by all Bills now depending, or which shall hereafter be introduced into this House, for making Navigable Canals, in such Manner as may best reconcile the Interests of the Undertakers with the public Benefit, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it will be proper and expedient to regulate, in future, the Transfer of Shares in all Undertakings for making Navigable Canals, and that the Transfer of such Subscriptions to such intended Canals should be prohibited for a certain. Time after such Subscriptions shall have been made.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Sir George Howard, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Powys, and Sir John Call, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, and of the Sum which will be necessary to be issued for the same on the 5th Day of April 1793: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton and William Chinnery, Esquires, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues: And also,

An Account of Money issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Joseph White, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Charles Goddard, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues: And also,

An Account of Money issued to William Pollock, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues: And also.

An Account of Money issued to sundry Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His. Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Loyalists to Upper 'Canada.

And the Titles of the said Accounts w ere read.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

Accounts

presented

Money issued to Mr. Cotton.

To Mr. Cotton and Mr. Chinnery.

To Mr. Chinnery.

To Mr. White.

To Mr. Goddard.

To Mr. Pol-lock.

For Loyalists to Upper Canada.

4° Martii.

333

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, and of the Sum which will be necessary to be issued for the same on the 5th Day of April 1793, for the following Services:

For defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government - - - £ 26,000

Issued 20th July 1792 -D* 26th October 1792 D® 17th January 1793 To be issued 5th April - - £7,000 6.500 6.500 6,000

£ 26,000

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 28th February 1793.

George Rose.

ACCOUNT of Money issued to the following Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Services under-mentioned:

1792. February 17th. To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay a Certificate granted by Mr. Bulkeley, President of the Council in Nova Scotia, to Michael Wallace, for Expences incurred in removing a Number of Black People from their different Settlements to Halifax, in order to their Embarkation

for Sierra Leone - - - - £1,000 ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the - Receipt thereof - - - - 59 146

----- ----- ----- 1,059 H 6

1792. June 15th. To William Chinnery, Esquire, to pay sundry Certificates

granted by Richard Bulkeley, Esquire, President of the Council in Nova Scotia, for Expences attending the Transportation of Blacks from that Province / to Sierra Leone - - - 13,592 13 —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 705 9 —

----- ----- ----- -- 14,298 2 —

1793. January 25th. To W'illiam Chinnery, Esquire, to discharge a Bill, drawn by

Lieut Governor Carleton, for the Expences attending the Removal of Blacks from St John's, Newfoundland, to Annapolis, Nova Scotia -' 89 16 6

To William Chinnery, Esquire, to pay sundry Sums for Demurrage on several Ships at Sierra Leone, sent with Free Blacks from Halifax, in Nova Scotia, to that Place - 173 12 6

263 9 —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending

the Receipt thereof - - - 2119 —

----- ----- ----- ---- 285 8 —

£ 15,643 4 6

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 28th February 1793.

George Rose.

Yot. 48.

4Q

American Civil Officers.

Embarkation to Sierra Leone,

Emigration to Nova Scotia.

Land Tax on certain Salaries.

4° Martii. 1793.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of

His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Purposes following:

1792. November 9th. To enable him to pay a Certificate, granted by Richard Bulkeley, Esquire, Presi-

dent of the Council of Nova Scotia, for Expences in purchasing Provisions for the Relief of 650 Emigrants, from the Highlands of Scotland, who arrived in that Province from Glasgow in great Distress ----- - 226 4 —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the

Receipt thereof - 2056

----- ----- ----- ----- - 246 9 6

1793. January 25th. To reimburse the like Sum paid to the Secretary, Clerk of the

Council, and Attorney General, for Fees on Grants of Lands in the Bahama Islands - 94 5 6

To reimburse the like Sum paid by him to the Secretary, Register, and Deputy Auditor, for Fees on Grants of Lands in Nova Scotia - 3136

125 9 —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the

Receipt thereof - - - 1417 —

----- ----- ----- --- 140 6 —

386 15 6

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

28th February 1793. George Rose.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Joseph White, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of

His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Purposes following:

1792. July 13th. To enable him to pay the Assessment upon the Salaries of the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts, and their Officers, for Land Tax, for the

Service of the Year 1788 - - - £ 500 -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the

Receipt thereof - - - 34 2 —

----- — ----- --- 534 2 —

1793. February 8th. To enable ban to pay the Assessment upon the Salaries of the

Comanssioners for Auditing the Public Accounts, and their Officers, for Land Tax, for the Year

1789 ----- -- 500 -

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - - - - 34 2 —

----- ----- ---- 534 2 —

£ 1,068 4 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

2®th February 1793. George Rose.

33 Geo. Ill*

4° Mar tit.

335

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Charles Goddard, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out Duke of of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the following Services: York*

1792. November 23d. To enable him to satisfy a Bill, drawn by Sir Morton Eden, His Majesty's Envoy

Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the King of Prussia, for Money

disbursed by him at Berlin, for the Use ot His Royal Highness

Frederick Duke of York ----- -- £.5,601 12 —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof - 29.5 13 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers) 28th February 1793.

£ 5,897 5 —

George Rose.

' Aa

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to William Pollock, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, Out Isle of Man. of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Purposes following:

1792. May nth. To William Pollock, Esquire, to reimburse the Amount of such Bills as have been drawn by the Lieutenant Governor of The Isle of Man, on Account of the Expences incurred by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the said Island, and to pay such Bills as may

be drawn in future 400 -1----

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt

thereof - - - - 28 19 —

— ----- ----- ----- — 42$ 19 —

179^* June 1st To William Pollock, Esquire, to enable him to defray the Expences of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition

of the Isle of Man - 670 ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt

thereof - -- -- - 47 9 —

----- ----- ----- - 717 g —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 28th February 1793.

£ 1,146 8 —

George Rose.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to sundry Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Settlers in

Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Purposes following: Upper

Canada*

1792. June 29th. To George Ramns, Esquire, to be applied by him towards Charitable Gratuities,

and Passage Money to sundry American Loyalists, desirous of becoming

Settlers in Upper Canada £.2,000 ——

July 6th. To Ditto, for Ditto Service - 600 ----- ----- --£. s. d.

----- ----- ----- - — 2,600 ——

2oth. To Alexander Davison, Esquire, to reimburse him the Charges attending the Purchase of several Articles for £. s. d.

the Use of Upper Canada - 8,629 17 10

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the

Rweipt thereof ----- 450 19 —

----- ----- ----- --- 9,080 16 10

December 14th. To John Brickwood, Esquire, to reimburse him the Charges attending the purchasing of Cloathing, Stores, £ x d

&c. for the Use of the Settlers gone to Upper Canada - - - - 2,008 9 8

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the

Receipt thereof - - - 11186

1 — 2,119 18 2

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 28th February, 1793.

Vol. 48.

£13,800 15 —

George Rose.

Ordered,

336 4° Martii. A. 1793.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on American a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to Trade Bill. continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Address for Copies of Representations on the Newfoundland Trade and Fishery, &c.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of Three Representations of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to His Majesty upon the Newfoundland Trade and Fishery, dated the 19th Day of December 1718, the 29th Day of April 1765, and the 27th Day of March 1766; and also, of a Report of the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Foreign Plantations on the Newfoundland Fishery, &. c. dated the 17 th Day of March 1786; and also, of a Representation on the Subject of establishing a Court of Civil Judicature in Newfoundland, dated the 10th Day of May 1790.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Committee of Supply.

Estimates,

&c. referred. Ordinary of Navy.

Extra Navy#

Upper

Canada.

Nova Scotia.

New Brunswick.

St. John's Island.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty's Navy for the Year 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence attending the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, from the 31st of December 1792 to the 31st of December 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st of January 1793 to the 1st of January 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June 1793 to the 24th of June 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint

John, in America, from the 1st of January 1793 to the 1 st of January 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Cape Breton. Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape 9

Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1793 to the 24th of June 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary to Newfound* pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers, in , and the Island of Newfoundland, from the 1 st of April 1793 to the 1st of April 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary Bahama to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Island*. Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1793 to the 1st of January 1794, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Bermuda.

" Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from " the 24th June 1793 to the 24th June 1794," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Dominica.

" Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st " of January 1793 to the 1st of January 1794," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of de- New South fraying the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, Wales* from the 10th of October 1792 to the 10th of October 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money Money issued which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders, pur- ^Jddre'seJ suant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and resses* which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which Charge* for have been issued to John Dailey, Gentleman, towards defraying the necessary Charges incurred in and about mentg of the execution of an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Officer* of Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, the Custom*. " An Act to authorize the Lord High Treasurer, or " the Commissioners of the Treasury, to appoint Two " of the Commissioners of the Customs in England,

" and One of the Commissioners of the Customs in " Scotland, to enquire into the Annual Amount of the " Emoluments of Officers of the Customs, and other " Persons employed in that Revenue," and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which To the Board have been issued to the Commissioners appointed to of ^and H€* enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, venue* Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sums that will Sums want-be wanting for the Payment of Interest, after the Rate ,nS for *n" of £3. 10s. per Centum per Annum, for Six Months, of ^Orders the Principal Sum unsatisfied after the Payments which fur Relief to became due on the 10th Day of October 1792, on the American several Orders made out pursuant to the Acts passed Sufterenk in the Twenty-eighth and Thirtieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain; and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other necessary Articles, to the Army or Navy, &c. &c. which will become due on the 5th Day of April 1793, together with the Sum of £. 6. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order, and also for Six Months Interest which will become due on the 10th Day of October 1793, after the same Rate of £. 3. 10*. per Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum then remaining unpaid, together with £. 6. 5 s. per Centum of the Principal Sum contained in each Order respectively; in which Account the Amount of the Principal and Interest are particularly

distinguished,

4° Mar

337

For sending Provisions, He. to New South Wales.

For carrying on the Prosecution against Mr. Hastings.

For maintaining Convicts on the Thames.

For D# at Langstone and Portsmouth, dec.

British Museum Trustees Petition. Accounts of D°.

distinguished, and the Totals of the same, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of sending Provisions, and sundry Articles, to the Settlement in New South Wales, and of the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against JVarren Hastings, Esquire, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which have been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours, &c.. and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Trustees of the British Museum, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Abstract off " the Accounts of the British Museum, for the Years " 1789 and 1790," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Abstract of " the Accounts of the British Museum, for the Years " 1791 and 1792," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Estimate for the " Accounts of the British Museum, for the Year 1793," be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1793, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1793, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

'Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Day appoint- Ordered, That the Bill for the better preventing e«l for a* Forgeries and Frauds in the transfers of the several Bank^Foree- Funds transferrable at the Bank of England, be read ri*s Bill? 6 a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Vol. 48.

Report Militia Estimate.

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to Cockertou Order, a Bill for repairing the High Road leading from Cockerton Bridge, near Darlington, in the County of BttiPpre- Durham, to Staindrop, in the said County: And the sented. same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Petition in Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, in Com- favour of mon Council assembled, was presented to the House, my|e and read; Setting forth, That, by a Survey lately ' ° taken, it appears that a Canal for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels may be conveniently made from the River Trent, in the Parish of Swarkstone, to and by the Town of Derby, to a Place in the Parish of Denby called Smithy Houses, and a Branch from the said intended Canal from or near the Town of Derby, to the Erewash Canal, in the Parish of Sandiacre, and another Branch from the said Canal at or near Cox-bench to or near Smalley Mill, in the Liberty of Smalley, all in the County of Derby, and the Petitioners are informed that a Bill is intended to be brought into the House for making and maintaining such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts, with proper Railways and other Roads to the same: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Rill for making and maintaining Dayap-a Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at, or near, pointed for a certain Place called Swarkstone Bridge, to and of

through the Liberty of the Borough of Derby, to Swarkstone Little Eaton, with a Cut out of the said Canal , in, or Canal Bill, near, the said Borough, to join the Erewash Canal, near Sandiacre, in the County of Derby, and for making and maintaining Railways or Stone Roads from such Cut or Canal to several Collieries in the Parishes of Denby, Horsley, and Smalley, in the said County, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Motion to - -That the House do now adjourn. adjoifl-n,

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, wllhdrawn* withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve 8oin8 i.nto a itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ^wnsiiferof of the Seditious Practices and Insurrections, referred to Seditious in His Majesty's most Gracious Speech at the Opening Practices,&c. of the present Session of Parliament; Neg.

It passed in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Means dewhole House, to consider further of Ways and Means fcrred. for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near Two of the Clock on Tuesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

4"B

Bill to separate the Chapels of Chor-ley and Kufford from the Parish of Croston, committed.

Manchester and Salter's Brook Roads Bill reported*

Hampton and Staines Road Bill passed.

Blackburn and Bars-cough Bridge Road Bill passed.

5° Martii. A. 1793.

Martis, 5* die Martii;

Anno 33° Georgii III,a Regis, 1793. Praters.

ABIL L for separating the Chapels of and

Rufford from the Parish of Croston, in the County of Lancaster, and for making them Two distinct Parish Churches, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -bume, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing Three several Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repcuring and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Lyne, and Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence

to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

" pass not over the Ford leading " from aforesaid, into

" Cuerdale Demesne, or."

And the scud Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge, in the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Heath, Common Pasture and Waste Lands, in' the Parish of Dunston, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Peter Lewis Robin, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Peter Letvis Robin.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act " for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

" the Road from the Guide Post, at the West End of " the Town of Hampton, over Common, to the

" Town of Staines, in the County of ,"was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending,

widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the " Guide Post, at the West End of the Town of Hampton, over Sunbury Common, to the Town of Staines,

" in the County of Middlesex."

Ordered, That Sir John Morshead do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing the Road from Blackburn to Burscough J Bridge, in the County of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12.1. 31. After "for," to insert "any Horses,

" Cattle, Carts, or Carriages, pass-

" ing or re-passing through any " Turnpike, now erected or hereafter to be erected in the said " Lane, in Fishwick aforesaid, called Tythe, or Tean Bam Lane,

" to or from the Houses or Lands " in Fuk aforesaid, if they 9

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Francois Mori, Philip Colomb, LouysGruaz, and John Amick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Francois Mori, Philip Colomb, Louys Gruaz, and John Amick.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Na.-vigable Canal from the Town of Brecknock, to the Monmouthshire Canal, near the Town of Pont y pool, in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways and Stone Roads from such Canal to several Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock and Monmouth, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 28. To leave out " Two," and insert " One," instead thereof.

1. 30. After " Plan," to insert " nor shall " any such deviation be made into " or carried through the Lands " of any Person or Persons not " named in the said Book of Reference."

Pr. 94.1.11. To leave out from " of" to " Shares" and insert "Five hundred" instead thereof.

Pr. 95.1. 20. To leave out from " of" to " Shares " and insert " Five hundred " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

' severally

Dunston Tn-cloiure Bill reported.

Robin's Nat* Bill passed.

More's, Colombo, &c. Nat. Bill passed.

Brecknock and Pont y pool Canal Bill passed.

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of to- the Monmouth-

shire Canal, near the Town of Pont y Pool, in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways and Stone Roads from such Canal to several Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock and Monmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Salusbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petitions in A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, Favour of the and other Inhabitants of the Town and County of the for^Derby" Town of Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto sub-and Shardlow scribed: And also,

Canal Bill. A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, in Common Hall assembled;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that Application is intended to be made to Parliament, in the present Session, for a Bill to make a Navigable Canal from the Town of Derby, to the Trent and Mersey Canal, at or near Shardlow, in the County of Derby, and from or near Shardlow aforesaid to the Nottingham Canal at Lenton, near the said Town of Nottingham: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petition A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trades-

agaiost men, and other Inhabitants of the Town and County Caul BUlT of the Town of Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that Application is intended to be made to Parliament, in this present Session, for a Bill to make a Navigable Canal from the Town of Derby into and through the Trent and Mersey Canal to the River Trent near to Swarkstone, in the County of Derby, and another Navigable Canal from the said Town of Derby to the Erewash Canal, which falls into the said River Trent about Two Miles below Shardlow, in the said County, and another Navigable Canal from Derby aforesaid to, or near to, a Place called Denby, in the said County; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion that a Canal from the said Town of Derby to the Trent and Mersey Canal at Shardlow, in Length about Six Miles only, and from or near Shardlow to the said Town of Nottingham, for which a Petition is intended to be presented to Parliament, will be of more general Utility to the said Town of Nottingham, and to the Public, and will be executed at much less Expence than the Three Canals first above-mentioned: And therefore prating, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill for the said Three Canals, and that the same may not pass.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, in Common Hall assembled, was also presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Petition.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of various Acts, passed in the present Reign, the Petitioners have, at great Expence and Hazard, completed a Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at or near Shardlow, in the County of Derby, to the River Mersey, at Runcorn, in the County of Chester, which has been productive of great Public

Vo l. 48.

Advantage; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making to the House for a Bill to make a Canal for the Passage of Barges, and other Vessels, from the River Trent, at or near a certain Place, called Swarkstone Bridge, to the Town of Derby, into, across, and through the Navigation of the Petitioners, and the Banks and lowing Paths thereof, and to make Locks out of the same down to the said River, which is near Twenty Feet lower than the said Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, at Swarkstone aforesaid; and that such proposed Canal, if authorized to be made and cut into and through the said Navigation, and to draw off the Waters that support and maintain the same, will be an Infringement and Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners, and highly injurious to their Property, and will form a Precedent of the most alarming and dangerous Tendency to every Person engaged in the Works of Inland Navigation; and that the Injuries, to be apprehended by the Petitioners from the said proposed Canal, are the more aggravated by the Circumstance of the said Canal not forming the most eligible Line of Communication with the said Town of Derby, a Bill being now depending for making a Canal from the Navigation of the Petitioners at Shardlow to the Town of Derby, with an Extension to or near the Town of Nottingham, which will open a safe, certain, and easy Communication between the said Towns, and many other large Trading Towns and Places, and be of much more general Utility, not only to the said Town of Derby, but to the Public, than the said Canal from Swarkstone aforesaid, without being injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill for making a Canal from Swarkstone Bridge to Derby, and that the Bame may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at, or near, a certain Place called Swarkstone Bridge, to and through the Liberty of the Borough of Derby, to Little,

with a Cat out of the said Canal in, or near, the said Borough, to join the Erewash Canal near Sandiacre, in the County of Derby, and for making and maintaining Railways or Stone Roads from such Cut or Canal to several Collieries in the Parishes of Denby, Horsley, and Smalley, in the said County, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town Petitions of Great Marlow, in the County of Bttcks, and of the against Ship-

Owners and Occupiers of Wharfs and other Property ^"rth Canal bordering on the River Thames, in or near Great Marlow Bill, aforesaid: And also, ♦

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford, and of the Owners and Occupiers of Wharfs and other Property bordering on the River Thames, in or near Henley aforesaid;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill hath been brought in for Powers to make and maintain a Navigable Canal, to be called The London and Western Canal, out of the Oxford Canal Navigation, within the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Oxford, and, after passing through Part of the County of Bucks, to join and communicate with the River Thornes at or

near

340 5° Martii, . 1793.

hear Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex', and that the Line of such intended Canal, in many Parts of it, passes so near to the Navigation of the said River Thames, which hath been lately improved, by Virtue of several Acts of Parliament, at a considerable Expence, that they conceive, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, and the said Canal be made, it will be in the highest Degree injurious to the Navigation of the Thames, by intercepting, cutting otf, or diverting several Springs or Streams of Water, which have usually flowed, and do now flow, into the said River, and will materially lessen the Depth of Water therein, especially in all dry Seasons, and thereby, and by other Means, obstructing, intercepting, and diverting,- the antient Trade and Intercourse which hath long subsisted by the said Navigation between the said Towns and Neighbourhood and the City of London: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill being passed into a Law, or have such other . Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Oxford Canal Navigation, within the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Oxford, to join and communicate with the River Thames at or near Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.:

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Lords The House proceeded to take into Consideration

to'warwkk* Amendments made by the Lords to the . Bill, in-and Binning- tituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navi-ham Canal gable Canal from or nearly from, a Place called The Bill agreed to Saltisford, in the Parish of Saint , in the Borough

of Warwick, unto, or near to, the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and to terminate at, or near to, a certain Navigable Canal in, or near to, the Town of Birmingham, called The Digbeth Branch of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz,

Pr. 22. 1. 8. After " Behalf" insert " nor belonging to any other Person " not named in such Book of " Reference."

Pr. 52. 1. 1. After " on" insert " and;" and in the same Line, and Line 2, leave out " supporting and maintaining" .

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. George Villiers do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their lordships.

Stowmarket An ingrossed Bill for effectually carrying into exe-and Ipswich cution an Act of Parliament, of the Thirtieth Year of gjg His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a 1 P4®* Navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for effectually carrying into execution an Act of Parliament, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for, making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Hotvard reported from the Committee, Stamford to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose p*^"*'*' Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of them- porle(j. selves and others, Inhabitants within the Borough of Stamford, and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, and Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, except that the Notice, required by the Standing Orders of the House to be given at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions, had not been given till the Christmas Quarter Sessions, and that, as no Toll was intended to be taken, nor the Public any Way burthened, it was apprehended that the Standing Orders would not attach; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Hugh Jackson and Mr . George Jackson being examined, said, That the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Causeways, within the said Borough and Precincts, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched, and some of them are very narrow, and, on Account of many Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances, are rendered unsafe, dangerous, and incommodious, to all Persons passing along the same — That it would conduce to the Safety and Convenience of all Persons residing within, or resorting to, the said Borough, if the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Causeways, were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated, and if such of them as are too narrow were widened, and all Encroachments, Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein, were removed, and prevented for the future. — That in the said Borough and Precincts there is a certain Common, called Tenter Meadoto, and also several Waste Grounds, or Waste Places, which are, in their present State, of very little Benefit to the Persons interested therein; but if the same, or so much as shall be found requisite, were inclosed, all Right of Common abolished, and the said Meadow and Waste Grounds sold, or let on Building or other Leases, and the Money arising therefrom applied towards the Expences of paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, and improving the said Borough and Precincts, it would be very advantageous to the Inhabitants thereof, and all Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Causeways, within the Borough of Stanford, and Precincts thereof, in the County of Lincoln, for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments therein, and for widening some of the Streets and Lanes within the said Borough and Precincts:

And that Sir George Howard, the Earl of Carysfort, and Mr. Heathcote, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Pierreponl presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty- iating°tfce*C* first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George PriceofBread

the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making presented;

u and with-01 drawn.

" of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize " thereof; and to punish Persona who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread{And the same was re-j ceived.

And Notice being taken. That the Title of the said Bill varied from the Order for preparing, and bringing in, the same;

Ordered, That Leave be given to withdraw the said Bill.

And the said Bill was withdrawn accordingly;

iun^ Bill Mr. Brandling reported from the Committee, to ported and whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Itsed. An Act to enable John Butcher, Esquire, and his Issue, to use the Surname and Arms of pursuant to the Will of Henry Rodbard, Esquire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Brandling do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Account, ice. The House being informed that Mr. Shoolbred, Company from Committee of the Company of Merchants

presented. trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called

in; and, at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1791 — The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading " to Africa, distinguishing every Article of Expence " under its proper Titled" And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 1791 — Orders and Regulations."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Coosidera- The House was moved, That the Order, made upon of BriberPa? ^e 22d Day of February last, for taking into further Stockbridge Consideration, upon Thursday next, the Report which Election de- was made from the Select Committee, who were icrred. appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Joseph Foster Barham and George Porter, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant March.

Report Sup. Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported ply. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it

was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Ordinary of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Sixty-nine thousand Two hundred and Five Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for Vox., 48.

the ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extra Navy. That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Eighty- ' seven thousand Seven hundred and Ten Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty's Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear ' and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Upper Ca-That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Seven hun- nada-dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence attending the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, from the 31st Day of December 1792 to the 31st Day of December 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Nova Scoti*' That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Three hundred and Fifteen Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the 1st Day of January-1793 to the 1st Day of January 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, New Bruns-That a Sum, not exceeeding Four thousand Four hun- wick> dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1793 to the 24th Day of June 1794-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, John's That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hun- 8 " dred Pounes, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the 1st Day of January 1793 to the 1st Day of January 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Cape Breton. That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Eight hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1793 to the 24th Day of June 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Newfound-That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand One hun- land* dred and Eighty-two Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundland, from the 1st Day of April 1793 to the 1st Day of Apt'il 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bahama That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Two hun- Island*, dred and Fifty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers, out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st Day of January 1793 to th® 1st Day of January 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bennmla That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Eighty Islands. Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the -muda or Somers Islands, from the 24th Day of June 1793 to the 24th Day of June 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dominica* That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the 1st Day of January 1793 to the 1st Day of January 1794.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, New South That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Six hun- Wales, dred Fifty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and One Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying

4S ' the

Address

Money.

Mr. Dailey, for enquiring into Emoluments of Officers of the Customs.

Board of

Land

Revenue.

A tnerican and East Fonda Suf-strers.

D°.

For sending Provisions, Ac. to New South Wales*

Expences of1 Mr. Hast- -ings's Prose* cution.

c *

A. 1793,

the Charge of the Civil Establishment of South Wales, from the loth Day of October 1792 to the 10th Day of October 17-93.

Resolved , That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-seven thousand Six hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sumi not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to John Dailey, Gentleman, towards defraying the necessary Charges incurred in and about the Execution of an Act, - made in the Twenty-tiinth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled, "An Act to authorize1 the Lord -High Treasurer,' or the Commissioners -of‘ the Treasury, to " appoint Two of the Commissioners of- the Customs " in England, and One of the (Commissioners of the " Customs in Scotland, to enquire into the Annual " Amount of the Emoluments of Officers of the " Customs and other Persons - employed; in that " Revenue," and which has not been made good by Parliament. > >

Reserved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Slim, which has been issued to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and which has not been made good by Parliament . < ..

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighteen - thousand and1 Forty-one Pounds Seven Shillings end Four Pence, be granted to 1 His Majesty, for the Payment-of such Part of the Principal and Interest thereupon as shall become due on or before the 1 oth Day of October 1793, on all the Orders made out pursuant to an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, , and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights in consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand Five hundred Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Payment of such Part of the Principal and Interest thereon as shall become due on or before the 10th Day of October 1793, on all the Orders made put, pursuant to an Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights ip Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,; That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-six thousand Three hundred and - Seventy Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Eight Pence* be granted to His Majesty, to make good the-like Sum which has been issued for. defraying the Expenof of sending Provisions and sundry.Articles to the Settlement in New South Wales, and of; the Amount of Bills drawn, and of other Expences incurred, on Account of the Convicts at that Settlement, and which has not been made good by Parliament- :- ... - >, ,.

Resolved, That it is the;Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds and Twelve Shil-

Mr. Campbell, for Convicts on the Thames.

Mr. Bradley, for Convicts at Laugstone and Ports* mouth.

Provision so Militia.

lings* be granted to, His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Wai~ren Hastings, Esquire, and which has not

been made good by Parliament.. ..

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Surry not exceeding Eleven, thousand, and Twenty-one Pounds Four Shillings and Five Pence, b® granted to His Majesty, to make, goad.,the like.. sum which has been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining* -maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which has not been made goqd by Parliament.. . ... k.

! Resolved, That- it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Four hundred and -Seven Pounds One Shilling and Fqur Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like -Sum which has. been issued to James Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Larigstone and Harbours, and which has not been made good, by

Parliament. -

Resolved, That it is the Opinion , of this Committee,

That Provision be -made for the Pay and Clothing of the Militia, for the Year. 1793. . :.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, uppp the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

1. Mr., Henry Hobart, according, tq Order,. reported American from the Committee, of the whole Hqusq, to whqm the ^|^d' Bill to continue the Lanss, now ,iq. Forpe.^ for regulat- ;ing the Trade between the Subjects of flis fyby^sty's Dominions, and' the Inhabitants, of, thp Terrenes belonging to the United States of America, so ,ffr as 1 the same relate to the Trade and, Commerce parried on between this Kingdom, and the Inhabitant? ,of( the Countries belonging to the said. United Spates* was committed, the.. Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill,. , and ..which they bad directed him to report to the House,; apd hex the tljeport 1 in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Talile: )Vliere the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then , a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question '.severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. , . , .

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered,: That, thffe Order ,of the' Day, for the Ilopse Committee to; resolvp itself into a Committee of the whole Hquse, °n kawlml* to consider further, of ,jh,e several Accounts, Papers, Acwunis,' and Reports, which hay?, been presented to this House &c. ip this Session of Payliaipent, From the Directors of the East India Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly ;,

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the C(i£pr.", .

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had cqme to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will1 please to receive the samp.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omit- Indemnity ted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to, indemnify Justices of the Peace,' or <'u others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualification? within tl^e Time limited by Law, and for giving further, Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose AdhnissioW have

04. been

5° — 6° Martii.

343

been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give farther Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorqies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then 'the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Martii;

Anno. 33* Georgii IIP11-Regis, 1793. Prayers.

AMES S A Cr E 'by Sir Francis > Gentle-

man Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords authorized by virtue of His; Majesty's ‘Commission for' declaring His Royal-Assent to several ' Acts agreed Upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in: the House of Peers, to hear the Commission rekd.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House,-went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His-- Majesty's Commission afore mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of,

His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Caand the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl Graham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion* and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in the Militia of this Kingdom,-and of Substitutes serving the rein, and to explain and* amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present' Majesty, intituled; " Ai» " Act for amending, and reducing into One Act of * Parliament, the Laws' relating to the Militia* in " that Part of Great Britain called *

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigablo Canal from, or nearly from, a Place called Saltish ford, in the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Borough* of Warwick, into, or near to, the Parish of in the County Of Warwick, and to terminate at or near to a certain Navigable Canal in, or near to, the Town Vol. 48.

of Birmingham, called Th$ FtigbelJi Branch of the Birmingham Ufid Birmingham md Fazetey Canal Navigations:

An Act for reviving, contipying, and amending certain Acts, of the Fourteenth ana Thirtieth Years of King George the Second, 30 far as relates to repairing the Road from the North End of fy'alsefield Bridge to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for vesting certain Estates of Robert Bad-broke, Esquire, in the Counties of Warwick artd Northampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies tp arise thereby in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses as the said settled Estates now stand limited:

An Act for naturalizing John James Vallotton.

The Earl of Courtoron reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Monday last {that His Majesty would Address, be graciously pleased to give Directions that Copies or Extracts of the Representations and Report therein mentioned might be laid beifore this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had . commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

- Mr. Scudamore reported from the Committee, to Crickhowell whom the Petition of several Trustees, named and act- Roads Peti-ing under the Authority of an Act, passed in the tion reported. Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " amending, widening, and altering the Roads leading from Crickhowell, in the Chunty of Brecon, to " the Cross Hands beyond'Aero the Turnpike

" Road, between the City of ‘Hereford and Ross, and " from a Place called The Lower CrossWays, in the Parish of Saint Maughan s, to the Town of Gressmount,

" in the County of Monmouth, and from a Smith's

Shpp at Stanton, in the Parish of Llanvihangel, to " Chapel a Fine, in the same County, and Irbm the " Turnpike Road in the Parish of Welcti Newton, in

the County of Hertford, to Ponttanasi, in the Parish " of Clyfidock, in the said County," and of several other

Persons, whpse Hands are thereunto. subscribed, was referred; That the Committee. had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him tOj.repqrt thq same, as it appeared to them, to the House;.ana he read the *

* Report in his Place; and afterward^ {ieliveced it iii at the Clerk's Table:- Where thesajne t^as read;apd is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Relition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Shanks being examined, said, ^hat the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable ^um of, Money, of which the Sum of 2,077 /. now remains Rue, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Hoads kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act, which is near expiring, be further continued, ^nd. ,the. Picryvers thereof altered and enlarged — And thq Witness farther

said, that it will be necessary to havp a small Increase

of Tolls upon Carriages drawing upon the said Roads

in the Winter- Months,

- Ordered, Thab-Leave.be, given to bring in a Bill for enlarging-the Term and Powers of, an, Act, of, the Twelfth Year of His present. Majesty, for^fipending, widening, and altering, the Roads leading from Crick--hetcell, in the County of Brecon, to the jCrossi hands

beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road.between, the

City of Hartford and Ross, and stopi a , Placecajled7'Ae

IgrwerCross Ways, ia.ttie Parish of

in the Town of Grossmount, in the County of Monmouth,

and

A. 1793.

344 6° Martiu

and from a Smith's Shop at Stanton, in the Parish of Llanvihangel, to Chapel a Fine, in the same County, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Welsh Nexcton, in the County of Hertford, to in

the Parish of Cluddock, in the said County: And that Mr. Scudamore and Mr. Salusbury do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Wakefield Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to ford "Road* w^om the Petition of several of the Trustees for put-Petition* ting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the

reported. Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Wakefield, to the Town of Abberford, in the West Riding of the County of , was referred: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined < the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared, to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards/delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Simondsbeing examined said, That for the Purpose of executing the Powers of the said Act, a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually amended, and rendered safe and commodious for Travellers, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and some of the Powers thereof enlarged — -And the Witness added, That as more Money will be wanted for the above Purposes, it will be necessary to increase some of the present Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Abbetford, in the West Riding of the County of York; And that Mr. Wilberfoi'ce and Mr. John Smyth do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Selby Ferry Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to and Market whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Road Peti- ot^er8» the East Riding of the County of York, tioareported. was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had*directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is qa followeth; viz.

'To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Swallow being examined, said, That the Road leading from Selby Ferry to a Place called Bubwith Ferry, and from thence to the Town of Market

ton, is in general very crooked and indirect, and in many Parts in a ruinous and dangerous State, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious for Passengers and Carriages; and that it would be of great Benefit if the said Road was properly amended and widened.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Selby Ferry, in the Parish of Hemingbroujgh, to the Town of Market Weighton, in the East Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. John Smyth do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to North Duf-whoin the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of the East Riding of the County of York, Bridge Peti-was referred; That the Committee had examined, and two reported, found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Richard Swallow being examined, said, That the present Ferry over the River Derxoent from the Township of North Duffield, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of in the said East Riding, is dangerous and inconvenient to Passengers; and that if a proper and substantial Carriage Bridge was erected and maintained over the said River, at or near the said Ferry, it would be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience to all Persons having Occasion to travel between the Towns of and Market Weighton, and of great public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Bubwith Ferry, in the East Riding of the County of York, and making proper Approaches thereto: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. John Smyth do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Sleaford and whom the Petition of the Right honourable Lord For- Tattmball tescue, and the humble Petition of the several Persons Roads Pen-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of UoDr*Port themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the County of Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with, except so far as relates to the Road from the West Side of Tattershall Ferry to the Town of

shall, it not having been intended, till lately, to make that Piece of Road, which is now a Public Road,

Turnpike, and that the same is not a Mile in Length, and the Owners of the Land on each Side are consenting thereto, and that the Trustees are to be restrained by the Bill from erecting any Gate, or taking any Toll, on such Piece of Road; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the: Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Benjamin Handley being examined, said, That the Road leading from the East Side of the Market Place in the Town of New Sleaford, to and through the Town of Anwick, and also, the Road leading from near the South End of the Town of North Kyme, through the said Town, over Billinghay Dales, to the River Witham at Tattershall Ferry, and also, the Road leading from the opposite Side of the said Ferry to the Town of -shall, are much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and greatly annoyed by Water in wet Seasons, and cannot be sufficiently amended, improved, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, and the said Ferry is very inconvenient for the Passage of Cattle and Carriages; and that it would be of great Advantage and Accommodation to all Persons using the said Roads, if the same were to be properly repaired and widened, and if a Bridge was to be built across the said River at the said Ferry.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

widening,

widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from the East Side of the Market Place in New Sleaford, to and through the Town of Anwick, in the County of Lincoln, and for making public the Drove Road from the said Town of Anwick to Kyme Praie Groundt, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road, near North Kyme Town, and for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from thence through the said Town of North Kyme, over Billinghay Daks, to the River Witham, and also the Road from the opposite Shore of the said River to the Town of Tattershall, in the said County of Lincoln, and for building a Bridge over the Witham, at, or near to, Tattershall Ferry: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition A Petition of the Commissioners, whose Names are

Shipton and hereunto subscribed, appointed by the several Acts of

Isleworth Parliament made for improving and completing the

Canal Bill. Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the Jurisdiction of the City of London near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, by the Authority, and in pursuance of the Directions, of the said several Acts, have borrowed, on the Security of the Tolls of the said Navigation, a considerable Sum of Money, and therewith have amended the Navigation of the said Rivers from Staines to Lechlade, being an Extent of about One hundred Miles, throughout which, in consequence of the said Amendments, the Carriage of Goods on the said Navigation is rendered more cheap, safe, certain, and expeditious; that the Petitioners have no private Interests in the said Public Undertaking, they receive no Emolument whatever for acting as Commissioners, and cannot act where they are interested, the Creditors only receive legal Interest for the Money they have lent on the Credit of the Tolls, and all Surplusses (after paying necessary Expences) are to be applied for Public Benefit, by reducing the Debt or lessening the Tolls; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill hath been brought in for Powers to make and maintain a Navigable Canal, to be called The London and Western Canal, out of the Oxford Canal Navigation, within the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Oxford, and, after passing through Parts of the County of Bucks near and Amer-

sham, to join or communicate with the River Thames at or near Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex, the Line of which intended Canal, in many Parts of it, passes so near to the Navigation of the said Rivers, so improved by the Petitioners, that they conceive, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, and the said Canal be made, it will be, in the highest Degree, injurious to the Navigation of the Thames and Isis by intercepting, cutting off, or diverting, several Springs, or Streams of Water, which have usually flowed, and do now flow, into the said Rivers, and materially lessen the Depth of Water therein, especially in all dry Seasons, and thereby, and by other Means, obstructing, intercepting, and diverting, the ancient Trade and Intercourse w'hich hath long subsisted by the said Navigation to the great Convenience and Benefit of the Towns of Abingdon, Wallingford, Reading, Henky, Marlow, Maidenhead, Windsor, and other Places on the Banks of the Thames and Isis, and will also unavoidably lessen the Security for the Money which hath been lent at legal Interest, on the Faith of Parliament, for the Improvement of the Thames and Isis: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill being passed into a Law, or have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall . seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Vol. 48.

Navigable Canal, from and out of, the Oxford Canal Navigation, within the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Oxford, to join and communicate with the River Thames at or near Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of - Petition iir north, in the County of Salop, in Common Hall assem- {?,your bled, under their Common Seal, and also of several and NetheZ Burgesses and other Inhabitants of Bridgnorth aforesaid, p0ol Canal whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was'presented Bill, to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Secern, at or near Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Nether Pool, in the County of Chester, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal: And praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Wharfs Petition for and Warehouses in Brentford, in the County of Middk- additional sex, was presented to the House, and read; Taking 3^,"n'.n Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Na- gton M(i vigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation, at Brentford Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the Canal Bill.-River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Houses, Lands, Wharfs, Warehouses, and Tenements, in the Township of New Brentford, in the Parish of Hamcell, and in the Parish of Ealing, in the said County of Middlesex, and from Time to Time, whereof Memory is not to the contrary, have, by their Ancestors, themselves, and their Agents, enjoyed the free Navigation of the River Brent, and particularly the Eastern Branch thereof, from the Mill above Brentford Bridge, to the Junction of the said River with the River Thames, in the said Township and Parish, free of any Toll or Duty whatsoever upon such Navigation; and that the Petitioners, desiring that such their Rights and Privileges may be preserved to them, have applied to the Undertakers of the said proposed Canal, and to the Promoters of the said Bill, and requested that Provision may be made in such Bill to preserve to them such Rights and Privileges, and also, that Provision may be made therein for widening, enlarging, deepening, altering, and improving the said River from Brentford Bridge, down and along the same, and the Eastern Branch thereof, until the Junction of the said River Brent with the said River Thames, to which Applications and Requests the said Undertakers and Promoters of the said Bill are willing to consent, if the House shall approve thereof; and that the Petitioners are Owners and Proprietors of Houses, lands,

Wharfs, Warehouses, and Tenements, on, near, or adjoining to, the Line proposed for the said Canal, by the Eastern Branch of the said River Brent, and are desirous of such Improvement, as greatly beneficial to the.

Public, and are all consenting thereto, and have given Public Notice of this their Application to the House:

And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for making the said intended Canal from Brentford Bridge along the River of Brent, and along the Eastern Branch of the said River to the Junction of the same with the River of Thames, by such Ways and Means as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the 4 T Consideration

Dunsley Moor Inclosure Bill reported.

Hudley,

South

Benfleet, See. Roads Bill presented.

Petition in favour of thf Application for Ashford and Maidstone Road Bill.

Bank Buildings Bill committed.

ldsal Inclosure Bill withdrawn.

346 ' 6° Marin. A.Y193.

Consideration' of Committee: Ant) that they do exa- otherwise' Pool Field, otherwise Drayton Field, the mine thfe Matter thereof; and report the some, ai it shall WykeField, the Church Field, otherwise Houghton appear to1 them, to the House: Meld, Houghton Middle Field, otherwise Patncd Field,

And it is referred to Mi?. Robinson, Sir Henry awd the Upper Field, otherwise Field, in the

Clinton, &c. r And they are to meet Tomorrow Mom- Parish of Ideal, otherwise in the County of

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; Salop, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and which Bill was, upon Friday last, read the First Time,

Records^ - and ordered- to' be read a Second Time;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

The Lord Mulgrave reported from the Committee, Ordered, That Leave he given to present a proper

to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- BiH instead thereof, mon, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Dunsley Moor,

within the Township of Nmkolm cum Dunsley, in the Mr. Whitbread, Senior, reported from the Com* Cardington Parish of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County mittee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees ap- and Barford of York, was committed; That the Committee had pointed for carrying into Execution an Act, made in pg^, ad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in- reported. House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com- tituled, " An Act for repairing and widening the Road plied with; and that the Committee had examined " from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be " of CardingUm, in the present Turnpike Road between true; and' that the Parties concerned had given their " Hitchin and' Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge,

Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Coro- ,f and foe continuing a Road from thence to the great mittee (except the Owners of Land rated to the Land " Northern Road, near Bridge, in the County

Tax at 8/. per Annum', and that' the Whole of the " of and also, of several Gentlemen, Clergy,

Land intended to be divided and inclosed is rated to and other Freeholders of the said County, who have the Land Tax at 727/. 7 s.8 d.per Annum; and that advanced Money on tho Credit of the said Act, was no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose referred; That the Committee bad examined, and found the BiH); and that the Committee had gone through that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to the Bill, and made ' several Amendments thereunto, Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that which they had directed him to report to the House; the Committee had examined the Matter of the said and, he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as-delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Clerk's Table: Where, the Amendments were Once Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, as followeth; viz.

were agreed to by the House. To- prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he said Act was read: And, ingrossed. A Member present informed youT Committee, That

the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be from Hadley Turnpike Gate to Stifford Bridge, and collected upoa the said Road, which still remains due, from a Farm House called Tarpotts to the Town of and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually South Benfleet, and from the Pound in the Town of repaired and widened, unless the Term of the said Brentwood to Tilbury Fort, and from Billericay to Act be enlarged, and other Powers granted: — And Herndon on the Hill, and from Stanford Bridge to he added, that it will be necessary to erect a Bar in Puifleet, in the County of Essex: And the same was a Lane near the Turnpike Road, in order to prevent received; and read the First Time. Waggons and Carts from avoiding the Payment of the

Resohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Toll.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH A Petition of the Mayor, Resident Jurats and Com- for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of moners, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Port an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His of Hylhe, in the County of Kent, and of the several present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road Gentlemen, Yeomen, and others, living in the Neigh- from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of -bourhood thereof, whose Names are thereunto sub- ington, in the present Turnpike Road between Hitchin scribed, was presented to the House, and read; Set- and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for conti-ting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that Ap- nuing a Road from thence to the great Northern Road, plication is before Parliament for a Bill for making a near Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford: And Turnpike Road from Ashford to Maidstone, in the said that Mr. Whitbread, Senior, and Mr. James Gordon do County: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into prepare, and bring in, the same, a Law,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom Leicester Table. the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation Navigation

from the Town of Leicester, to communicate with the A Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the River in or near the Town of Northampton, and

Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Naviga-

Ground contiguous to the Bank of England, was read tion, was re-committed; That the Committee had made a Second Time. several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Samuel directed him to report to the House; and he read the

Thornton, Mr. Pochin,&c.: And they are to meet Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Chamber. Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the The House being informed, that the Names of the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Commissioners were not inserted in the Bill for dirid- the House.

ing, inclosing, allotting, and exchanging Five Open Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Common Fields, commonly called Shiffnal Town Field, ingrossed.

An

Plymouth An ingrossed Bill for supplying the Towns of Ply-Waterlsiil mouth Dock, Stoke Dama Storehouse, and the Parts

read the adjacent, in the County of Devon, with Water, was read Third Time, the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that no Water shall be taken from the River Plym.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, enabling the Proprietors of the Undertaking to lay Pipes under certain Parts of the Fortifications at Plymouth Dock.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for laying Pipes for supplying the Barracks at Plymouth Dock with Water.'

And the said Clause was Thrice read;. and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for subjecting Persons to Penalties for clandestinely laying down Pipes to carry off the Water.

Debate on And a Motion being made, That the said Clause be br?n up brought up;

aClause P And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; adjourned. - Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day.

Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln, was read Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, the Earl Gower, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five Of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Littlehamp-Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting m;tted. *

" Piers in, and for repairing, and keeping in Repair,

" the Harbour of Littlehampton, called Arundel Port,

in the County of Sussex," and for empowering the Commissioners acting under the said Act to improve the Navigation of the River Arun, from the said Harbour, to the Town of Arundel, in the said County, was -read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Howard,

Mr. Thornton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Committee of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Freeholders and on Inverness-Owners of Land in the County of Inverness, was referred, bou^Petitkm be revived. revived.

A Bill for naturalizing Frederic Cyriac Zernitz, was Zernitz's read a Second Time. Nat. Bill

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gipps, connn‘tted' Mr. Howard, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Uttoxeter Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, and Staflbrd to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, diiofre-0' Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Staf-ported. ford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Collins being examined, said, That the Roads described in the Petition are very much out of Repair, and during several Months in the Year are dangerous to Horsemen, and from their Narrowness, in many Places, are nearly impassable for Carriages; and that the same cannot be effectually repaired, widened, secured against Floods, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

And the Witness further said, That the Repair of the said Roads will be of great Public Utility, by opening a Communication between the Towns of Lincoln, Nottingham, and Derby, and the Town of Shrewsbury and North Wales; and also between the Towns of Stafford and Cannock, and the large Manufacturing Towns of Walsall and Birmingham.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, diverting, ' and improving the Road from Stafford to Church Bridge, and also the Road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, all in the County of Stafford, and also the Road from Stafford to Newport, in the County of Salop: And that Sir Edward Littleton and the Earl Gower do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Covtobam A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure Bill Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other committed. Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Cocenham Saint Bartholomew and Covenham VoL. 48.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the Bill for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using, Cultivating, and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the same, and for holding in Severalty for ever certain Parts or Lots, being Part of the said Grounds, called Die Acre Ftn and Little Ferry Burrows, in the said Parish of Chatteris, is committed.

Voices to Committee on Bill for better regulating the Waste Grounds in Chatteris.

Mr. Secretary Dundas acquainted the House, That King's he had a*Message from His Majesty to this House, Message signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to employing a the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Body of 6 Members of the House being uncovered) and is as Hanoverian followeth; viz. Troops.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty having judged it expedient to employ in the Service of Great Britain a Body of His Llectoral Troops, for the Purpose of assisting His Allies the States General of the United Provinces, and of prosecuting in the most effectual Manner the ju6t and necessary War in which His Majesty is engaged, His Majesty has directed an Estimate to be laid before the House of Commons of the Charge attending the Employment of the said Troops; and His Majesty relies on the Zeal of His faithful Commons, that they will be ready to make the necessary Provision for maintaining the same.

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

.A

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for posed, That such Members of this House as may be exam‘Bing engaged in the urgent Business of their Constituents Members

in superseded.

6° Martii.

A. 1793*

House called over.

Defaulters

excused.

Members or-derrd to attend,

in Committees on contested Bills, be excused from their Attendance in this House, on the Appointment of any Select Committee for the Trial of contested Elections, on the 7th and 12th Days of this Instant March Orders of the Ordered., That the Orders of the Day be now

Day read. read.

And the Order of the Day for the Call of the House being accordingly read;

Ordered, That the House be now called over. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Speakers Chambers, the Court of Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was called over; and several of the Members appeared; and the Names of such Members as made Default to appear were taken down.

And the Names of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared; and several of them had been excused on Thursday and Monday last; and several others of them (except those who were ordered to attend the Service of the House Tomorrow Morning, as after mentioned) were now excused; some upon Account of their own. Illness, or the Death of near Relations, or as being in Parts beyond the Seas, or as being employed Abroad, or at Home, on the Public Service.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Basset, Baronet, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Lord Viscount Fielding do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Lord Robert Spencer do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That James Hare, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Lawrence Dundas, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Earl of Burford do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Clement Taylor, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Matthew Bloxam, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Orlando Bridgeman, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Earl of Carysfort do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Honourable Lionel Darner do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Lord Edward Charles Cavendish Bentinck do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Honourable Peniston Lamb do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning-

Ordered, That the Right honourable Lord Viscount Mtdleton do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Right honourable the Lord Mayor of London do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That IVHUam Beckford, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Earl of Barrymore do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That John Campbell, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Bank Forge-Reading of the BilL for the better preventing Forge- riea Billcom-ries and Frauds in the Transfers of the several Funds "ltted* transferable at the Bank of England',

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Way* and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means defer-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the red-Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Report on the whole House, to whom it was referred to consi- East India der of the several Accounts, Papers, and Reports, ^om 3 which have been presented to this House in this Session ^deferred, of Parliament, from the Directors of the East India Company, be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order, made this Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Motion for bringing up an ingrossed Clause, which was offered to be added, by Way of Ryder, to the Bill for supplying the Towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke Damarel, Storehouse, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, with Water, after the House should have proceeded upon the Orders of the Day, being read;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blanks with certain pecuniary Penalties;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. John Smyth accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another

Debate on Motion for bringing up a Clause proposed to be added to the Plymouth Dock, &c. Water Bill resumed.

349

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to he added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for supplying the Militia with Water, when within the Lines.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for supplying the Navy with Water in the Dock Yard, and The Sound.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to empower the Proprietors of the Works to take up the Pavement of the Streets for the Purpose of repairing the Pipes.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for supplying the Royal Hospital, and the Marine Barracks, with Water.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, respecting the Mode of making Dividends to the Proprietors of the Works.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3- I- 3- I

and To leave out " Sheepstor."

4* J

1. 26. To leave out from " Dort" to " and" in 1. 29.

Pr. 28. 1. 17. After " thereof " to insert " or to divert or turn, or anywise to diminish, any Water, or Spring " or Springs of Water, usually " flowing into and feeding any " River, 'Rivulet, Brook, or

" Spring, from which such Stream " is supplied with Water, or in " any Manner to prevent such " Water, or Spring or Springs of " Water, of any Part thereof,

from flowing into such River,

" Rivulet, Brook, or Spring."

1. 23. To leave out from " therewith" to " And" in Pr. 36. 1. 21.

J?r. 39. 1. 1. After " Plym" to insert " or on

" such Terms as may or shall be " hereafter mutually agreed upon " by and between the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and the Inhabitants of the said Town of " Plymouth ."

Pr. 4.4.1. 38. To leave out from " Shillings" to . " And" in Pr. 46.1. 6.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for supplying the Towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke Damarel, Stonehouse, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, with Water.

Ordered, That Sir John Call do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary1 at War presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Estimate, as far as the same can be made up, of the Charge of a Corps of Hanoverian Troops, taken into the Service of Great Britain, from 22d February 1793 to 24th December' following, both inclusive, being 306 Days: And also,

An Estimate, as far as the same can be made up, of the Charge of Levy Money, Camp Equipage, and other Expences, attending the Honoverian Forces, in the Service of Great Britain on their taking the Field.

And The Titles of the said Estimate? were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE, as far as the same can be made up, of the Charge of a Corps of Hanoverian Troops, taken into the Service of Great Britain, from 2 2d February 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 306 Days.

Numbers. Charge.

£. s. d.

Charge of General and Staff Officers - - - 18,263 19 9

Charge of Cavalry ----- ----- 2,513 77,410 6 4

Ditto of Infantry and Regimental Artillery ----- - 10,023 120,856 5 2

Ditto of the Train of Artillery - 1,588 21,723 3 5

Total - 11,124 £ 238,253 14 8

War Office,

6th March 1793. Geo. Yonge.

ESTIMATE, as far as the same can be made up, of the Charge of Levy Money, Camp Equipage, and other Expences, attending the Hanoverian Forces, in the Service of Great Britain, on their taking the Field.

Charge of Levy Money, Camp Equipage, and other Expences, attending the Hanoverian! a

Forces on their taking the Field.....- - -/ 2 7,590

War Office,

6th March 1793. Geo. Yonge.

Vol. 48.

4U

Plymouth Dock, &c. Water Bill passed.

Estimates of Hanoverian Troops presented.

350 6° — 7° Martii. A. 1793.

Ordered \That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Sargent have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

Petition for A Petition of the several Merchants and Owners of Provision in Vessels trading to Littleha in the Port of Littlehamp- in the County of Sussex, whose Names are thereunto ton Harbour subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Mer-®'11* chants and Owners of Vessels.

And the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for erecting Piers in, and for repairing and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of,

called Arundel Port, in the County of Sussex, certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, were appointed Commissioners for improving and preserving the said Harbour, to make a new Cut or Channel through the Sea Beach there, and to erect and make such Pier and Piers, Lock or Locks, and to do such other Works as should be thought necessary and convenient for the Purposes aforesaid; and Powers were thereby given to the said Commissioners to collect the several Rates and Duties, thereby made payable for sundry Kinds of Merchandize and Tonnage of Vessels, and to assign the same as a Security for Money to be borrowed, in pursuance and for the Purposes of the said Act; and, it was thereby further enacted, that when the said Commissioners were, by the said Duties, fully reimbursed the Principal Monies by them borrowed and laid out for the Purposes aforesaid, together with all Interest and Charges attending the same, One Half Part of the said Duties should cease, and the other Half thereof should continue, and be collected and paid, for keeping the said Pier or Piers, Lock or Locks, and other Works, in good and sufficient Repair, and for maintaining, keeping, and preserving, the said Harbour and River navigable; and that a large Sum of Money was subscribed and borrowed for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and Piers and Locks were erected, and a new Cut or Channel was made, in pursuance of the Directions therein contained, and all the Monies, subscribed for and borrowed by virtue of the said Act, together with Interest for the same, and all Claims whatever on the said Commissioners, in respect of the said Harbour, Piers, and Works, having been paid and satisfied, One Moiety, or Half Part, of all the Duties respectively granted by the said Act, hath accordingly ceased and determined; and that a Bill is now depending in the House, to explain and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting Piers in, and for repairing and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Littlehampton, called " Arundel Pert, in the County of and for em-

powering the Commissioners acting under the said Act, to improve the Navigation of the River Arun, from the said Harbour, to the Town of Arundel, in the said County, which Bill is to enable the Commissioners therein named to apply the Money already raised, and in the Treasurer's Hands, and also the Money hereafter to be paid by virtue of the said Act of the Sixth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for the Purpose of making a Haling or Towing Track from Littlehampton to Arundel, from which Towing Track no Benefit can arise to the Petitioners, although they contribute so largely to the Pier Dues, their vessels being too large to be navigated farther than Littlehampton; and that the Piers, &c. at Littlehampton, for the Repair of which the said Rates or Pier Does are paid and payable, under or by virtue of the Sixth of George the Second, are, at this Time, much out of Re-

pair, and (as the Petitioners are advised by experienced Workmen) not only the Money now in Hand, but the whole Tolls to be collected for Seven Years from this Time, will be wanted (within that Period) to be laid out in maintaining and repairing the said Piers, &c. so that if the Money raised by virtue of the said Act is applied in making a Haling or Towing Track, the Petitioners have reason to believe that it will be necessary to apply for a new Act to raise Money to repair and maintain the Piers, &c. although there is at present a Fund, which, together with the Dues to be hereafter collected, will be sufficient to answer all the Purposes intended by tl»e said Act of the Sixth of George the Second: And therefore praying, That their Case may be taken into Consideration, and that the said Bill now before the House may be so far altered, that the Tolls, Rates, or Dues, for repairing the Piers, &c. at Littlehampton, may not be applied in making a Haling or Towing Track to ,or

for any other Purposes than as by the said Act is directed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill i6 committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 7" die Martii;

Anno 33* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1793.

Praters.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration shafabmy the Petition of William Bryant, Esquire; and Election Pe-also the Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the 8 Borough of Shaston, otherwise Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions. /

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker proceeded to count the House, and having counted above One hundred Members, and it appearing that upwards of Four hundred Members were present; the Counsel and Agents were called into the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Name of Charles Yorkc, Esquire, being drawn,

he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was Chief Justice of the Isle of Ely, and as such obliged to attend the Assizes in that Islp the beginning of next month;

And the said Excuse being objected to, the same was withdrawn.

And the Name of the Lord Mayor of London being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he is obliged to attend his official Duties in the City of and

he was excused accordingly.

And

i^-

And the Name of the Earl of being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving oil the said Committee, That he has been in so ill a State of Health for some Time past that the Confinement of an Election Committee would be attended with the Risk of material Injury to himand he delivered in at the Table a Certificate from Dr. Halifax to that Effect, which was read; and the Substance of what was so alledged being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Name of the Honourable Andrew Cochrane being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was Aid de Camp to Lord Amherst, Commander in Chief of the Army, and is obliged to attend on that Duty every Day;

And the said Excuse being objected to, the same was withdrawn.

And the Name of the Lord Compton being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was Colonel of the Northamptonshire Militia, which is now marching in different Divisions towards the Coasts of Dorsetshire and Hampshire; that the Divisions will be all together the 13th of this Month, and that he meant to join his Regiment as soon after as possible; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Sixteen Members, then present, Were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of Andrew M'Dmoall, Esquire, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving oh the said Committee, That he expected every Hour to be sent on His Majesty's Service to raise a Corps jof Fencible Men in S

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Member be excused from serving on the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Name of the Marquis of Worcester being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was Major Commandant of the Breconshire Militia, now on their March to Newbury, that he bad just left his Regiment, and should be obliged to join them again on Monday next; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Name of the Right honourable Sir Richard Pepper Arden being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That, being Master of the Rolls, he conceived he could not attend the said Committee without material Inconvenience to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery; and he was excused accordingly.

1 And the Name of Lieutenant Colonel Lennox being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was under Orders to join his Regiment in Ireland on the 10th of April, and when he obtained Leave of Absence from the Regiment it was on Condition that he should bold himself in Readiness to return at a Moment's Warning;

And the said Excuse being objected to, the same was withdrawn.

And the Names of Thirty-three other Members then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Sir Henry Fletcher, Baronet, William Fel Esquire, Humphrey Senhouse, Esquire, the Right honourable Charles Tvamhend, and Nathaniel Smith, Esquire, were drawn, who having' sworn that they were Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, were excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Nine other Members, then present, were . Vox. 48.

drawn, and set aside; Two on Account of- their being Sixty Years of Age (before sworn); One as being a Petitioner to this House complaining of an undue Election and Return; and Six on Acco.unt of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners nomihated Colonel Macleod, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members nominated Charles Small Pyb Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

The Counsel and Agents being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Colonel Macleod and Charles Small Pybus, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Charles Yorke, Esquire, William Pochin, Esquire, Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire, Sir Alexander Hood, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Rath, Sir George Corneicall, Baronet, Thomas Williams, Esquire, Philip Rashleigh, Esquire, George Rose, Esquire, Sir Roger Mostyn, Baronet, Richard Benyon, Esquire, Richard Johnstone Vanden Bempde, Esquire, Sir Knatch-

bull, Baronet, Lieutenant Colonel Lennox, Colonel Macleod, Charles Small Pybus, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of William Bryant, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of Hans WintropMortimer, Esquire, were sworn by the

Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for heading the Trials of controverted Elections.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of the Honourable William Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Christopher Clayton, the Reverend William Smelle, and William Bell, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said. Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker proceeded to count the House, and having counted above One hundred Members, and it appearing that upwards of Four hundred Members were present; the Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked; ‘

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six 0lasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Name of the Right honourable Henry Dundas being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he before stated to the House on the

11th

Shaftesbury

Election

Committee

appointed.

Grimsby Election Petition considered.

352 7° Martii. A. 1793.

nth t)ay of February last; and having verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Twenty Members, then present* Were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of James Esquire, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was Colonel of the Cumberland Militia, which is now embodied at Whitehaven, and that he intended joining the Regiment as soon as possible; and having verified the same upon Oath; the said Excuse was objected to, and the same was withdrawn.

And the Name of John Esquire, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That, as a Master in Chancery, he is employed several Hours every Morning, besides occasional Attendances in the Afternoon, in the Business of his Office, and cannot serve without much Delay and Inconvenience to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery; and the Substance of w hat was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Name of Lieutenant Colonel Egerton being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That, as Lieutenant Colonel of the Seventh Regiment of Light Dragoons, he has much Regimental Business to attend to in London, and was often under the Necessity of going to Nottingham and Sheffield, w here the Regiment is quartered, upon Duty;

And the said Excuse being objected to;

The Counsel and Agents were directed to retire some Way from the Bar.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Member be excused from serving on the said Committee;

The House divided.

Yeas to the Right: Noes to the Left.

Teller for the Yeas, — The Lord , 265.

Teller for the Noes,- — Major Maitland, - 143.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Counsel and Agents were again called to the Bar.

And the Name of the Earl of Upper Ossory being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That be was Colonel of the Bedfordshire Regiment of Militia now out upon Service, and that he meant to join the Regiment on Monday next; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Name of Edmund Bastard, Esquire, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was Major of a Battalion in the Devonshire Militia now marching to the Neighbourhood of Portsmouth;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said Member be excused from serving on the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Names of Twenty-nine other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Thirteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Five on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards {before sworn); Two against whose Election Petitions were depending; One on Account of then serving on a Select Committee; and Five on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and the Counsel for the Sitting

Members nominated the Right honourable Charles James Fox, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read, for the Attendance Defaulters of the several Members who made Default to appear, Names on Yesterday, on the Call of the House; cafledfov

The Names of the said Members were severally 'a 0Tcr* called over, and several of them appeared, and were ex-cased; and several of them were excused on account of Illness, or as being in Parts beyond the Seas, or on the Public Service.

And the Names of Clement Tdylor, Esquire, Matthew Bloxam, Esquire, and John Campbell, Esquire, being called over, and they not appearing, nor any Excuse being offered for them;

Ordered, That Clement Taylor, Esquire, do attend the Others or-Service of the House Tomorrow Morning. dered 10

Ordered, That Matthew Bloxam, Esquire, do attend uttend-the Service of the House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That John Campbell, Esquire, do attend the Service of this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Names of the Members who did Defaulters not appear this Day, on the Appointment of the Select Names on Committee for Trial of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shaston, otherwise Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset and also, on the Appointment of the Select Committee for Trial of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, (which Names were set aside) be reported by Mr. Speaker to the House, Tomorrow, at Four of the Clock in the After-, noon.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Petition Council of the Borough of Stafford, in the County of from Stafford Stafford, in Common Council assembled: And also, sfwkstone

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Traders c^nal of the Town of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Canal from the Trent to the Mersey, which passes through the County of Stafford, and the other Canals branching from it to Coventry and Birmingham, have been productive of great Advantages, and are now essential to the Support of the Manufactures, Trade, and Commerce, of the said County; and that the Petitioners are informed that Application is intended to be made to Parliament, in this present Session, for a Bill, or Bills, to cut a Na-gable Canal through the said Trent and Mersey Canal, and the Banks and Towing Paths thereof, and to make Locks down from the same to the River Trent at Swarkstone, in the County of Derby, and another Navigable Canal from, and out of, and through, the Towing Paths of the Coventry Canal, near its Junction with the Trent and Mersey Canal at Fradley Heath, in the said County of Stafford, down to the said River Trent at Burton, in the said County, in a parallel Direction to the said Trent and Mersey Canal; and that, as the said projected Canals, by being cut through the Banks and Towing Paths, and by drawing off the Waters of the present established Canals, will not only impede the Passage of Boats and Barges thereon, but may eventually wholly obstruct the same, such projected Canals will be highly injurious to the extensive Trade and Commerce carried on by Means of the said Canals, and, among others, to that of the Petitioners, without affording u 02 Prospect

Prospect of any material Advantage to the Public: And therefore praying, That the said Bill or Bills, may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining, a Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at or near, a certain Place called Swarkstone Bridge, to and through the Liberty of the Borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a Cut out of the said Canal in, or near, the said Borough, to join the Ercwash Canal near Sandiacre, in the County of Derby, and for making and maintaining Railways or Stone Roads from such Cut or Canal, to several Collieries in the Parishes of Horsley,

and Smalley, in the said County, be read a Second Time.

Petition in A Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Traders favour of the of the Town of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, Application whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented smd Shardlow to House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti-Canal Bill, tioners are informed that Application is making to the House for a Bill to make a Navigable Canal from the Trent and Mersey Navigation at Shardlow, to the Towns o'f Derby and Nottingham: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

South Mil- Sir William Mordaunt Milner reported from the Lumb^In Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing closure Bill th® -Open Parts of the Common Fields, Commons, reported. and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Hamlets of South Mi forth and Lumby, in the Parish of Sherburn,

in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 88 Acres and One Rood of Field Lands,. 25 Acres and One Rood of Old Inclosures, and of Six Common Rights in South Milforth; and also, except the Owners of 25 Acres and Three Roods of Field Lands, and 26 Acres of Old Inclosures, in Lumby, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill; and also, except the Owner of One Acre and Two Roods of Field Land, who could not be found, and the Owner of Two Roods of Field Land, who is insane; and that the Whole ®f the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consists of 628 Acres and Two Roads of Field Land, and 945 Acres and One Rood of Old Inclosures, and 69 Common Rights, in the Hamlet of Milforth, and of 235 Acres of Field Land, and 243 Acres and One Rood of Old Inclosures, in the Hamlet of Lumby; and that no Person appeared before the Committee tq Oppose the Bill); and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Halifax, Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Bradford, to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in Debfo Bill Twentieth Year of His. present Majesty's Reign, as presented, relate8 to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Von. 48.

Bingley, Guiseley, Cahtrley, Bailey, Birstal, Mi field, Hartishead cum Cliftor, Almondbitry, burton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of , and for granting other Powers for those Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Bailiff and Capital Burgesses of Petitions in the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford: g3/°Tr And also, and Nether

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Bo- Pool Canal rough of Montgomery, in the County of Montgomery, Bill, in Common Hall assembled, whose Common Seal is thereunto affixed, and of several other Inhabitants of the said Borough, whose Names are therpunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, and other Inhabitants of the Town or Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiff and Burgesses of the Borough oiBishop's Castle, in the County of Salop, whose Common Seal is thereunto affixed, and of the several Burgesses and other Inhabitants of the said Borough, whqse Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at or near Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Nether Pool, in the County of Chester; and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Right honourable Sackville Earl Petition* in of Thanet, and the humble Petition of the^ several "rof]. Persons, whose Names are. thereunto subscribed, on *ationPfor* Behalf of themselves, and other Owners and Occupiers Maidstone of Estates in the several Parishes of Maidstone and *"d Ashford and Ashford, and several intervening Parishes, and else- Road BlU' where, in the County of Kent: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, &c. of the Town and Port of New Romney, in the County of Kent, and other Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood,

Owners and Occupiers of Estates;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is making to Parliament for a Bill for making Turnpike the Road from Maidstone to Ashford\in the County of Kent:

And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally or dered t.o lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petition are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, th#,

and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are isieworth'r Owners or Proprietors of certain Estates . upon, and and the adjoining to, the River Thames, consisting of, inter Braunston alia, certain Corn and Paper and other Mills, and of certain Tolls or Duties collected and received for Bills. ' Barges and other Boats and Vessels passing and re-passing upon the Navigation called The River Thames and Isis Navigation, which produce to the Petitioners considerable Annual Rents or Incomes, after deduct* ing all incidental Charges and Outgoings, and the Petitioners have lately expended several very considerable Sums of Money in the Improvement of the same Estates; and that the Petitioners have observed, that a Bill is depending before the House for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Oxford, Canal Navigation, at a certain Place within

4 X the

54 T Marts,. A. 1793.

the Parish of Shipton, in toe County of Oxford, through the interior Pacts of the Counties of Oxford, Buckingham, and Middlesex, to join and communicate with the River Thames, at or near Isleworth, in the said County of Middlesex, to be passed The London and Western Caned, and that another Bill is likewise depending in the House for farming a Navigable Canal from praumton, in the County of Northampton, to the River Thames, at New Bradford, in the said County of Jfiddiesex, to be passed The Grand Junction Canal', and that the Petitioners have been informed that divers Petitions, as wel) in Favour of, as against, the said projected Canals, have been presented to the House, and that One Petition hath also been presented to the House, praying that a Junction might be formed between the said Two intended Canals at or near Mersfvorth, in the County of Buckingham, and from thence to be carried, in One Line, into the River Thames', and that the Petitioners are very apprehensive their said Estates will, in Case the said Bill for the projected Canal from 'hipton to Isleworth should pass into a Law, or the same should be joined to the said Canal to be called The Grand Junction Canal, and thereby pass into a Law, be very materially injured, and lessened in their Annual Value, as well by the Tolls and Duties being diminished, as by the Trade of their Mills being reduced, the said projected Canal (to be called The London and Western Canal being proposed to commence at a Place but a few Mikes distant from the River Thames, and will, if carried into Execution, as the Petitioners conceive, be the Means of Goods and Merchandize being-transported from the said Oxford Canal to London by {that Line of Communication, whiph would otherwise be transported by the Navigation of the River Thames and Jsis, ana thereby be liable to pay a Dqty to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners conceive they shall be able to shew that the Navigation by $be River Thames is sufficient, from such its Vicinity to Ship ton aforesaid, where the said Canal, to be called The London and Western Canal, is to commence, to answer all the Purposes of Conveyance between the adjacent Country and the Port of London: Apd therefore praying the House to take under jtheir Consideration the Loss and Damage to which the Petitioners Property must be exposed if the Bill for the Canal, to be called The London and Western Canal, should pass into a Law, either in its present intended Line, or by its being united to the said Canal, to be passed The Grand Junction Canal, at aforesaid, or elsewhere, and that, in either Case, such Clauses may be introduced into the said Bills, or either of them, as may effectually secure to the Petitioners such Compensation, Satisfaction, or Recompence, as Justice shall require, and as to the House shall seem meet, and that they may be allowed to produce Witnesses, be heard by Counsel if necessary, and offer their Objections to the said Bills.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Oxford Canal Navigation, within the Parish of in the County of Oxford, to join and communicate with the River Thames, at or near Isleaoprth, in the County of Middlesex, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon jtheir Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Tifeie, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Petitionirofn A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Li-Wottmiuter berty of Westminster, was presented to House, and th^Dvty on Setting forth. That, by the Acts of the Ninth of

Coal*. Anne, Cap. 22, and First of George the First, Stat. 2.

Cap. 23, the following Duties were imposed on all Coals and Culm imported and brought into the City

of London, or the River of Thames within toe Liberty of the said City upon the same River, viz. Three Shillings per Chalder or Ton on Coals, and Three Shillings per Chalder on Culm, for the building of Fifty Churches in and near the Cities of London and Westminster, and for certain other local Purposes specified in the aforesaid Acts; and that, in consequence of the ImpoatB of Five perCent. granted in the Years 1779 and 1782 by the Acts of the Nineteenth of George the Third, Cap. 25, and the Twenty-second of George the Third, Cap. 66, together with Additions by the Consolidation Act, of the Twenty-seventh of George the Third, Cap. 13, to raise the Fractions to Integers, the aforesaid local Duties have been augmented to Three Shillings and Four Pence per Chalder or Ton on Coals, and Three Shillings and Three Pence per Chalder on Culm, and it appears, by Computations now made, that, prior to the Year 1731, the Produce of the local Duties had made good a full Compensation to Government for the Expence of the local Benefits conferred:

That the aforesaid local Duties of Three Shillings and Four Pence per Chalder or Ton on Coals being levied on the Port of London, and on no other Port in the Kingdom, prove highly detrimental to the Iron, Copper, jChymical, and (jlass Works, Breweries, and Distilleries, and many other Manufactories carried on in and near the Cities of London and Westminster, and has a Tendency of raising the Price of almost every other Necessary of Life, through the universal Operation of those local Duties in the various Branches of Manufacture, and, as the aforesaid local Duties attaoh directly on one of the principal Necessaries of Ufa, and indirectly on others, the Burthen falls chiefly on the inferior Orders of the People: And therefore submitting the Premises to the Consideration of the House, and praying such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergymen, Traders, Petitions in Manufacturers, and others, residing within the City of £a,your of Oxford, and Suburbs thereof, whose Names are there- js^worth" junto subscribed: And also. Canal Bill.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Hillingdon, in the County of Middlesex, and Township of Uxbridge, within the said Parish: And also,

A Petition of the Land Owners and Occupiers of Land of the Parish or Township of Harlington, in the County of Middlesex: And also,

A Petition of the Land Owners and Occupiers of Land of the Parish or Township of Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex:

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Oxford Canal Navigation, within the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Oxford, to join and communicate with the River Thames at or near Isleworth, in the County of Middlesex:

And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to fie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Page and Sir William be Members

added to the Gentlemen who ard appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the ford^Charity Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Bill, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Charitable Uses,

" extending the Objects, and regulating the Application (( of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir " William Harpur, Knight, auto Dame Alice his Wife,

" for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of " Charity, of the Town of Bedfordand for the better Management and Disposition of the said Estates, and the Rents and Profits thereof.

Ordered,

Account of Produce of Taxes ordered.

Report on East India Company's Accounts, &c.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the 5th of January 1792 to the 5th of January 1793, distinguishing the Produce of each Tax amounting to more than 1,000l.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Accounts, Papers, and Reports, which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, from the Directors of the East India Company, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, on an Average of Three Years, 1787 to 1789-90 inclusive, the Revenues of the several Presidencies of Bengal, Madras, and Bombay, have amounted to Six Millions Eight hundred and Ninety-seven thousand Seven hundred and Thirty Pounds per Annum, and the Charges incurred in the Civil and Military Establishments, as far as can be ascertained, to Five Millions Two hundred and Thirty-three thousand Seven hundred and Seventeen Pounds per , valuing

the Current Rupee at Two Shillings, the Star Pagoda at Eight Shillings and the Rupee at Two

Shillings and Three Pence.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, allowing Fifty thousand Pounds per Annum for the Expences of Bencoolen and Penang, the Net Revenues of the British Possessions in India on the foregoing Average, have amounted to One Million Six hundred and Fourteen thousand and Thirteen Pounds per Annum.

Resolved', That it appears to this Committee, That the Revenues arising from the Countries ceded to the Company by Tippoo Sultaun at the Termination of the late War, stated in the Treaty at Thirteen Lacks, Sixteen thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five Pagodas, and which Countries are estimated, by the Court of Directors, to produce Three hundred and Ninety thousand Pounds per Annum, are npt included in the foregoing Average Amount of Revenues.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the future Revenues of the British Possessions in India are estimated, by the Court of Directors, to amount to Six Millions Nine hundred and Sixty-three thousand Six hundred and Twenty-five Pounds per Annum, and the Civil and Military Charges (including One hundred and Four thousand Four hundred and Fifty Pounds for Commercial Charges) to Five Millions Three hundred and Forty-two thousand Five hundred and seventy-five Pounds per Annum.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Net Revenues of the British Provinces in India, after defraying the Civil, Military, and Commercial Charges, are estimated, by the Court of Directors, at One Million Six hunched and Twenty-one thousand1 and Fifty Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Debts owing by the East India Company at the several Settlements in India amounted, on the 31st Day of January 1792, as dear as can Be ascertained, to the Sum of Nine Crore, Eight Lacks, Forty-five thousand1 Five hundred and Eight Current Rupees.

Resoltoed, That it appears to1 this Committee, That the Amount of the Debt, bearing Interest, on the 31st Day of January 1792, was Six Crore; Ninety-three1 Lacks, Thirty-nine thousand Four hundred and' Thirty-two Current Rupees, and1 that the1 Amount of that Interest was Fifty-nine Lacks, Twenty-two thousand and Ninety Current Rupees; but that, from later Advices, the Amount of DfeBt bearing Interest isi stated by the Court of Directors at Six Millions Six

Vo 1.. 48.

hundred and Sixty-nine thousand and Eighty-two Pounds, and the Amount of that Interest at Fire hundred and Sixty-one thousand Nine hundred and Twenty three Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, after deducting the Interest payable on the Debts in India, from the Excess of the Revenues above the Civil, Military, and Commercial Charges, the Net Surplus is estimated at One Million and Fifty-niofe thousand One hundred and Twenty-sevten Pounds per Annum.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, on the Average of the Three last Years, from the 1st Day of March 1790 to 1793, the Prime Cost of Goods sold by the East India Company has amounted to Two Millions Fivo hundred and Fifty thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds per that

the Customs payable on those Goods has amounted tb Six hundred and Twelve thousand Two hundred and Thirty-one Pounds per Annum, the Charges df Freight and Demorage to Seven hundred and Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Fifty-three Pounds, and the Charges of Merchandize to Three hundred and Six thousand One hundred and Eighty-five Pounds per Annum, making the Total of Prime*Cost and Charges Four Millions One hundred and Eighty-six thousand Five hundred and Ninety-seven Pounds per Annum.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Goods sold by the Company in the last Three Years, on an Average, have amounted to Five Millions One hundred and Three thousand and Ninety-four Pounds per Annum, which exceeds the Prime Cost and Charges by Nine hundred and Sixteen thousand Four hundred and Ninety-seven Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Prime Cost, and several Charges of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, of the Goods to be sold by the East India Company, are estimated, by the Court of Directors, to amount to Four Millions Two hundred and Forty-four thousand Six hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds per Anrium.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sales of Goods by the East India Company are estimated, by the Court of Directors to amount to Four Millions Nine hundred and Eighty-eight thousand Three hundred Pounds per Annum, which exceeds the Prime Cost and Charges by Seven hundred and Forty-three thousand Six hundred and Two Pounds.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges and Profit on Private Trade, on the Average of the last Three Years, have amounted to Eighty-three thousand Three hundred and Ninety-three Pounds per Annum, and are estimated, by the Court of Directors, to amount to Seventy thousand Pounds per Annum in future.

Resolved, That it appears to fthis Committee, Tha£ the Net Surplus on the Whole of the Revenues and Trade of the East India Company* after paying Eight per Cent. Dividend on the Capital Stock of Five MHr lions, is estimated, by the Court of irectors, to amount to One Million Two hundred and Thirty-nine thousand Two hundred and Forty-one Pounds per Annum.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, in the last Three Years, Two Millions Eight hundred and Twenty-one thousand One hundred and Eighty-three Pounds of the Principal and Interest of die Dfebt transferred from India to England, has been discharged1 by the East India Company.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, THaf die Debts owing by the Eetst India Company at Home, under the Head of Annuities, Bonds, BiHs of Exchange, Customs, and Debtis contracted in the ordinary Course of their Commereia!l, Transactions, are' calculated to amount, on the 1st Day of March 1793

(including

T° — 8° Martii.

A. 1793.

(including One Million Three hundred and Fifty-four thousand and Fifty Pounds of Debt transferred from India) to Ten Millions Six hundred and One thousand and Sixty-nine Pounds, exclusive of the Capital Stock.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Effects of the East India Company in England, and a-float Outward, consisting of the Amount due from Government on Annuities to the Company, Cash in the Treasury, Goods sold not paid for, Goods unsold. Cargoes a-float, and other Articles in their Commerce, are calculated to amount, including the Balance of Quick Stock in China, tp Thirteen Millions Fifteen Thousand Four hundred and Forty-nine Pounds, exclusive of Four hundred and Twenty-two thousand and Eleven Pounds, charged as Expences incurred on Account of French Prisoners, in an Expedition to Manilla, and for Hospital Expences.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Value of Assets in India, consisting of Cash in the Treasuries, of Bills receivable, of Goods provided to be shipped for England, of Goods imported to be sold in India, of Salt, Opium, &c. and of Stores for Use or Sale, amounted, according to the latest Advices, to Four Crore, Nine Lacks, Eighty-spur thousand and Fifty-one Current Rupees, exclusive of the Debts stated to be owing to the Company there, amounting to the Sum of Three Crore, Fifty-one Lacks, Eighty-three thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-two Rupees.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of " Pawnbrokers."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 8' die Martii j

Anno 33° Georgii III1'* Regis, 1793. Prayers.

Grimsby

Election

Committee

appointed.

St8 A'" tI*«° L°C««e SuK £ «£

said Lists which had been struck hv the said Counsel Wharfs> and ^lher Pr0Perty bordering on the River worth cm!

V -i b\ the fld \°unsel Thames, in or near New Windsor aforesaid was pre- $11.

mh.s Presence, together with anew List of the Names the House, and read; Taking Notice of the

Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Oxford Canal Navigation within the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Oxford, to join and communicate with the River Thames at or near

of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of the Lord Ad-yocate of Scotland, and the Right honourable Charles Jatnes Fox, being added, the same was called over; as is as follows:

Thomas Master, Esquire, Maurice Rotomon, Esquire, u f'ffp "d. Settins

James Butter, Esquire, Sir Christopher HawUnfiarol ,lh„e " TS?

oof 0;, VeriLes. q;, of it, passes so near to the Navigation of the

net, Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Baronet, Sir Charles n; V r v, X vXi Toil- a

was

Edmund Bastard, Esquire, Alexander Brodie, Esquire, the Lord Arden, Henry Thornton, Esquire, the Lord

Advocate of Scotland, the Right honourable Charles James Fox.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the Honourable William Wesley Pole and Robert Wood, Esquire; and also of the Petition of Christopher Clayton, the Reverend William , and William Bell, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves, and many other Electors of the said Borough, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers,

of Parliament, that the Petitioners conceive, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, and the said Canal be made, it will be, in the highest Degree, injurious to the Navigation of the Thames, by intercepting, cutting off, or diverting several Springs or Streams of Water, which have usually flowed, and do now flow, into the said River, and materially lessen the Depth of Water therein, especially in all dry Seasons, and thereby, and by other Means, obstructing, intercepting, and diverting the ancient Trade and Intercourse which hath long subsisted, by the said Navigation, between the said Town and Neighbourhood, and the City of London: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill being passed into a Law, or have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

Tuition fl

^ A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and ——

appointed for heating the Tnala of eontroTerted IntobiBmU of Bor 'h of io the '*«"«

Elections. County of Berks, was also presented to the House,

and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; Resolutions Then the said Resolutions, reported from the Com- and Setting forth, That tire Petitioners conceive such on East India m\ttee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Canal will not be of public Utility, as there is already Company's to ctma\flet of the several Accounts, Papers, and Re- a Canal from the River Severn, made only a few Years aarnTto. C' P°Tte' which have been presented to this House, in ago, to communicate with the Thames or Isis at or 6 this Session of Parliament, from the Directors of the near Leachlade, in Gloucestershire, and a River Navi-

East India Company, being severally read a Second gation from thence to London, by which all Kind of Time, were, upon -the Question severally put there- Goods may be conveyed from Rll the Western Parts of upon, agreed to by the House. the Kingdom to by Water; and that the said

River,

33 Geo. Ill*

&° Martii

k

River, in its Course, passes by the said Borough of Wallingford, and many other Market Towns situated on the Banks thereof, and the chief Business of the said Markets is the Corn Trade, from whence the Metropolis is principally supplied; that the Springs and W ater flowing into the said River in dry Seasons are not, at all Times, sufficient' for the Navigation

357

tended Canal: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table;

A Bill for making and maintaining A Navigable Shrewsbury Canal from the River Severn, at or near f®1d Nether

---- - ' Jr' Pool Canal

thereof, and the Petitioners are apprehensive it is not in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or heat practicable to make and maintain the said intended 'KT^1 ? /,'J — 1 r‘r" ----- >--

Canal without 'taking or intercepting many of the Sources, Springs, and Feeders of the said River, and in such a Manner as will prevent, or much injure, the Navigation thereon, and occasion the River to grow up in many Places, and create Swamps, which would not only be an essential Injury to the Trade of the Petitioners, and the Public, but also render the Country unwholesome; and that the said River has been improved on the Faith, and under the Sanction* of several Acts of Parliament, with a View to the Western

Nether Pool, in the County of Chester, and also certain mitted Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bili be committed to Mr. naston, the Lord Clive, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

com*

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trades- Petition in men, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Leicester, favour of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented ^ardo^ Trade in particular, and it has always been considered to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pe- Canal Bill,

as a great National Object: And therefore praying, titioners observe, by the Vdtes, that a Bill is depend-

That the said Bill may not pass into a Law. ing for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of

Petition from A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town Derby, to the Trent and Mersey Canal, at Shardlozv,

«h‘ Reading, the County of Berks, and of the Owners in the County of Derby, and from thence to the Not-

toTamlisle*" au^ Occupiers of Wharfs, and other Property* bor- tingham Canal, hear to the Town of Nottingham:

north Canal M

dering on the River Thames, in or near to Reading aforesaid, was likewise presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Line of such intended Canal, in many Parts of it, passes so near to the Navigation of the River Thames, which hath been lately improved by virtue of several Acts of Parliament, that the Petitioners conceive, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, and the said Canal be made, it will be, in the highest Degree, injurious to the Navigation of the

And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill fof making and maintaining a Navigable Graiitham Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of Grantham, Canal Bill in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, near com, nltte<, Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Cropwdl

Thames, by intercepting, cutting off, or diverting se- to the Town of Bingham, both in the County

veral Springs or Streams of Water which have usually of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

flowed, and do now flow, into the said River, and will materially lessen the Depth of Water therein, especially in all dry Seasons, and thereby, and by other Means, obstructing, intercepting, and diverting the ancient Trade and Intercourse which bath long subsisted, by the said Navigation, between the said Town and Neighbourhood and the City of London:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. chin, Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom Braunston

the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable and Brent-. - - - 6- -6 ford Canal

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at B-n n

themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill being ston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River aac| ^com-

passed into a Law, or have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the first and last mentioned

Thames at New Brentford, in the County of mitted*

and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation; ana

Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, also, the Petition of the Right honourable Frederick

Petitions in favetnr of Shrewsbury sod Nether Pool Canal Bill

Augustus Earl of Berkeley; and also, the Petition of the Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Gentlemen and others, whose Names are thereunder written, Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands within the Parishes or Districts of Hillingdon,

Hayes, Norwood, Southal, and Drayton, in the County of Middlesex; and also, the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Farmers, Traders, and others, residing in the several Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, Hertford, and Bedford; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed,

It

or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council of Liverpool, in Common Council assembled: being Owners of Estates, or Residents, in the several And also, Parishes and Places of Hillingdon, Cowley, Drayton,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Assistants , and other Places between the Town of

of the Town of Shrewsbury, in Common Council as- Uxbridge and the River Thames, in the County of sembled; Middlesex; and also, the Petition of the Commissioners,

Were severally presented to the House, and whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed by read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making the several Acts of Parliament made for improving and maintaining a Navigable' Canal from the and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames River Severn, at or near Shrewsbury, in the and from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the Town near Nether Pool, in the County of Chester, and of Cricklade, in the county of ; and also, the also certain Collateral Cuts from the said in- Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Wharfs, in Vox. 48. 4 Y the

8" Martii.

A. 1793;

the Port of London; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Bedford; and also, the Petition of the several Gentlemen, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being of the Committee for, and on behalf of, themselves and the rest of the Petitioners for The London and Western , were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had heard the Fifth-mentioned Petitioners by their Counsel, and had also heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with, the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Little Bow- A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Rockingham Foot of a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Little Road Bill Bowden, in the County of Northampton, commonly committed, called Saint Marys Bridge, to the West Side of the Toll Bar at the North End of the Tow ham, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Dickins, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Petition from Derby against Derby and StaardW , Canal Bill.

Parliament, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and on which River the Petitioners are informed, that Goods may be navigated considerably cheaper than on the said intended Derby and Nottingham Canal: And therefore praying,

That they may be heard, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill for making the said Derby and Nottingham Canal, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of Charles Earl of Harrington, and the petition from humble Petition of several Owners of Lands, in the the Earl of Counties of Derby and Nottingham, was also pre- H"ri"St011 sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the ggainSters' Bills mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and Derby «nd Setting forth, That the whole Length of the intended Shardlow Derby Canals and Railways, or Stone Roads, is about Canal BUI. Twenty-four Miles, and of the Derby and Nottingham Canal is about Fourteen Miles, which last mentioned Canal will be made over the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, and by the List of the Land Owners annexed to the Petition presented to the House for making the Derby Canal and Railings, it appears, that all the Owners of Lands on the Line of that Canal (except for the Length of about One Mile) are consenting that the said Canal and Railways shall be made over their Lands, and, by the List annexed to the Petition for making the Derby and Nottingham Canal, it appears that the Land Owners, to the Extent of only about Four Miles on the Line ml A^TtnrMn'Z l^at Canal, have consented to making thereof; and , that the making the Derby and Nottingham Canal will

materially injure the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, and the Petitioners are well assured that the Part of the said Derby and Nottingham Canal, intended to be made from Derby to is an useless and.

unnecessary Undertaking, as Merchandize, Coal,

Lime, and other Articles, will be navigated and carried upon the said Derby Canal at a cheaper Rate than on the intended Derby and Nottingham Canal; and

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Derby, was presented that the Part of the said Derby and Nottingham Canal,

to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in the House, for making; and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at, or near, a certain Place called Swarkstone Bridge, to, and through, the Liberty of the Borough of Derby to

intended to be made to the Nottingham Canal at Zen-ton, is also an useless and unnecessary Undertaking, as the same will run parallel with, and near to, the River Trent, which has been navigable many Years, and is improving, under certain Powers granted by an Act, passed Little Eaton, with a Branch from the said Canal at, or in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present near, the said Borough, to join the Erewash Canal, Majesty, and on which River, the Petitioners are in-at, or near, Sandiacre, in the said County of Derby, and formed that Goods may be navigated considerably for making and maintaining Railways, or Stone Roads, cheaper than on the said intended Derby and from the said Canal, to several Collieries in the Pa- ham Canal: And therefore praying, That they may be vishes of Denby, Horsley, and Smalley, in the said heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, County of Dei'by, which said Canal, Cut, and other against the said Bill for making the said Derby and Works, are to be made by and at the Expence of se- Nottingham Canal, and that the same may not pass into veral Persons to be incorporated by the Name of a Law.

The Derby Canal Company, and that another Bill is also depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Derby, to the Trent and Mersey Canal at Shardlaw, in the said County of Derby, and from the Trent and Mersey Canal to the Nottingham Canal at Lenton, in the County of Nottingham, by and at the Expence of several Persons to be

incorporated by the Name of The Derby and Notting-

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

s

a

Ii

ft

ii

l!

1

X

X

II

fi

fl

Hr

x

Ii

x

k

k

Co

in

Ai

To

Mr. reported from the Committee, to Milton Moot

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, 1 netware Bill a certain Moor or Common within the Manor of repoue Milton, in the Parish of Kewstoke, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had ham Canal Company; and that the Petitioners are well examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the assured, that that Part of the said Derby and Notting- House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com-ham Canal, intended to be made from Derby to Shard- plied with; and that the Committee had examined lm\ is an-useless and unnecessary Undertaking, as Mer- the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be cliandize, Coal, Lime, and other Articles, will be na- true; and that the Parties concerned had given their vigated and carried upon the said Derby Canals, at a Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-

~ ‘ mittee (except the Owner of Two Common Rights,

tingham Canal, and that that Part of the said Derby who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole N umber of Common Rights belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure are Twenty; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which

and he read

cheaper Rate than on the said intended Derby and Nottingham Canal, and that that Part of the said Derby and Nottingham Canal, intended to be made to the said Nottingham Canal at Lenton, is also an useless and unnecessary Undertaking, as the same is intended to be made in a parallel Line with, and near to, the River Trent, which has been navigable many Years, and is improving under certain Powers granted by an Act of they had directed him to report to the House;

12

8° Mavtiii

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Pr. 10. T. 18.

359

certain" to

To leave out from " Cottage," in 1. 24.

1. 27. To leave out " said" and insert " late" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and

Brewton Kradj Bill ptcseoted.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly, ingrossed. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Mr. Hippisley Core presented to the House, according Canal from the Wand Birmingham Canal Na-

to Order, a Bill for continuing the Terms, and al- vigation, in the Parish of King's Norton, into the Botering, enlarging, and consolidating, the Powers of rough of Stratford upon Avon, and also certain Colla-

Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads and Streets in and near the Town of Brewton, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from the Turn* pike Road, at the West End of Brewton aforesaid, to the Westminster Turnpike Road in Norton Bavant Field, in the County of Wilts, and the Road leading from Kilmington Common, to the North End of Common, in the County of Somerset, and from Maiden Bradley, in the said County of Wilts, to Gare Hill, in the County of Somerset, and the Road from the Brewton Turnpike Road on Hollwell Hill, to the Frome Turnpike Road at Honey Thorn Hillti in the said County of Somerset, and the Road from Ludwell's Elm, to the

teral Cuts from the said intended Canal.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Voices to Committee, to whom the Bill for making and main- ^"gIoucw-taining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at t "r anj or near the City of Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley Pill Berkeley Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley, in the County Canal Bill, of Gloucester, is committed. v

Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to Langley Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a South Corn-certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, Bill°" called Langley South Common, within the Barony dr presented. Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the

SomertonTurnpike Road at Castle Carey, in the said County of Northumberland: And the same was re-County of Somerset, and the Road from the West End ceived; and read the First Time.

of Breirton aforesaid, to the House of Richard Chaffin, in Week Champfiawer, in the said County of Somerset And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

LAg«s Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, fruition (0 whom the Petition of Charles Cole, John Stephenson, Richard Oates, John James, Edward Biley, Thomas Olivie Prout, John Tregellas, John Tregellas the Younger, Michael Tonkin, Nicholas Donnithorne, and Walter Tregellas, Esquires, on behalf of themselves

and the Inhabitants of the Parish of in

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to Grindon Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a Common Incertain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, panted, called Grindon Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Win the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; ana read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Grey presented to the House, according to Thomgraf-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a ton 1 "closure

1

j — Q, ----- ----- --- O' TJ'jl

_ , „ „ ,» , - , certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, „

the County of Cornwall, was referred; That the Com- caUed , and also certain Common se"led-

imttee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, v{pUa nr t?«w »nrl PWp* of T anH within tB* and had directed him t6 report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Thomas Warren, Esquire, being examined, said, That at the Cove, and within the Manor of Trevaunance, in the said Parish, is a proper Situation for the Erection of a Pier, and which, if erected, will not only prevent the frequent Wrecks happening, from Time to Time, in the Bristol Channel, but will tend greatly to the

Fields or Dales, and Pieces of Land, within the Township of Thorngrafton, all within the Barony or Manor of Wark, and in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Million Bank

whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Bank or Petition Fund, called The Million Bank, was referred; That rePorted‘ the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the

Increase and Prosperity of the Mining and Fish Trades Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at of the County of Cornwall, and will also be of great the Clerk's Table . Where the same was read; and is Public Utility. ag fon0Weth; viz.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in & Bill for To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. erecting and making a Pier and Harbour in the Cove Book-keeper to the Company of The

Vl/Vtl/i/i 4, V\ #> n AT V/f IM /Y o tin v a m m m 'v*. a -v _

of Trevaunance, in the Parish of Saint Agnes, in the County of Cornwall: And that Sir William Lemon and Mr. Gregor do prepare, and bring in, the same.

line's Norte awl '{Stratford Iipro Avon I Canal Bill

Million Bank, produced certain Indentures, dated the 19th of July and 19th of 1695, whereby it

appeared, that divers Persons agreed to erect the said Bank or Fund for the Purposes therein mentioned, An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a such Bank or Fund to be founded upon Parliamentary Navigable Canal from the Worcester and Birmingham Securities, and upon Annuities or other good Secu-Canal Navigation, in the Parish of Kings Norton, into rities; and that several Sums of Money had been the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, and also certain subscribed, as a Capital Stock or Fund for carrying Collateral Cute from the said intended Canal, was read on the said Undertaking, which was to continue for the Thirs Time. 199 Years, unless sooner determined, as in the said

The Amendments following were severally-proposed Indentures mentioned, to be made to the Bill; viz. It further appeared, That the said Capital Stock or

Voi.48. Fund

360

8° Marts.-

A. 1793.

fund is of the Amount of 500,000, upon which there is a very large Accumulation, arising from the Savings of the Surplus of the Annual Income thereof, after paying to the Proprietors of such Capital Stock or Fund, the Dividends upon their respective Shares, which for many Years past have been at the Rate of jt. 5 per Cent, per Annum: — Then,

Oliver Cromwell, Esquire, being examined, said. That it is apprehended it would be of great Public Benefit, that the Proprietors of the said Stock or Fund should be incorporated, with perpetual Succession, for the Purpose of enabling them to enrage in the Grant, Sale, and Purchase of Annuities for Lives, or for Terms of Years; but the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to incorporate certain Persons, therein to be named, a Society for the Grant, Purchase, and Sale of Annuities for Lives, or for Terms of Years: And that Mr. Main-waring, Sir Thomas Coxhead, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ludlow Paving, See Pill reported.

The Lord Clive reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and ' watching, and otherwise improving the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the Borough of IsttdUrw> and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Salop, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties entitled to Right of Common upon certain Lands intended to be disposed of towards defraying the Expences of carrying the Act into execution, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Six Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Nineteen Common Rights, who could not be met with; and that the whole Number of Common Rights are 233; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the' Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Engrossed.

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Heath, Common Pasture, and

Waste Lands, in the Parish of Dunin the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Derby, petition in was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, favour of That a Bill is depending in the House for making ^raQj'1"‘ and maintaining a Navigable Canal from or near the C lL Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, ac- Stafford and cording to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, di- Uttoxrter vesting, and improving the Road from Stafford to ,lotds Church Bridge, and also the Road from Stafford to preseul Uttoxeter, all in the County of Stafford, and also the Road from Stafford to Newport, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Newcastle Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the Fifth Year under Lyne, of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Lyne to H'assop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton, and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at

Shelton, in the County of Stafford, and the other passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for amending several other Roads therein described, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

'Sleaford and Tattershall Roads Bill presented.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according

Mr. Drake, Junior, reported from the Committee, Spalding, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Fre- plou y&c derick Lord Boston, and the humble Petition of the d ramp several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto Petition* re* subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, Pro- ported, prietors of Estates within the Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, JVhaplode, Holbech, and in the County

to Order, a Bill for widening, turning, altering, re- of Lincoln; and also, the Petition of the several Per-pairing, and maintaining the Road leading from the sons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on be-East Side of the Market Place in New Sleaford, to and half of themselves and others, Owners of Estates in through the Town of Anwick, in the County of Lin- the several Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, JVhaplode, coin, and for making public the Drove Road from the Holbech, and Gedney, in the County of Lincoln, were said Town of Anwick to Kyme Praie Grounds, and for severally referred; That the Committee had examined, making a Road from thence to join the present Road, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, near North Kyme Town, and for widening, turning, relative to Bills of Drainage and Inclosure, had been altering, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading complied with; and that the Committee had examined from thence through the said Town of North Kyme, the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him over Billinghay Dales, to the River Wiiham, and also to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the

the Road from the opposite Shore of the said River House; and he read the Report in his Place; and to the Town of Tattershall, in the said County of Lin- afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: coin, and for building a Bridge over the Witham, at. Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

or near to, Tattershall Ferry: And the same was re ceived; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Dunsten Inclosure Bill passed.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, Mr. George Maxtvell being examined, said, That within the said Parishes there are certain Salt Marshes, which are, at Spring Tides, Overflowed by An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the the Sea: That the said Salt Marshes are of little Open and Common Fields and Heath, Common Pas- Value, and the embanking and draining thereof would ture, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Dunston, in the be of Advantage to all Persons interested therein. County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time. To prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title Petition, an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign

33 Geo. III.

8° Mar tit.

361

and

and

unty 11 to

crJy, p

*oith, £ ikina (r‘<. r the K

) tin ' out

i tie

sc'

-it;.

</ to (/ to?fc; J the y ot'

fot

Two

i ear - i

aroT-'j: U'

x-

hr:

n'7:.

DM K.

intv

Is-

A

lite

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for dividing and inclosing the Common Marshes, " Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds in the Parish of " Gedney, and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney in the County of Lincoln," was read: And,

Mr. George Maxwell being examined, said, That the Lands by the said Act directed to be divided and inclosed, being Part of the Lands intended to be embanked and drained, it is expedient that some of the Powers of the said Act'should be altered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for embanking and draining certain Salt Marshes and Low Lands within the several Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, IVhaplode, Holbech, and Gedney, in the County of Lincoln, and for preventing the same Marshes ana Lands from being Overflowed with the Sea; and for altering an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Marshes,

" Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds in the Parish " of Gedney, and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen,

" in the County of LincolnAnd that Mr. Drake, Junior, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Wirkmrth A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Rwd?|u. the Moot Hall in Wirkswor to the Turnpike Road

com milted . r

leading from Derby to Brassington, at, or near to, a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland Ward, and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road, leading from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at, or near to, a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, &,c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill to amend Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to

wto*the^U* ^rc*er> a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first liJtf Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Bread pre> Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making of Bread, anted. " and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; and to " punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or " Bread," with respect to the Time within which certain Prosecutions directed by the said Act are to be brought: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The G>rds A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr.

love agreed Walker-.

Mr. Speaker,

Uttoxeter, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stoke, Ire. for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, B^ Bill- the Road leading from Uttoxeter to the Westwardly

Part of Hardiwick Heath, and for setting out and

making a new Road from thence to Stoke near Stone, and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Village of Millwich to Sandon, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ledbury for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Road$ Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads " leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford,

" and the Road through the Parish of BromesberroW,

" in the County of Gloucester, and Corse Lawn,

" till it joins the Road from Gloucester to Worcester without auy Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lanvabon, for opening and making a new Road from the Turnpike Road Road at Craig Evan Leyson, in the Parish of Lanvabon, to the Confines of the Parish of Ystradyvoduck, near Abernant, in the County of Glamorgan; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Laws, now in Force, American for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Trade Dill Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Terri- Passed-tories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom, and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Laws, now in Force, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom, and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for £de"ce of One Year, ended the 5th Day of January 1793. ordered.

The House being informed that Mr. Fisher, from the Account of Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; Produce of and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Ta*"Pre* their Order, *""

An Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ended the 5th Day of January *793-

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

0$

ti'ffl [ the and ile:

:ied lii 'jit tf [tie *1 ' i

<ei ! Vol. 48.

it

3

4Z

To

Produce of Taxes.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ended the 5th Day of

January 1793.

Customs Excise Stamps -

INCIDENTS:

Consolidated Letter Money, 1787 -

D* Salt . -

Seizures since 25th October 1760 -

Proffers ----- - D* -

Letter Money - - - - D® - -

Allum Mines - - - D* -

Compositions- - - - - D* -

Fines and Forfeitures - - D® -

Rent of a Light House - D® -

Alienation Duty - - - - D° -

6d. Deduct on Pensions, 24th June 1721 -

is. D* - Salaries, &c. 5th April 1758 -

Houses and Windows, 10th October 1766 -

Inhabited Houses, 1779 ——

Hawkers and Pedlars, 1710

Hackney Coaches and Chairs, 1st August 1711 -

D®.....1784- - -

Male Servants - - 1785 ——

Female D* - - - D* - -»

Horses - - - - D* -

Four Wheel Carriages D® -

Two Wheel - D® - D®....

Waggons - - - - D® -

Carts - - - D* -

Shops - - - D® -

First Fruits of the Clergy ——

Tenths - - D*

Men Servants, 1777, (Arrears) - -

Houses and Windows, Annis 1747, 1762, and 1764, (Arrears)

DUTIES, 4*1791.

Sugars, Customs -British Spirits, Excise Foreign D®

Malt -

Bills and Receipts -Game Duty -

£. 10 per Cent, on Assessed Taxes

Total of Customs, Excise, and Stamps Total of Incidents -Total of Duties, A* 1791 -

Grand Total.

£ s. d.

3,857,743 7 10

7,361,617 8 81

1,206,842 — 10

12,426,202 17 4i

156,000

365,993 4 li

23,097 5 2

637 19 8

203,484 3 9!

960

1 6 8

500 — —

6 13 4

2,272 15 4

41,290 — —

32,117 1 4

381,276 3 4 f

148,328 18 4 i

3,130 — —

9,100 —

12,100 —

98,372 9 5

28,426 2 81

125,932 14 8*

153,896 14 2 i

34,259 15 4i

13,589 1 10

8,01.5 *3 ii

955 14 3i

4,339 10 if

9,902 14 3i

4 13 —

1 2 —

1,857,99* 16 3

182,880 17 8i

112,294 — —

142,286 — —

90,956 — —

196,552 12 5

17,174 16 7

90,619 8 3*

832,760 15 — i

12,426,202 17 4i

1,857,99* 16 3

832,760 15 -I

15,116,955 8 8

Exchequer, the 8th Day of March 1793.

James Fisher,

Ordered,

East India Company's Petition for Leave to present a Petition fur enlarging the Term of their exclusive Trade.

Leave given.

East India Company's Petition.

Ordered, That the Said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, having received such Notice as is required by Law to be given to them for determining their exclusive Trade on the 1st Day of March 1794, are desirous to renew the said Trade, and have prepared a Petition to the House for that Purpose, but the Time for receiving private Petitions being expired, the same cannot be presented without Leave; and that, on account of the Length and Variety of the various Accounts, and other Matters, necessary to be considered and prepared for the Business of the Renewal of the said exclusive Trade, the Petitioners were not able to present the said Petition within the Time limited for presenting private Petitions: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to the Petitioners now to present a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring a Bill into the House, for enlarging the Term of the Petitioners exclusive Trade, and for continuing the Government and Management of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues in the East Indies, in the Manner prescribed by the Laws now in Force, without Prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners, or the Claim of the Public, as in a former Act is provided.

Ordered, That in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave bo

g'ven to present a Petition as desired by the said United ompany of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

Then a Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establish-' ing an Agreement with the United Company of " Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, " for the Payment of the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds, for the Use of the Public, in foil Discharge and Satisfaction of all Claims and Demands " of the Public, from the Time the Bond Debt of the tl said Company was reduced to One Million Five " hundred thousand Pounds, until the First Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eightyone, in respect of the Territorial Acquisitions and " Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, and also " for securing to the Public, in respect thereof, for a " Term therein mentioned, a certain Part or Propor-u tion of the clear Revenues and Profits of the said " Company; and for granting to the said Company, " for a further Term, the sole and exclusive Trade to " and from the East Indies, and Limits therein menhoned; and for establishing certain Regulations for " the better Management of the Affairs of the said " Company, as well in India as in Europe, and for " Recruiting the Military Forces of the said Company," it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Petitioners ('subject to the Proviso of Determination thereinafter contained) should have, use, and enjoy, the whole, sole, and exclusive Trade and Traffic into and from the East Indies, and into and from all Places between the Cape of Good Hope, and Streights of Magellan, and that they should have, hold, and enjoy, and be entitled unto all Advantages, Privileges, Franchises, and Authorities whatsoever, which by any former Acts, or by any Charters, founded thereupon, were enacted, given, granted, or established, concerning the Petitioners, and the other Societies, or Com-Vox.. 48.

parties, therein mentioned, and not by that Act altered, or intended to be altered, according to the true Meaning of the said Acts and Charters, and the same were thereby ratified and confirmed, in which Act is contained a Proviso, that at any Time, upon Three Years Notice to be given by Parliament, after the 1st Day of March 1791, upon the Expiration of the said Three Years, and Re-payment to the Petitioners of the Debt of 4,200,000 due to them for the Public, and all Arrears of Annuity payable in respect thereof, in case the same should not have been before re-paid, then and from thenceforth, and not before or sooner, the said Right, Title, and Interest of the Petitioners, to the whole, sole, and exclusive Trade to the East and Parts aforesaid, should cease and determine; and, by the said Act, it was further enacted, That any Notice in Writing, signified by the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, by Order of the said House, should be deemed and judged a due and proper Notice by Parliament, and it was further enacted, That all the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues lately obtained in the East Indies, should remain in the Possession of the Petitioners for and during the Term of the exclusive Trade granted to them, and, by the said Act, an Appropriation was made, agreeable to the Petitioners Agreement, of the clear Profits arising from the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, together with the Petitioners clear Revenues and Profits arising during the Continuance of the said whole, sole, and exclusive Trade and Traffic; and the said Act was subject to a further Proviso, that nothing therein contained should extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or affect the Rights or Claims of the Public, or the Petitioners, respecting the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, as by the said Act may more at large appear; and that the Notice required by the said Act of Parliament hath been given by the Speaker of this House for determining the exclusive Trade of the Petitioners on the 1st Day of March 1794; and Representing to the House, that the System established by the said Act for the Government of the Territorial Acquisitions in the East Indies, for the Management of the Revenues, and for conducting the Affairs of the Petitioners, aided by the Regulations since introduced by the Wisdom of Parliament, hath been approved by Experience: And, as such Experience affords just Reason to believe, that a Continuance of such System will prove equally advantageous to the Public and to the Petitioners, therefore praying, That Leave may be

f'ven to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term of the etitioners said exclusive Trade, and for continuing the Government and Management of the said Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues, in the Manner prescribed by the stud Acts of Parliament, without Prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners, or the Claim of the Public, as in the former Act is provided.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a limited Time, an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the " Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Petition

Pawn* brokers BiK reported.

African

Company's

Petition.

Defaulters Names on the Ballots reported.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, being offered, to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before the House, an Account of the Money granted for the Year 3791, examined and passed by the Cursitor Baron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " extending and improving the Trade to Africa," and that they have invested the Money, granted in 1792, for the Support and Maintenance of the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast; and that the Forts having been originally ill constructed, were delivered to the Petitioners in a very ruinous Condition by the Royal African Company, and, being composed of the very worst Materials, are falling so continually into Decay as to require a larger Expenditure in Repairs than can be afforded out of the Sums Annually granted by Parliament, and the War now broke out between Great Britain and France will cause a great additional Expence in Freight and Insurance on the future Investments of the said Committee: And that the Petitioners, being sensible of the great Regard shewn by the House for the Preservation, Improvement, and Extension of the Trade to Africa, and for the Defence and Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements on that Coast, therefore pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Sum Annually voted for the Support and Maintenance of the said Forts, and for such other Purposes as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Speaker, according to Order, reported to the House the Names of the Members who did not appear Yesterday, when their Names were called, on the Appointment of the Select Committee for trying and determining the Merits of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough cAShafton, otherwise in the County of Dorset.

And the Names of the said Members were read, by Mr. Speaker, to the House; and the Names of those Members who had, on the 28th Day of February lost, and the 4th Day of this Instant March, been excused from attending Yesterday, and also, the Names of those Members who had been excused from attending the Call of the House on Account of Illness, or as being Abroad, or employed on the Public Service, were set aside.

And the Name of the Right honourable the Lord Kensington being read;

And the Lord Kensington not being in his Place;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes of the House, of the 25th Day of February last, of the Resolutions directing that, upon the Report of the List of the Names of the Members who should be absent on the 7th and 12th Days of this Instant March, on the Appointment of any Select Committee for the Trial of controverted Elections, the Members for whose Non-attendance a sufficient Excuse should not be made, and allowed by the House, should be forthwith ordered to be taken into the Custody of* the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and should not be discharged out of Custody without the special Order of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Lord Kensington be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The Lord Kensington came into the House, and was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

Then the Question being put, That the Lord Kensington be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Right honourable the Lord Kensington be excused for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of the said Select Committee.

The Name of the Right honourable Edmund Burke being read

Mr. Burke was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Right honourable Edmund Burke be excused for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of the said Select Committee.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Thomas GrenA ville, [142.

Mr. Sheridan: J

Tellers for the Noe* {££ . } 60.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Name of Matthew Esquire, being

read;

The House was informed, that Mr. Bloxam was confined to his Room by Illness.

Ordered, That Matthew Bloxam, Esquire, be excused for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of the said Select Committee.

The Name of John Cotes, Esquire, being read;

Mr. Cotes was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That John Cotes, Esquire, be excused for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of the said Select Committee.

The Name of Clement Taylor, Esquire, being read; Mr. Clement Taylor was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

And his Excuse not being allowed;

Ordered, That Clement Taylor, Esquire, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Speaker also reported to the House the Names of the Members who did not appear Yesterday, when their Names were called, on the Appointment of the Select Committee for trying and determining the Merits of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln.

And the Names of the said Members were read, by Mr. Speaker, to the House; and the Names of those Members who had, on the 28th Day of February last, and the 4th Day of this Instant March, been excused from attending Yesterday, and also, the Names of those Members who had been excused from attending the Call of the House on Account of Illness, or as being Abroad, or employed on the Public Service, were set aside.

And the Name of the Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley being read;

Mr. Berkeley was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

And his Excuse not being allowed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The

Lord Kensington excused.

Mr. Burke excused.

Mr. Bloxam excused.

Mr. Cotes excused.

Mr. Taylor ordered into Custody.

Mr. Berkeley ordered into Custody.

pro-

into

this

was

33 Geo. III.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

rr,.. , v /Mr. Jenkmson.

Tellers for the Yeas, (Mr Rose.

8° Martii. 3 65

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Com-f 95- mittee.

Ken. it at

aN:;

«k;

hrk

Tellers for the Noes,

h

ikIj.

i ex-

It of

era*

:oo-

:*i:

Mr. Michael Angelo

68.

Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Name of Sir William Young, Baronet, being read;

Sir William Young was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

And his Excuse not being allowed; itIfcn Ordered, That Sir William Young, Baronet, be taken

Wgnfer- into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Name of Thomas Peter Legh, Esquire, being read;

The House was informed, that Mr. Legh was incapable of leaving his Room.

|r. Ugh Ordered, That Thomas Peter Legh, Esquire, be ex-iwi< cused for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of the said Select Committee.

The Name of Thomas Williams, Esquire, being

Miilaw Notice was taken, that Mr. Williams was One of the Fifteen Members serving on the Select Committee this Day appointed to try and determine the Merits of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shaftesbury; and he was, on that Account, excused.

The Name of Sir Henry Gough Calthorpe, Baronet, being read;

The House was informed, that Sir Henry Gough Calthorpe had met with an Accident, which rendered him incapable of attending his Duty in the House.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Gough Calthorpe, Baronet, be excused for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of the said Select Committee.

G0I{1) Cal-thorpe excused.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sargent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Iff!'

gpi-,

I;

16

ffl

)Mtit The Orders of the Day being read, for the Attend-Awtreor- ance of Clement Taylor, Esquire, Matthew Bloxam, NtteDw a°d John Campbell, Esquire, the several Mem-

HtKed. hers who made Default to appear on Wednesday last, on the Call of the House, and Yesterday, when their Names were again called over;

The Names of the said Members were severally again called over, and they were excused, Mr. Clement Taylor, having been in the House this Day, Mr. Bloxam, on account of Illness, and Mr. Campbell appearing when his Name was called.

k

its

09

Je

fcj

a

Sappfy

dtfermL

it,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

el

ee

lie

n

*1

ti

Eui India Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Gmral Ut- Copy of the General Letter from the East India Deter ordered. partment> dated Fort William, 25th August 1792, N* 1.

Horse to ad- Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the jowutoMon- House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

daj.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to ooNewfoond- enqulre into the State of the Trade to Newfoundland, Tra e' have Leave to sit Tomorrow, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Wan and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

Vojl. 48. '

The Serjeant at Arms attending this House informed the House, that he had, pursuant to their Orders of this Day, taken into his Custody Clement Taylor, Esquire, the Honourable George Cranfeld Berkeley, and Sir William Young, Baronet, Members of this House.

Ordered, That Clement Taylor, Esquire, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, at the Rising of the House this Day, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Honourable George Cranfeld Berkeley, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, at the Rising of the House this Day, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Sir William Young, Baronet, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House for neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, at the Rising of the House this Day, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at, or near, a certain Place called Swarkstone Bridge, to and through the Liberty of the Borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a Cut out of the said Canal in, or near, the said Borough, to join the Erewash Canal, near Sandiacre, in the County of Derby, and for making and maintaining Railways or Stone Roads from such Cut or Canal to several Collieries in the Parishes of Denby, Horsley, and Smalley, in the said County, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-5 A posed,

Committee on Indemnity Bill.

Serjeant ha» taken Members into Custody.

Mr. Taylor to be discharged.

Mr. Berkeley to be discharged.

Sir William Young to be discharged.

Swarkstone Canal Bill committed.

posed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To Leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day " Three Months." s And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Lord George Augustus 1 Henry ,> 62.

Mr. Crewe: J

Tellers for the Noes,{^; } *

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed, that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon the 1st and 5th Days of this Instant March, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this Stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Mr. Crewe, c.: . And they are to meet this Afternoon, -at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Shiptnn and Orda'cd, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Cana-tBitl put Rea<Bng of the Bill for making and maintaining a off for Six^ Navigable Canal from, and out of, the Oxford Canal Months. Navigation, within the Parish of Shipton, in the County of Oxford, to join and communicate with the River Thames, at or near in the County of

Middlesex, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day " Six Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " upon this Day Six Months," be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Months.

Whitstable Oyster Fishery Bill committed.

A Bill for incorporating the Company of Free Fishers and Dredgers of Whitstable, in the County of Kent, and for the better ordering and Government of the Fishery, w'as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Smith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Selby Ferry Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according

Wei>hton* to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road Iioad Bill from Selby Ferry, in the Parish of Hemingbrough, to the

presented. Town of Market TVeightin the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according North Duf-to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River field and Bat, Derwent, at or near Rubwith Ferry, in the East Rid- g|Jjh ing of the County of York, and making proper Ap- sentedf6" proaches thereto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Abberford, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read Jhe First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Wakefield a* Abberford Road Bill presented.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Additional whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of Petition to the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool, was Li^poof referred; That the Committee had examined, and canalNavi-found that the said Petition is not within the Stand- gation Bill ing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, reported-it not being intended to raise any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from " Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to The North " Lady's Walk, in Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River " Mersey,'' was read: And,

Mr. John Hardy being examined, said, That there is no Power in the Act to prevent Water being taken from the Canal without Leave of the Company, and to enable them to make Waggon and Railways, where necessary; and that the Act is in other Respects defective.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation, and for other Purposes, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Leeds Bridge, in the County of York, to The North Lady's Walk, in Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from thence to the River Mersey.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to WarmfieW whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose com Heath Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of c^alPed-Estates, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and tion report-Residents within the West Riding of the County of ed.

York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

s To

Mr. Mudg.'s

Petition referred to a Committee.

To prove- the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Jessop being examined, said, That it appears, by Surveys and Levels lately taken, that a Canal, navigable for Boats and other Vessels, may be made from the River Colder, in the Township of cum Heath, to or near the Township of Barnsley, and from thence to Bamby Bridge, and also One other Cut branching out of the said Canal, near and

ending at or near Haigh Brall in the County of York: — Then,

Mr. Elias Wright being examined, said, That the making of such Canal and Cut, together with proper Waggon, Railed, and other Roads and Ways to communicate therewith, will be attended with very great Benefit and Advantage to all Owners of Estates, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, near to the said intended Canal, and also to the City of York, the Towns of Malton, Selby, and Hull, and many other populous and considerable Towns and Places, where extensive Works and Manufactories of various Kinds, and great Traffick are carried on, in the County of York and other Counties, as the said Canal will pass through a Tract of Country in which are very large Quantities of Coal and Ironstone, and will afford a cheap, easy, and expeditious Conveyance for Corn, Lime, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, to and from the Places lying in or near to the Line thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Calder, in the Township oi Warmfield cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnsley, and from thence to Bamby Bridge, in the Township of Cawlhorne, and a Collateral Cut branching out of the said intended Canal at or near Bargh Mill, to, or nearly to, Haigh Bridge, in the Township of Woolley, all in the West Riding of the Couoty of York: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. John Smyth do prepare, and bring ip, the same.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Thomas Mtidge, Watchmaker, which was presented to the House upon the 21st Day of February last, and then

ordered to lie upon the TKble, might be agaitf read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred so thd Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And Ft is referred to Mr. Windham, Sir XJitber't Elliot, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 12th Day of June, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from ,the Committee to whom the Petition Of Thomas Mudge, Watchmaker, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 11* die Martii;

Anno 33* Georgii III. B Regis, 1793. Prayers.

THE House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1792 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 11th Day of March 1793, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon. -And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

A

V

Vol. 49.

Report, made last Session, referred.

Account of Disposition of Grants presented.

An ACCOMPT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1792* has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 1 lth Day of March 1793

and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

SERVICES.

C For Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 16,000 Men, including 4,425 Marines, from the 1st Day

of January 1792.....,..... ——

gf* I For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1792 ——

" \ Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of the Ships of War in His Majesty's Yards, and other Extra Works, over alid above I what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1792 Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy

i'

V

O

(a

r — H

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

FT

a

£. s. d.

790,400 ——

672,482 ——

350.000 ——

131.000 ——

For Ordnance, Land Service - - - -.....-....

For Ordnance, Sea Service - - - --....

For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, previous to the 31st of December 1783,

and not provided for by Parliament ... ——

q I For defraying the Expence of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, and not provided for by Parliament, 1 in 1790.....-.....-

377,898 1 8 41,600 ——

877 11 2 43,225 18 5

'For defraying the ^Charge of 17,013 effective Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons. Riding Masters, and for Serjeants, for 183 Days, from the 25th Day of December 1791 to the 24th Day of June 1792, both inclusive ——

For defraying the Charge of 15,701 effective Men,* for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, including the Charge of the Pay of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Masters, and for Serjeants, for 183 Days, from the 25th Day of June 1792 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive ——

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New

South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the

Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of the Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants, for 183 Days, from the 25th Day of December 1791 to the 24th Day

of June 1792, both inclusive - -- --.....-

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, those in Garrison at Gibraltar, and a Corps of Foot in New South Wales, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of the Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants, for 183 Days, from the 25th Day of June 1792 to the 24th Day of

December following, both inclusive..... ——

For defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishments, of 7 Battalions of Foot serving in North America and the West Indies, for 183 Days, from the 25th Day of December 1791 to the 24th Day of June 1792, both inclusive For defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishments, of 5 Regiment* of Foot serving in North America, Ore West Indies, and Gibraltar, for 183 Days, from the 25th Pay of June 1792 to the 24th Day of December following,

both inclusive - -..... ....

For the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons and 9 Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, for the

Year 1792 - ....

Towards defraying the Charge of Recruiting His Majesty's Land Forces, of the Contingencies of the said Forces, of the Allowance of Bread and Necessaries of the Troops in Great Britain, and of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1792 For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1792 -

For defraying the Charge of the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers m Great Britain, for the Year 1792 -For the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Land Forces, to the Secretary at War, to the Commissary General of the Musters, to the Judge Advocate General, to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the Contingent Expences of their respective Offices; and for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General,

for the Year 1792..... - - / -

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1792..

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guardi, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Fopr Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1792 For the several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1792 ——

For the reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1792.

285,064 12 9}

275iHo 19 3

170,193 9 6i

149,294 13 5 4,250 12 8

2>9°3 4 7

8,345 16 2

98,037 15 — 15,064 11 — 6,427 — 6

52,33® 5 2

J59i7&7 10 —

202 10 — 3,l6l 10 10 &5>QQ2 10 —

Sums voted or granted.

t. d.

1,943,882 — _

463,601 11 3

Sums paid.

£ I. d %

1 >909>990 19 Hi

350,000 — —

Remains to be paid.

£. s. d.

33,891 — i

113)601 11 3

68 11° Martiu . 1793.

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

C

o

00

Ot

td

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to several reduced Officers of His Majesty's British American Forces, for the Year 1792 For defraying the Charge of the In and Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the

Year 1792 - -....

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expences attending the same, for the

Year 1792 -....

Towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the 25th Day of December 1790 to the 24th Day of December 1791, and not provided for by Parliament ——

For defraying the Charge of Garrison and Staff Officers, and Corps, for several Periods in the Year 1791 -

4.907 10 —

173,104 3 11 9,38i 13 10

340,306 8 —

1,785 3 8

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the 1st of January 1792 to the 1st of January 1793

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June 1792 to the 24th of

June 1793....

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of St. John, in America, from the 1st of January 1792 to the 1st of

January 1793 ----- --.....-.....«.

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America* from the 24th of June 1792 to the 24th of

June 1793 - - - ....

For defraying the Charge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers, and other Expences, in the Island of Newfoundland, from the 1st of April

1792 to the 1st of April 1793.....-

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the ^Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the same, from the 1st of January 1792 to the 1st of January 1793 - -

For defraying the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June 1792 to the 24th of

June 1793.....- - - - -....

For defraying the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of Dominica, from the 1st of January 1792 to the 1st of January 1793

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, from the 31st of December 1791 to the 31st of December

1792 ----- ----- ----.....-

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the loth of October 1792 to the 10th of October 1793 .

For the Expences of the New Roads of Communication, and building Bridges, in the Highlands of North Britain, in the Year 1792 -

For repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa ——

To make Compensation to the Owners of Ships engaged in the African Trade, for the Losses sustained in consequence of an Act, made in the 28th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to regulate the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa - - - - . - - - - .

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty's Mint, in the Year 1791 -

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences attending the Prosecution of Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin ——

To make Compensation to certain Persons for Losses sustained by them in evacuating the Musquito Shore, in consequence of the Convention entered into by His Majesty with the King of Spain in 1786 - - - - ... -

To make good the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty's Orders pursuant to Addresses ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to the Representatives of Henry Bradley and James Bradley, Esquires, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts in Langstone and Portsmouth Harbours ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames - . - -

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued for the Expences of sending Provisions, and sundry Articles, to the Settlement in New South Wales, and of the Amount of Bills, drawn by Governor Phillip and Lieutenant Ball, and of other pxpences incurred on Account of the Convicts transported to that Settlement ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed for regulating the shipping and

carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa..... ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued in consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, Esquire - - - r -

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills of Exchange, and other Purposes, by the

Direction of the Commissioners of the Treasury - -- --....

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to several Persons for the Purchase of sundry Articles of Merchandize, as Presents to the Inhabitants of the North West Coast of America, and other Purposes ——

To. make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, and the Sum necessary to be issued on the 5th of April 1792, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of

their Attachment to His Majesty's Civil Government -..... ——

To make good^the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1790, at Lady Day 1792 - - - - ‘ -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1790* at Michaelmas 1792 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1791 ——

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of 3,500,000l. in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 310 Georgii 3tU, and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1792, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same -To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of 2,000,000l. in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act, 31° Georgii 3^, and charged further upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1792, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same - - - - . - -

To be carried to and made Part of the Fund for paying off the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of am Act 310 Georgii 3tU, for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for defraying the Public Expences occasioned by the Augmentation of His Majesty's Forces, in the Year 1790 - - *

1,814,800 — 4

5>376 17 6

4,520 ——

2,020 — —

1,800 ——

1,306 7 6

4,180 — - —

580 ——

600 — —

6,565 7 —

4,726 — 4,660 ——

13.000 -

4,141 u 7 f 9.819.18 7 707 3 8

' 12,462 19 9 26.043 '3 3

6,401 4 81

17,023 17 2

22,179 12 6

loo ——

6,347 " 6

1,926 9 10 J 10,329 15 4

28.000 -

137,004 2 2 230,718 6 21 436,990 18 — j

3,599,153 8 7 2,056,438 3 10

100,000 ——

1,814,800 — 4

5,376 17 6

4,520 ——

2,020 ——

1,800 — — 1,306 7 6 4,180 ——

6,565 7 —

4,726 ----- -;

4,660 ——

13.000 -

4,141 u 7

9,819 18 7

707 3 8

12,262 19 9 26,043 3 3

6,401 4 81

17,023 17 2

22,179 xa 6 100 — — 6,347 11 6

1,926 9 101 10,329 15 4

28.000 -

137,004 2 2

230,718 6 2 I

436,990 18 — *

3,599,153 8 7 2,056,438 3 10 100,000 — —

580 ——

600 — —

2,0

Off

if.

13 Geo. III. 11" Marti,. 369

O

o

<o

0

To be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioner* for the

Redaction of the National Debt ....

for Payment of such Part of the Principal, and Interest-thereupon, due and payable to the loth of October 179a, on all Orders made out pursuant to the Acts passed in the 28th and 30th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissections in America, and for making Compensations to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain, and to such Persons who furnished Provisions, or other Articles to the Army or

Navy, or whose Property was seized, used, or destroyed, for carrying on the Public Service there -....

For Rewards to the Officers of the Exchequer, for managing and paying the said Orders

To the Usher oi the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Offices for D* ....

To John Wilmot, Esquire, late One of the Commissioners for American Claims, to reimburse the like Sum paid to a Clerk, and for Contin*

gencies

To John Farhill, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for Salaries of the Officers, and incidental Expences of the said Commission -

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in the Lottery established by an Act 3* Georgii 3lU - - - -

To the said Governor and Company, in Reward for receiving the said Contributions, and paying the Prizes in the said Lottery, and for Discounts on

prompt Payments - - - - *.*.".*

For the Charges and Expences attending the preparing and drawing the said Lottery, and for taking in Tickets and delivering out Certificates in lieu thereof - -.....* -

i* d, 400,000 -

a84»992 15 51 1,160 — — 384 13 6

— 6

1>435 19 6

500,000 — —

1.663 13 a

13,400 ——

£.| 12,179,428 13 6],

Towards satisfying the Services,

There remains in the Exchequer of Contributions to the Lottery

To be raised by Exchequer Bills on Credit of the Malt Duty

Deficiency of Ways and Means to answer the Services

£. >. d.

400,000 — —

279.170 8 4$

1,160 ——

3*4 13 6

185 — 6

1.435 19 6

1,663 13 a 1,700 ——

11,514,233 14 2

171,869 16 — J 268,000 ——

gf.

F

P

£ f. d.

5>82a 7 1 $

500,000 — —

10,700 ——

665,194 18 4 i

439,869 16 — i

225,325 2 4

WAYS and MEANS for answering the same; viz.

£. s. d.

2,000,000 ----- --By 4s, per Lib. on Land.

750,000 ----- --By the Duty on Malt continued Anno 1792.

155,495 19 — £ Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on the 5th of January 1792. 436,107 11 2 D* of the Consolidated Fund on the 5th of April 1792.

2.300.000 ----- -Further out of the Monies arising of the Surplus of the Consolidated

Fund, after the 5th April 1792.

812,500 ----- --By a Lottery.

3.500.000 ----- -By Exchequer Bills, charged on the first Aids granted for the

Service of the Year 1793.

2,000,000 ----- --By Exchequer Bills charged further on Ditto.

11,954,10310 2$

225,325 2 4 Deficiency of Ways and Means.

£. 12,179,428 12 6 £

Mem**.

The Arrears of farmer Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; viz.

£. d.

For the late African Company'* Creditor* *

For Georgia Bills, Residue of 15,406/. 19 s. 1 $1/.

To make good the Deficiency of the Duty of and £ per Cent, granted

Anno 1785 ....

Totomplete 600 grantAl Anno 1788, for the Salary of the Chief Justice of Dominica - ....

To complete 600 /., granted Anno 1789 for the Salary of - - D°

To pay Principal and Interest of Orders made out pursuant to an Act *8° Georgii 3m, for the Relief of American Sufferers, and Persons who have suffered by the Cession of East Florida, and charged on Supplies

per A*1789 ..... ....

To pay D° of Order* made out pursuant to the said Act, and charged on the Supplies for the Year 1790 - -

To pay D° of Ordem made out pursuant to an Act 30° Georgii 3U1, and charged on D® - *

To pay D° of Order* made out pursuant to the Act 28° Georgii 3th, and

charged on the Supplies for the Year 1791....

To pay D* of Orders made out pursuant to the Act 30° Georgii 3lli, and charged on D° - *> *

For the Civil Establishment of Cape Breton, charged on - - D°

For Salaries, &c. to the Officers or the Bahama Islands, charged on D°

Presented the nth Day cf March 1793, by "

TV. Speer.

900 12 10 570 J7 7 i

816 13 5J

388 10 6 87 18 11

2,050 9 si

1,489 18 n i

206 17 10 £ 1,650 17 u

5,117 8 11 i

1,600 ——

2,0U

16,894 6 10 I

1 - . 'X>

H2

370 11° M. A. 1793

371

Hadley, South Ben-fleet, 5cc. Hoads Bill committed.

Southampton Church Bill committed.

Paddington Church Bill reported.

South Mil-forth and Lumby Inclosure Bill passed.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads from Hadky Turnpike Gate to Stvff'ord Bridge, and from a Farm House called Tarpotts to the Town of South Betvfteet, and from the Pound in the Town of Brentwood to Tilbury Fort, and from to on the Hill, and from Stanford Bridge to in the County of Essex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bram-ston, Mr. Bullock, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for taking " down and re-building the Parish Church of All " Saints, within the Town and County of the Town " of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the " Purpose of a Church Yard for the Use of the said " Parish," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Amyatt, Sir Henry Martin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Morshead reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-building the Parish Church " of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, and for " enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their. Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Hamlets of South Milforth and Lumby, in the Parish of Sherburn,

in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Hamlets of South Milforth and Lumby, in the Parish of Sherburn, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir William Mordaunt Milner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Wadenhoe Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do make the Inclosure Bill Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for reported. dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wadenhoe, in the County of Northampton, was committed.

Sir William Dolben accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; Vot. 48.

and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Earl Gower presented to the House, according Lightwood

to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Inclosur® B'H the Common or Waste Ground called Lightwood, within *>resen the Township of Normacolt, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Charles Yorke, from the Select Committee, who Shaftesbury were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Election Petition of William Bryant, Esquire; and also, the determine Petition of Hans Wintrop Mortimer, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shaston, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Charles Duncombe, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That William Grant, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Shaftesbury:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Hans Wintrop Mortimer,

Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Petition of the said William Bryant, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Charles Duncombe,

Esquire, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said. Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said William Grant,

Esquire, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Liverpool Order, a Bill for repealing Part of an Act, passed in gill pre- the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, sented.

" An Act for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon " Salt, and for the better Payment of Debentures at " the Custom House," which may relate to the refining and making of Salt at certain Works intended to be erected at Garston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, instead of the present Salt Works at Liverpool: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill

Halifax, Bradford, &c. Small Debts Bill committed.

Dunsley Moor Inclosure Bill passed.

Cockerton and Stain-drop Road Bill committed.

Ashby de la Zouch Canal Bill presented.

Idsal Inclosure Bill presented.

Moreton and Wilbrighton Inclosure Bill presented.

Chelmsford Navigation Bill presented.

372 11° MaA. 1793.

A Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Bradford,

ley, Bing ley, Guiseley, Calverley Bat ley, Mir-

feld, Hartishead cum Clifton,

Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord

Mulgrave;Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Dunsley Moor, within the Township of cum Dunsley, in

the Parish of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Dunsley Moor, within the Township of Newholm cum Dunsley, in the Parish of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing the High Road leading from Cockerion Bridge, near Darlington, in the County of Durham, to Staindrop, in the said County, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bur-don, Mr. Milbanke,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bochin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to join and communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Griff, in the Lordship of Chilvers Coton, in the County of Warwic and also certain Cuts or Branches from the said intended Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Kynaston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Five Open Common Fields, commonly called Town Field, otherwise Pool Field, otherwise Drayton Field, the I Fyke Field, the Church Field, otherwise Haughlon Field, Haughton Middle Field, otherwise nal Field, and the Upper Field, otherwise Nedge Field, in the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Dent presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Townships of Moreton and Wilbrighton, otherwise Wilberton, in the Parish of Gnosall, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition to thereuuto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and' other Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the Chelmsford Town and Port of Maldon, in the County of Essex, Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners are informed, that Application is making to Parliament for a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Chelmsford to a Place called Colliers Reach, in the River Blackwater, below the said Town and Port of Maldon, by Means of widening, deepening, and improving the Rivers C'hel-mer and Cann, and making Cuts and Deviations by the Sides thereof, where necessary, to a certain Part of the said River Chelmer, above and near to a certain

Mill, called Beleigh Mill, near Maldon aforesaid, and by making a Navigable Canal from thence into the River Blackwater, and by widening, deepening, cleansing, and improving the said River Blackwater, and by making Cuts and Deviations by the Sides thereof, where necessary, to or near to H Mill, and by making a Canal from thence through the Village of Heybridge, to communicate with the said River Black-water, at, or nearly at, Colliers Reach aforesaid, Jbelow Maldon aforesaid; and that, if the said Navigation is carried from Beleigh Mill by Heybridge, as above described, it will be very prejudicial to the said Town and Port of Maldon, where there are several considerable Coal and other Wharfs established, and where much Traffic and Commerce is now carried on, which will be materially injured thereby; and that if, instead of the above-mentioned Part of the said Navigation from Beleigh Mill, a Cut or Canal navigable for Colliers, and other Vessels of large Burthen, be made from Collier's Reach to, or near to, the said Town and Port, and a Bason formed there, with proper Wharfs, Quays, and other Conveniencies thereto, and a Cut or Canal, navigable for Barges and other Vessels, made from the said Bason, to communicate with the said River Chelmer above Beleigh Mill aforesaid, the said Town and Port of Maldon will not receive any Injury, but will be considerably benefited, and the Variation in the Line will make the said Navigation equally convenient and commodious: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for varying the Line of the said Navigation, as above described, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Jervis, Mr. Plu-mer, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of all Imports and Exports into and from the e^p

Port of Maldon, in the County of Essex, from the 1st and from Day of January 1789 to the 31st Day of December 1792, Maldon,

distinguishing each Year. ordered.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to ®l'l for whom the Bill for the better ordering and regulat- i^i^the" ing the Manner of feeding, using, cultivating, and Waste enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds Grounds In lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain rep01 e '

Parts of the said Grounds to fence the same, and for holding in Severalty for ever certain Parts or Lots, being Part of the said Grounds, called The Acre Fen and Little Ferry Burrows, in the said Parish of Chatteris, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative

s to

Meltori Mowbray and Oakham Canal Bill presented.

Normanton Inc Insure Bill presented.

W arrington Hoad Bill presented.

Saddleworth and Glossop Hoad Bill passed.

to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of One Common Right and an Half, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Common Rights, belonging to Persons interested, are 163); and that the Committee had gone though the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks' Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A'Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that the Occupiers of the Lands shall fill up Grips at their own Charges.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Heathcote presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Leicester and Melton Mowbray Navigation, in the Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, into Cutt's Close, in the Parish of Oakham, in the County of Rutland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Heathcole presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Heath Grounds, within the Parish of Normanton, in the County of Rutland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual repairing, widening, ' and amending, the Road from a Place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, both in the County of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrosed Bill for making and maintaining a Road from, or nearly from, French Top, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Brookhouses, in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby, and for repairing and altering the Road leading from, or nearly from, a Close called Copley Meadow, in Slayley, to, or near to, Stayley Bridge, in the County of Chester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or nearly from, French Top, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Brook-houses, in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby, and for repairing and altering the Road leading from, or nearly from, a Close called Copley Meadow, in Stayley, to, or near to, Stayley Bridge, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vox.. 48.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing Three several Acts, passed in the Fifth and' Twenty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty- King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Lyne, and Parish of Mottrafn Longdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Line, and Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salters Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Goddard reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and several other Roads therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Frederic Cyriac Zernitz was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, end found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The Earl Ludlow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Terms of Two several Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the county of,

through Fenstanton and Cambridge, to the first Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Charles Villiers presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the River Trent Navigation, at, or near, the Town of Burton upon Trent, and the Coventry Canal at Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the borough of Montgomery, in the County of Montgomery, in Common Hall assembled, whose Common Seal is

5 C thereunto

S

Manchester and Salter's t Brook Roa<& Bill passed.

Speenham-laud and Marlborough Road Bill reported.

Zernitz'sNat. Bill reported.

Godmanchester Road Bill presented.

Burton upon Trent and Fradley Heath Canal Bill presented.

Petition in favour of Gloucester and Berkeley Pill Canal Bill.

thereunto affixed, and of several other Inhabitants of the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Secern, at or near the City of Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley, in the County of Gloucester: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ludlow Ail ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, and

Paving, &c. watching, and otherwise improving the Streets and 1 passed' other Public Passages and Places within the Borough of Ludlow, and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Salop, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving the Foot Paths within the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and for lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Lord Clive do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition from , A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Cana^Na^ Coventry Canal Navigation, was presented to the

gation Com- H°use> and read: Setting forth, That an Act passed, pany against in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, thte Ashby intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navi-cfanalZB'nh gable Canal from the City of Coventry, to communi-1 " cate upon Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford,

" with a Canal now making between the Rivers Trent " and Mersey," and, so long ago as the Year 1772, the whole of the Money subscribed for making the said Canal, being 50,0001, was expended, and the Petitioners have since that Time, in pursuance of the Powers vested in them by a subsequent Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the " Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation to complete the said Canal to Fradley Heath, " in the County of Stafford, and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," borrowed the further Sum of 40,000/, to enable them to complete the said Undertaking, which last mentioned Sum of Money has been actually expended thereon, and the said Canal was completed in July 1790; and that the Public have long been, and now are, in Possession of very great Advantages by Means of the said Canal, though the Proprietors haye not, since the said 50,000l. hath been

expended (being upwards of TvVerity Years) received more than 3/. per Centum per Annum upon the Average thereon; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for making a Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to communicate with the said Coventry Canal at Griff, in the Parish of Chilvers Coton, in the County of Warwick, and also to make certain Cuts or Branches from the said Canal, at or near Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid, to communicate with various Lime Works, Lead Mines, and Coal Mines, in different Paris of the Counties of Leicester and Derby, and Repre- -senting to the House, that the making the said intended Canal would be of very great Injury to the Petitioners, but they conceive that, if the same was postponed for the present Session, a Plan might be pointed out by which a Navigable Communication between Ashby de la Zouch and the Coventry and Oxford Canals might be made, which would be equally beneficial and convenient to the Public, and of no material Injury to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to join and communicate with the Coventry Canal at or near Griff, in the Lordship of Chilvers Coton, in the County of Warwick, and also certain

Cuts or Branches from the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their j Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, by His Estimate o( Majesty's Command, Expence for

An Estimate of the Expence that will attend the "PMring d* Repair of the Damages done to The Cobb, at Lyme dontoTbe Regis, by the violent Storms which happened on the Cobb, at 24th and 25th of January 1792; prepared by Captain Lyme Regis, Sutherland, of the Corps of Royal Engineers, by Order Presents<1, of his Grace the Master General.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

An ESTIMATE of the Expence that will attend the Repair of the Damages done to The Cobb, at Lyme Regis, by the violent Storms which happened on the 24th and 25th January 1792; prepared by Captain Sutherland, of the Corps of Royal Engineers, by Order of his Grace the Master General.

s. d.

For Repair of the Breach, N* 1 - - - - 5,670 17 6

For Repair of the Breach, N# 2 - - - 2,933 10 10

For Repairs and Alterations on the Wall between the Two Breaches - - - - 1,197 16 8

Total - £. 9,802 5 —

N. B. It was judged expedient that a certain Repair should be made to the Pier, in order to prevent the Probability of its sustaining further Damage in the Course of the Winter; which Repair was performed, under the Direction of Captain Sutherland, in August last, and the Expence thereof amounted to the Sum of £. 422.

Office of Ordnance,

1 i th March 1793.

A true Copy,

Aug. Rogers, Secretary.

33 Geo. III.

11° Martii.

375

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the the Burgesses; fluctuating and uncertain in every Thing, Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. except the Principle of Self-election, some of these

Setts have been created, others have been repeatedly Members Ordered, That the Members of this House now altered within the last Hundred Years: The Statutes frvingon the serving upon the Select Committee, appointed to try prescribe one general uniform Constitution or System 'lection aid determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honour- of Self-election for all the Royal Burghs; but from .'ommittee able William Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood, Esquire; that Constitution the Setts have deviated in number-xcused from and also, the Petition of Christopher Clayton, the less Instances, and they are maintained in direct Viola-Reverend William Smelle, and William Bell, Electors tion of Charters, granted so recently as in the Course of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of the last and at the Beginning of the present Century, of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf which give in general the Right of Election to the Bur-of themselves and many other Electors of the said gesses: The pernicious Consequences of these Esta-Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election blishments have not only affected the Liberties and and Return for the said Borough, be excused from their Political Government of the Burghs, they have con-Attendance in the House, Tomorrow, on the Appoint- tributed to prevent, or render fruitless, the Execution ment of any Select Committee for the Trial of contested ‘ ~

Elections.

Utendance

ftwnorrow*

The Lords have agreed to

Blackburn and Burs-

of Statutes made for the Protection of the Revenues, and have extended their baneful Influence to every Branch of the Administration: By gross Misapplications and Dilapidations of the common Property, and by enormous Contractions of Debt, the Burghs are reduced to Poverty and Distress; Police and the neces-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act sary Accommodation of the Inhabitants are neglected; for more effectually repairing the Road from Blackburn Taxes are imposed and levied without the Authority of Road Bil^e to Burscough Bridge, in the County of Lancaster; Parliament; and, for these, and many other enormous

without any Amendment: And also, Grievances, there is no Judicature from which it is

Hampton and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An practicable to obtain any effectual Relief. In the

Starnes Road for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Year 1784 the Burgesses were impelled, by the common Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty King George feeling of the Evils which they universally endured,

the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending, widening, to appoint Delegates to meet in Convention at

" and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Guide burgh, and to prepare an Application to the ConstituPost, at the West End of the Town of Hampton, tional Authority of the Legislature for Redress: After " over Sunbury Common, to the Town of Staines, in the most serious and mature Deliberation in successive " the County of Middlesex;" without any Amend- Conventions, after repeated Communications with the ment: And also, Burgesses in the individual Burghs, Petitions were pre-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act sented to this House, in the Year 1788, from a very for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from great Majority of the Burgesses, Heritors, Traders or the Glamorganshire Canal, to or near the Village of Manufacturers, Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs, pray-Aberdare, in the County of Glamorgan, and for making ing that their present Systems of Government should Amendment and maintaining a Railway, or Stone Road, from thence be altered, corrected or amended, as to the House to or near Abernant, in the Parish of Cadoxtone juxta should appear proper for removing the Evils com-Neath, in the said County; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Glamorgdti-sliire and Aberdare Canal Bill, with an

plained of Actuated by no light and trivial Considerations, the Burgesses have continued to assemble Annually, by their Delegates in Convention, at Edinburgh, and to pursue the moderate and constitutional Measures which they originally adopted for obtaining A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, the important Object of their Association; complaining . Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and In- of no imaginary Grievances, they deemed it incumbent habitants of the Royal Burgh of Glasgoto and its upon them to establish the qctual Existence of the 'Suburbs, in Behalf of themselves and others, Burgesses Abuses in the internal Government of the Royal and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland, was Burghs by the clearest Evidence; by the indisputable Burghs, viz. presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Authority of Statutes, and of Public Records; by the by the ancient Constitutions of the Royal Burghs, and Admissions of the Magistrates in the Returns on the as^ow* by the express Words of their Charters, the Magistrates Table of this House, and by the Oral Testimony of"

Petitions from Scotland relative to the Constitution of the Royal

and Common Councils were elected Annually by the free Suffrage of the Burgesses, but, by Acts of the Scottish Parliament, passed in the Year 1469 and 1474, it was ordained that the old Council should choose the new, that the new and old Council should choose the Officers, and that four Persons out of the old should

Witnesses to Facts daily passing before their Eyes: From such Authorities the Petitioners think themselves entitled to affirm, and to represent to this House, that they labour under very great and intolerable Grievances, not only in relation to the Election of the Magistrates and Common Council of the Royal

be chosen Yearly into the new Council, and the local Burgh of Glasgow, to the Management of the common Usages founded upon the Principle of Self-election, Property and Revenues, and to the whole Adminis-introduced by those Statutes, have established Systems tration of that Burgh, but likewise as being materially of Government in the Royal Burghs, by which Men, interested in the Prosperity of all the other Royal once in Possession of Power, are enabled to retain it for Burghs in Scotland. Impressed with the warmest ever by successive Re-elections of themselves, or their Attachment to the Person and Family of their So-Friends and' Dependents, and Persons without Resi- vereign, and to the Constitution of their common dence, without Property, without Trade, without In- Country, the Petitioners are seduced by no speculative terest of any Kind in the Burghs may, for any Length Opinions, they seek the Establishment of no new or of Time, enjoy the important Offices of Magistrates and untried System, they have recently seen their ancient Councillors, and to those Institutions, in direct Oppo- Constitution restored, in a great Measure, to th,e Bur-sition to the original Rights of the Burgesses, the Courts gesses of the Burgh of Stirling: Limiting their Re-of Justice, even in the last Resort, have given the Force quests to a similar Restoration of their ancient Rights, and Authority of Laws: Under the Name of Setts, or ascertained by their most ancient Laws, and defined by Constitutions, these unjust and arbitrary Systems have their Charters, the Petitioners trust that they shall re-fundamentally overturned the ancient Government of ceive, from the Justice and Wisdom of the Legislature, the Burghs, and invaded the Rights and Privileges of that Relief which the Nature of their Case so loudly Yol. 48. demands.

Dumfries*

Lanerk.

Dundee*

Committee of Supply.

Instruction.

Estimate of Navy Debt referred.

Committee of Ways and Means.

demands, and Which, by an accidental Concurrence of Circumstances, the Burgesses of Stirling have been enabled already to obtain from the Beneficence of their Sovereign; and, in order to shew that this Demand is understood to be consistent with the Public Utility; the Petitioners observe, that, in every new Election of Burghs of Barony, the Election of the Magistrates is granted to the Burgesses, agreeably to the Principle of their present Application: And therefore praying, That the Abuses complained of in the internal Government of the Royal Burghs in Scotland may be enquired into; and, being enquired into and proved, that the present System of Government may be altered, corrected, or amended, not only in the said Royal Burgh of Glasgow, but in all the other Royal Burghs in Scotland, and that such other Relief may be given in the Premises as to the Wisdom and Justice of the House shall appear proper for removing the Evils complained of; and likewise praying, that Counsel may be allowed to be heard in Support of this Petition.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of ,in Behalf

of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Lanerk, in Behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Dundee, in Behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for vesting certain Sums in " Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a " Year to be by them applied to the Reduction of " the National Debt."

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty's Navy, as it stood on the 31st 1792,

be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself in a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Total Net Produce of the Taxes for One Year, ended the 5th Day of January 1793, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

N° 1. Copy of a Representation of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to His Majesty, relating to the Newfoundland Trade and Fishery, dated 19 th December 1718:

N° 2. Extract from a Representation of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to His Majesty; relating to the Newfoundland Trade and Fishery, dated 29th April 1765: And also,

N° 3. Extract from a Representation of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantationsto His Majesty, relating to the Newfoundland Trade and Fishery, dated 27th March 1766; And Copy of Governor Remarks on the present State and Management of the Newfoundland Fishery, dated 18th December 1765: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Report of the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Foreign Plantations on the Newfoundland Fishery, dated 17 th March 1786: And also, *

N° 5. Copy of a Representation of the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Foreign Plantations, on the Subject of establishing a Court of Civil Jurisdiction in the Island of Newfoundland, dated 10th May 1790 — Copy of a Report of Admiral Milbanke, upon the Judicature of the Island

of Newfoundland, dated 31st December 1789 — and Copy of a Letter from Admiral Milbanke, dated 20th February 1790.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the State of the Trade to Newfoundland.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend, and make more " effectual, the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, " and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses " of Correction, " was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Account of Produce nf Taxes referred.

Representations, &c. relating to the Newfoundland Trade and Fishery presented.

Vagabonds, Ac. Bill committed.

Petitions from Scotland relative to the Constitutions of the Royal Burghs, viz.

Kirkcaldy.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Kirkcaldy, in behalf of themselves and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by the ancient Constitution of the Royal Burghs, and by the express Words of their Charters, the Magistrates and Common Councils were elected Annually by the free Suffrage of the Burgesses, but, by Acts of the Scottish Parliament, passed in the Years 1469 and 1474, it was ordained, that the old Council should choose the new, that the new and old Council should choose the Officers, and that four Persons out of the old should be chosen Yearly into the new Council, and the local Usages founded upon the Principle of Self-election, introduced by those Statutes, have established Systems of Government in the Royal Burghs by which Men, once in Possession of Power, are enabled to retain it for ever by successive Re-elections of themselves, or their Friends and Dependents, and Persons without Residence, without Property, without Trade, without Interest of any Kind in the Burghs, may, for any Length of Time, enjoy the important Offices of Magistrates and Councillors, and to those Institutions, m direct Opposition to the original Rights of the Burgesses, the Courts of Justice, even in the last Resort, have given the Force and Authority of Laws: Under the Name of Setts, dr Constitutions, these unjust and arbitrary Systems have fundamentally overturned the ancient Government of the Burghs, and invaded the Rights and Privileges of the Burgesses; fluctuating, and uncertain in every Thing, except the Principle of Self-election, some of these Setts have been created, others have been repeatedly altered within the last Hundred Years: The Statutes prescribe one general uniform Constitution, or System of Self-election, for all the Royal Burghs, but from that Constitution the Setts have deviated in numberless Instances, and they are maintained in direct Violation of Charters granted so recently as in the Course of the last, and at the Beginning of the present Century, which give in general the Right of Election to the Burgesses: The pernicious Consequences of these Establishments have not only affected the Liberties and Political Government of the Burghs, they have contributed to prevent, or render fruitless, the Execution of Statutes, made for the Protection of the Revenues, and have extended their baneful Influence to every Branch of the Administration: By gross Misapplications and Dilapidations of the Common Property, and by enormous Contractions of Debt, the Burghs are reduced to Poverty and Distress; Police, and the necessary Accommodations of the Inhabitants, are neglected; Taxes are imposed and levied without the Authority of Parliament; and, for these, and many other enormous Grievances, there is no Judicature, from which it is practicable to obtain any effectual Relief. In the Year 1784, the Burgesses were impelled, by the common Feeling of the Evils which they so universally endured, to appoint Delegates to meet in Convention at Edinburgh, and to prepare an Application to the Constitutional Authority of the Legislature few: Redress: After the most serious and mature Deliberation in successive Conventions, after repeated Communications with the Burgesses of the individual Burghs, Petitions were presented to this House, in the Year 1788, from a very great. Majority of Bur-Vol, 48.

gesses, Heritors, Traders, or Manufacturers, Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs, praying, that their present , Systems of Government should be altered,' corrected, or amended, as to the House should appear proper, for removing the Evils complained of Actuated by no light and trivial Considerations, the Burgesses have continued to assemble Annually, by their Delegates in Convention, at Edinburgh, and to pursue the moderate and Constitutional Measures which they originally adopted for obtaining the important Object of their Associations: Complaining of no imaginary Grievances, they deemed it. incumbent upon them to establish the actual Existence of the Abuses in the internal Government of the Royal Burghs, by the clearest Evidence; by the indisputable Authority of Statutes, and of Public Records; by the Admissions of the Magistrates in the Returns on the Table of this House, and by the Oral Testimony of Witnesses to Facts daily passing before their Eyes: From such Authorities the Petitioners think themselves entitled to affirm, and to represent to this House, that they labour under very great and intolerable Grievances, not only in relation to the Election of the Magistates and Common Council of the Royal Burgh of Kirkcaldy, to the Management of the common Property and Revenues, and to the whole Administration of that Burgh, but likewise as being materially interested in the Prosperity of all the other Royal Burghs in Scotland. Impressed with the warmest Attachment to the Person and Family of their Sovereign, and to the Constitution of their common Country, the Petitioners are seduced by no speculative Opinions, they seek the Establishment of no new or untried System, they have recently seen their ancient Constitution restored, in a great Measure, to the Burgesses of the Burgh of Stirling: Limiting their Request to a similar Restoration of their ancient Rights, ascertained by their most ancient Laws, and defined by their Charters, the Petitioners trust that they shall receive, from the Wisdom and Justice of the Legislature, that Relief which the Nature of their Case so loudly demands, and which, by an accidental Concurrence of Circumstances, the Burgesses of Stirling have been enabled already to obtain from the Beneficence of their Sovereign; and, in order to shew that this Demand is understood to be consistent with the Public Utility, the Petitioners observe, that, in every new Election of Burghs of Barony, the Election of the Magistrates is granted to the Burgesses, agreeably to the Principle of their present Application: And therefore praying, That the Abuses complained of in the internal Government of the Royal Burghs in Scotland may be enquired into, and, being

enquired into and proved, that the present System of Government may be altered, corrected, or amended, not only in the said Royal Burgh of Kirkcaldy, but in all the other Royal Burghs in Scotland, and that such other Relief may be given in the Premises as to the Wisdom and Justice of the House shall appear proper for removing the Evils complained of; ana likewise praying, that Counsel may be allowed to be heard in Support of this Petition.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Forres, in behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Brechin, in behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Anstruther, in behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses and In-

5 D habitants,

Forre*.

Brechin.

Anstruther,

Dunbar.

Stranraer. '

Kilkenny.

Kintore.

Aberdeen.

Dysai t.

Forfar.

Whithorn.

Annan.

Pittenweein.

Banff.

Wick.

habitants, of the Royal Burghs in Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Dunbar, in behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland:And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Stranraer, in behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Killre in behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs of Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Kintore, in behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Aberdeen, in behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland: And

also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of in be-

half of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland: And

also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Forfar, in behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland: And

also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Whithorn, in behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland: And

also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Annan, in behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Pittenweem, in behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burghs of Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Banff, in behalf of themselves, and others, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Burgh of Wick, in behalf of themselves and other's, Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants of the Royal Burgh of in be-

half of themselves and other Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Royal Burghs in Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by the ancient Constitution of the Royal Burghs of Scotland, the Magistrates and Common Council were elected by the free Suffrage of the Burgesses; and it appears, by the Scottish Acts of Parliament, of the 20th of November 1469, and the 20th of November 1475, that the old Council shall choose the new Councillors and Office Bearers, and that Four Persons out of the old should be chosen Yearly to the new Council, but, by Usage, those Laws have gone into Disuse, and Systems of Government established in every Royal Burgh by those in Power, which has now introduced the baneful Influence of Self-election, by which the Principles laid down by the Legislature, for the good Government of Burghs, are entirely departed from, and the Laws made by the Subjects, known by the Name of Setts, are introduced, by which the Power, Management, and Direction of the Burghs is thrown into the Hands of One or Two leading Men, and the Burgesses, Traders, and those that pay the Public Burthens, are deprived of the Choice of their Managers and Rulers, which, by the Laws and good Government of our Country, they are entitled to; and that the pernicious Consequences of those Innovations as now established, which have so affected the Liberties of the Subject, and Political Government of the Burghs, is no where so severely felt as in the Burgh of Inverkeithing, the Particulars of which the Petitioners beg Leave shortly to lay before the House: The Sett of the said Burgh is to consist of a Provost, Two Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, and Fifteen or more Inhabitant Burgesses, as Councillors, who; when once elected, continue for Life; the Election of new Councillors is made by the old, and when so made, the Government and Prosperity of the Town and Common Good is not the Object, but entirely to strengthen the Political Party then in Power; therefore the Councillors, as elected by (and in Addition to) the old Council, are very seldom fit Objects for the Trust or Charge reposed in them; the principal Inhabitants, Merchants, and People of Trade, have not the smallest Voice or Vote in the Choice of their Rulers, far less in the Management of the Affairs of the Burgh, although they and their Properties are liable for every Transaction of the said Council and Rulers: It is true, the Five incorporated Trades have each One Vote in Council by their Deacon, chosen by them Annually for that Purpose, and for the Management of the Affairs of their respective Incorporations, but unfortunately these Five Deacons are Deacons and Councillors by Name, their Representation is nothing, especially when any Political Contest happens, and People of Ambition get the Power, the Good and Interest of the Burgh is not then their Object, except in Words upon their Canvas; their Principle is to give out, and attempt to make it be believed, that the Good of the Town is their solff Object, till they model themselves into what is called, in this baneful Sett, a Majority — when this is done, the Ball is at their Feet, and, for their Preservation, they Fee it, and their grand Stroke is a lasting Majority of Councillors (for Life) independent of the Trades, Deacons, ex officio — for that Purpose they fly to the extreme and unconstitutional Plan of making a great Number of Councillors, and, as they are for Life, the great Study is to have them obedient and ready at a Call to receive Directions — such Means being used, and Men introduced as Rulers, the Mercantile and Trading Part of the Community and principal Inhabitants feel the Effects of their horrid and unconstitutional Practices 2 introduced

Inverkeith

ing.

Dumbarton*

introduced by what is called a Sett, never made nor confirmed by the Legislature, but has crept into the Petitioners Police by Practice, introduced by Act of what is called the Convention; but it must be observed, that those at present in the Political Career do not stick at the general baneful Rule; they have of late fallen short to find Inhabitant Burgesses obe-. dient to their Call — a Point is therefore stretched — they have called Councillors from the Eastmost Corner of Fife and Town of Leith, neither of them having Property within the Burgh, carrying on no Trade, but elected entirely to attend when their Votes are wanted, and of Course to deprive those of having a Choice of their Rulers, who in all Justice ought to have it, the Inhabitants and Traders of the Place, whose Properties are amenable for the Conduct and Transactions of those their Rulers, by the Junto of Council in Power: The above State of Facts the Petitioners hope will be so far satisfactory, and shew to the House the Grossness and Illegality of the present Mode of Self-election, and Oppression the Petitioners labour under, they being entirely deprived of having any Choice in the Election of their Rulers; but that the Councillors being for Life, when once elected into that Office, continue there, and, however tyrannically or improperly they act, the Petitioners are deprived of the Power of making a new Choice; and the present Councillors and Rulers, by the Custom established, being sensible of their Durability, generally indict Hardships upon the Petitioners, which are intolerable to bear: This is the Fate of the Petitioners — at the same Time the Petitioners are actuated by no trivial or Political View; their entire Study and Wish is to have it in their Power to be of Use to the Good and Welfare of the Burgh, and to preserve their Liberty as free-born Britons: Their Royal Sovereign and

their happy Constitution they adore, and will support - — they do not ask nor look for any System speculative or untried; all they wish to have in their Power, and which they apprehend they are entitled to, is a free and fair Choice in their Representation, and particularly in their Council and Rulers: And therefore praying, That the Abuses and Grievances, complained of in the internal Government of their and all the other Burghs in Scotland, may be enquired into, and, being so found out and proved, that the present System of Government may be altered, and corrected, or amended, and that such other Relief in the Premises will be anted, as to the Wisdom and Judgment of the ouse shall appear proper for removing the Evils, complained of.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Dumbarton, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the ancient Constitutions of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland possessed a very high Degree of Freedom, the whole Magistrates, such as the Mayors, otherwise called Provosts, and the Baillies, otherwise called Aldermen, and also the Town Councils, having been elected Annually by the free Suffrage of- the Burgesses, otherwise called the Honest Men of the Borough; but, by several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in and posterior to the Year 1469, the ancient Constitution of the Royal Boroughs was fundamentally overturned, the Freedom of the Burgesses invaded, and Systems of Government established in the Boroughs of Scotland, which enabled Men, once in Possession of Power, to retain it for ever, by repeated Re-elections of themselves, or their Friends and Dependants: Local Usages, likewise altogether inconsistent with the Rights of the Burgesses, have established Institutions whereby not only Persons thus self-elected, but also Persons without Residence, without Property, without Trade, without Interest of any Voi. 48.

kind in Boroughs, may, for any Length of Time, enjoy the important Offices of Magistrates and Councillors, and to those local Institutions, created by Usage, in direct Opposition to the inherent Rights of me Burgesses, the Decisions of the Courts of Justice, even in the last Resort, have given the Force and Authority of Laws: Evident Violations therefore of the Liberties of the Burgesses created by Statutes and local Institutions, consisting in nothing but Abuses and Deviations from Law ana Right, pervade throughout the Governments of Boroughs. Those direct Infringements of Liberty, and these gradual Corruptions of Time and of Usage, now matured into Systems, compose those partial and absurd Establishments in Bo-, roughs, which have become not only the Subjects of the best-founded Complaints, but also the Objects of very general Reproach: They are only veiled and protected by a popular Name, for they are called the Constitutions of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland; of this' Corrupt Formation, particularly, is the Sett or Constitution of the said Borough of Dumbarton: The pernicious Consequences of these unjust and illiberal Systems have not only affected the Liberty and Political Government of Boroughs, their baneful Influence has also extended to every Branch of the Administration, and has contributed to prevent, or render fruitless, the Execution of Statutes made for the very Protection of the Revenues of Boroughs, reducing them to Poverty and Distress by gross Misapplications and Dilapidations of their Revenues and Property, and by enormous Contractions of Debt: Impressed as the Petitioners.. are with t>>e warmest Attachment to the Constitution of their common Country, and to the Person and Fami: - */ ‘heir Sovereign, it is with deep Regret, but \vi?h a 1'vely Hope of obtaining Redress of their Grievn. tha* they find themselves under the Necessity of app: t aching the House in the Language of Complaint: In conveying their Sentiments on Subjects so important, they have deemed it incumbent on them, and becoming the Dignity and Wisdom of the House, to support their Assertions by Authorities derived from the indisputable Evidence of Statutes, the Constitution of their Borough, or notorious Usage: From these Authorities the Petitioners conceive themselves entitled to affirm and to represent to this House, invested as it is with a Constitutional Power of affording Redress, that the Petitioners labour under very great and intolerable Grievances, not only in relation to Election of the Magistrates and Common Councils of the said Borough, and the Administration of the Property and Annual Revenues of the same, but as being materially interested in the Prosperity and Independence of all the other. Royal Boroughs of Scotland; and the Petitioners rely with the firmest Confidence on the Wisdom and Justice of the House, that for those very deep and intolerable Grievances they shall receive that Redress which their Nature and evil Tendency so loudly demand, and which it is natural for them to expect from the Spirit and and Liberality of Men whose Dignity and Power confessedly originate in the Consent and Authority of the People; and therefore the Petitioners having, by fatal Experience and daily Observation, been impressed with the deepest Sense of the pernicious Effects of the present Systems of Borough Government, in relation to the Liberty, Police, Revenue, Trade, and whole Administration of the Affairs of Boroughs, particularly of the said Borough of Dumbarton, are thereby impelled

to make the present Application to the House, in order to have those Systems altered, corrected, or amended, in all the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, in such Way and Manner as to the Justice and Wisdom of the House shall appear proper for removing the Evils complained of; and requesting that the House will allow Counsel to be heard in Support of the Subject Matter of this Petition.

A Petition

Sanquhar*

Indemnity Bil] reported

Bill tore-strain employing Persons' in making Canals presented.

Islington Burying Ground Petition reported.

380 11° Marti!1793.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Sanquhar, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the last preceding Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution Of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the' Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Charles Morgan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to restrain the employing of any Persons in making Navigable Canals during the Time of the Corn Harvest: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant March.-

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vicar and Churchwardens of the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunder written. Inhabitants of the same Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Biggerstaff being examined, said, That the Increase of Inhabitants in the said Parish hath made it necessary to enlarge the Cemetery, or Burying Ground, belonging thereto — That, in pursuance of an Order of Vestry, dated the 25th May 1790, a certain Piece of Copyhold Land, holden of the Manor of Canbury, otherwise Canonbury, in the County of Middlesex, containing, by Estimation, One Acre, or thereabouts, situate near the Lower Street of Islington, and adjoining to the Passage leading to the Church Yard of the said Parish, hath been purchased by certain Persons in Trust for the Benefit of the Parishioners of the said Parish. — Then,

Edward Boodle, Esquire, informed your Committee,

That an Agreement has been entered into for the Enfranchisement of the said Copyhold Piece of Ground, and Hereditaments standing thereon, and that a Surrender has been made of the same for the Purposes above-mentioned. — And,

Mr. Biggerstaff being further examined, said, That it would be for the Benefit of the said Parish, if the said Copyhold. Piece of Ground and Hereditaments were to be enfranchised, and the Freehold and Inheritance thereof conveyed to certain Persons, for the Purpose of enlarging the said Cemetery, or Burying Ground.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Church Yard, or Cemetery, of the Parish Church of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for enabling certain Persons to accept a Conveyance of the Freehold and Inheritance in Fee Simple of a Piece of Copyhold Land, holden of the Manor of Canbury, otherwise Canonbury, in the County of Middlesex, for that Purpose: And that Mr. Main-

waring and Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining Dayappoint-a Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the ed for Second County of Leicester, to join and communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Griff, in the Lordship Zouch Canal of Chilvers Coton, in the County of Warwick, and also Bill certain Cuts or Branches from the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 20th Day of this Instant March.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- Spalding, ing to Order, a Bill for embanking and draining Moulton,&c. certain Salt Marshes and Low Lands within the seve- El"^nVn® ral Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, p^"866 and Gedney, in the County of Lincoln, and for prevent- sented. ing the same Marshes and Lands from being Overflowed with the Sea; and for altering an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Marshes, Droves, Waste " Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Gedney, and " Hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the County " of Lincoln:"And the same was received; and read

the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according Moulton In. to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- closure Bill monable Salt Marshes, Droves, Commons, and Waste Pre»ente<|. Lands, within the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. William Clement Finch reported from the Com- Famham mittee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Baker, John Hop Planters Manwaring, Robert Allen, William Dowden, James Stevens, Junior, Chrus. Chitty, lVilliam Crump, Andrew Collyer, Thomas Buddie, Robert Trimmer, Andrew Bristow, Daniel Bristow, Senior, Bristow Bradley, William Shot ter, Caleb Barker, Daniel Walden, Junior, Joseph Brown, Peter Edwards, Andrew Merriott, Stephen Ccesar, Thomas Knight, John Cullen, John Hugkes,

John Marriner, Edward Bartholomew, William Meere,

Benjamin Nichols, Henry Martin, Ann Allen, Henry Matt hexes, Alexander Gilbert, Elizabeth Whittingham,

Daniel Bristow, Junior, Thomas Piper, John Walter,

John Long hurst, William Freeharry, Samuel John Page, George Alexander, William Taphouse, Charles

Restall, George West, Thomas Cooper, John

Elizabeth

Elizabeth Mayo, Samuel Ste Mary

James Edwards, John BakerJames Nash, William Knight, and Anthony Williams, Inhabitants of, and Hop Planters within, the Parish of in the County of Surrey, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Hop Planters within the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read^ and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Stevens, of Farnham, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Cultivation of Hops is a National Concern, and productive of a large Revenue to Government, being upon an Average upwards of £. 100,000 per Annum.

And he produced to your Committee an Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise in England, in the Four Quarters next preceding the *ioth of October 1792; from which it appeared, that the neat Duties on the Article of Hops, amounted to £. 82,776. — Then,

Henry Dyson, Esquire, of Sundridge, in the County of Kent, Being examined, said, That he is a Hop-Merchant and Planter, and has, for upwards of Thirty Years past, dealt largely as a Merchant, in buying and selling the same, and that, during that Period, he has imported as well as exported various Quantities, to answer the Demands of the Consumers of the Article.

And to prove that Hops were formerly imported, he produced to your Committee the following Statutes, viz. Second William and Mary, Chapter 4; Ninth Anne, Chapter 12; and First George the First, Chapter 12. — Then,

Mr. John Stevens being again examined, said. That he is resident within the Parish of Farnham, and has been an Inhabitant there for upwards of 68 Years, and that till within these last Six Years he has been largely concerned in the planting and Cultivation of Hops — that during the Season for the picking of Hops, exclusive of the Poor Inhabitants within the said Parish, who are very numerous, and in general all constantly employed in picking Hops, he computes the Number of Strangers, who attend to be employed during the Season of Hop gathering, amounts to upwards of 5,000.

Mr. Henry Dyson being further examined, said, That, from his own Observations at the Pickings, ne can corroborate the Evidence of Mr. Stevens as to this Subject — only, that he believes the Number of 5,000 is far short of the Number employed.

And the Witness further said, That the Cultivation of Hops greatly benefits the Poor, by finding Employment for Women and Children, in tying the Vines to the Poles, and in the Winter Time also in shaving the Poles — that it gives Employment to the Poor People for Eight Months at the least out of the Twelve: And, that in Kent, the Poor Rates have been reduced very considerably, in consequence of the Hop Plantations increasing.

And both the said Witnesses being further examined, said, That the Utility of Hops in the Brewery is very great, and cannot be dispensed with, as no other Bitter can be used in lieu of it.

And, in Confirmation of this Part of their Evidence, they produced to your Committee, an Act made in the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act " for laying a Duty upon Hops," wherein it is stated, That " it is found by Experience, that Hops used in the making of Malt-drinks are more wholesome " for those that drink or consume the same, and of " greater Advantage to the Drink itself, than any other bitter Ingredient that can be used instead thereof."

And the said Two Witnesses being further exa-Vol. 48.

mined, said, That the planting Ground with Hops, is, attended with very great Expence; and after the first planting, the keeping the Plantation in a proper State of Cultivation is also attended with a very great Annual Expence. — Then,

Mr. John Stevens informed your Committee, That Three Years are required to bring a Hop Plantation into a State of Maturity:

That the planting an Acre of Ground with Hops the first Year, will cost £. 29 6 —

For the Second Year 22 8 9

And for the Third - 64 8 —

And to keep the Plantation in a proper State of Cultivation and Management, including Poles, will Annually cost £. 30. — And,

Mr. Henry Dyson being again examined, said, The Expences of the Hop Planters in Kent are about'Two-thirds of those at Farnham, as near as can be, and that Difference arises from Rent and Manure chiefly.

And being further Examined, the said Two Witnesses informed your Committee, That the Comparative Expence of planting an Acre of Hops with that of planting any other, the most productive Article of Grain, exceeds more than Six or Seven to One. — Then,

Mr. Henry Dyson being again examined, said, That a Hop Plantation is subject to various Accidents, which frequently destroy the whole Crop; and he stated to your Committee the following Instances; — In

1778 the Amount of the Duty was £. 160,000, but in the Year 1782, it only amounted to £. 12,800, with an Addition even of £.15 per Cent, upon the latter, which was not upon the former: And that, on the 6th of September 1785, there happened a violent Wind, which destroyed, moderately speaking, not less than

15,000 Bags of Hops — many People, he said, estimated the Loss at 25,000, but he thought the former Quantity was certainly within the real Loss.

And being further examined, he said, That if the Soil is not well suited, the Plantation will not be long productive, but new Ground must be employed, and a new Plantation made: And he further said, That in Kent they generally change their Ground Once in Twelve or Fifteen Years, unless near, the large Towns, where they get great Plenty of Manure, and where the Ground, in consequence of that extraordinary Quantity of Manure, is more kindly. — Then,

Mr. John Steoens informed your Committee, That he has paid a Composition for the Tythe of Hops in Kind, growing within the Parish of Farnham, for upwards of 37 Years past, and that he has been informed by various old Persons, resident within the said Parish, and Hop Planters, That a Composition in lieu of the Tythes of Hops, has been paid for Time immemorial, and that the Tithe has never been paid in Kind.

The Witness further informed your Committee, That the Payment of Tythes in Kind of Hops, is incompatible with the Culture of them, by reason of the great Expence attending the Cultivation, by the Delay and Inconvenience occasioned by the Interfere ence of the Tythe Gatherer, in respect of the measuring and ascertaining his Right; because, if obliged to measure, it would be the Means of bruising and discolouring the Hops, and, by the Delay, subject the Produce to Rain and other Stofms, which, if wet before dried, will greatly lessen the Value of them, besides the great additional Expence of the Pickers being prevented going on with their Business, for which they will have an additional Allowance on Account of Loss of Time; otherwise the Planter will lose their Labour. — That in large Plantations the Pickers are divided into different Companies, at great Distances from each other, and if there are not as many Tythe Gatherers as Companies picking, great Inconvenience and Delay will arise.

Mr. Henry Dyson confirmed the foregoing Evi-5 E dence,

382

11° Marti. A. 1793.

Farnham Hop Planters Petition reported

dence, and added, That the Inconveniencies are innumerable.

Mr. John Knight then produced to your Committee the following Notice, signed by Henry Esquire,

the present Lessee of the Rectory of Farnham aforesaid (and who, as such, claims to be entitled to the Tythes in Kind of Hops, planted in the Fields in FarnhamJ;viz.

"Understanding that the Composition for the " Tytheable Matters upon the Hop Grounds in your " Occupation, within the Parish of ends

" at Michaelmas Day next; I hereby give you Notice " to determine such Composition at that Time. But " if it shall appear that the Year for which such " Composition is payable, end6 on any other Day in the Year 1792, I hereby give you Notice to determine such Composition on that Day; and I require you to set out the Tythes in Kind, for such " Grounds, after such Time as the Composition for " this Year shall end. Dated this 20th Day of " March 1792.

" To John Knight, Yours, &c.

" of Cox Bridge, Farnham, Surrey.

John Williams, Esquire, also produced to your Committee, a Letter from the said Mr. Halsey, directed to him, as follows:

" To John Williams, Esquire, Chairman to the " Committee of Hop Planters, at the Bush " Inn, Farnham.

grubbed up in his Memory, in consequence of Tythes in Kind having been demanded, and at another Time it was nearly grubbed up for the same Reason.

Mr. John Knight confirmed the above Evidence, and added, That he would grub up every Foot of his Land if Tythes were so taken.

Being severally examined,

John Slaws, Esquire, infor!Sf' J°ur

John William, Esquire, *f- V*' *7

William Mar k, Esquire, ters " ' bu! U7

- HoUUl, and "ou'd "o1 e"«aSe ln tha

- Beevo,'. Pla",n8 of ‘°P5 }{

J ythes were taken in

Kind. — Then,

John Stevens, Esquire, and Henry Dyson, Esquire, being again examined, said. It was their Opinion, That an unreasonable Composition being submitted to in one Part of the Kingdom, it would be naturally, set up as a Precedent, and induce others to follow the same Example, and might, to the Prejudice of the Public, extend over the greatest Part of the Kingdom.

Then several Acts were produced to your Committee, to prove that the Legislature had given a Remedy in Cases similar to the present Application; Third of William and Mary, Chapter 3; Eleventh and Twelfth of William the Third, Chapter 16; and the First of George the First, Stat. 2, Chapter 26, S. 2, which ascertain the Tythes of Hemp and Flax; and also, the Thirty-first of George the Second, Chapter 12, which ascertains the Tythe of Madder.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

" Sir,

" In Answer to a Letter, dated Yesterday, and " signed by the Committee^ requesting me to state " to them- the Proposals I made to the Meeting of u the Owners and Renters of Hop Ground, on the " 24th Ultimo: My Proposals then were, and which " I now repeat, that for the Tythe of Hops by Composition, I require Sixty Shillings per Acre, and " the Planters subject themselves to all Tenants " Taxes; but in Case it should be preferred, on Account of the disproportionate Goodness of Hop " Grounds in the Parish of Farnham, as well as unfruitful Years, I am ready to accept my Proportion by the Excise Account, allowing the Planter " a fair Deduction for Drying, Bagging, Duty, and " any other reasonable Allowance that may be determined on between us for Trouble — With respect to " the Tythe of Arable and Grass Lands, if it is " agreeable to the Tenants, I am ready to compromise with them upon an equitable Medium on the " Calculation of Crops. When I stated the above on " the 24th Ult, I then declared, that upon a Committee being appointed to meet and settle, that in " case they could point out any other Mode of settling with me that might be more agreeable to themselves, reserving my Dues without Vexation to me,

" that I was not so determined on my Propositions,

" but to be open to Conviction and Reason.

" I am, Sir,

" Henly Park, " Your most obedient,

" 8th March 1701. " humble Servant,

"Hy Halsey."

Mi*. Henry Dyson being again examined, said, That in his Opinion no Person would undertake to plant Hops, on the Terms of rendering Tythes of them in Kind — That if Tythes were to be taken in Kind, he thinks the Plantations would be grubbed up in a few Years — That he should certainly grub up his, if the Tythes were so taken, and he believes it would be the Case with the Majority of the Plantations in Kent; and his Reason for believing so is, that there is a large Plantation, called Barton Field, near Canterbury, of near 400 Acres, which has been Once wholly

12

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- Marhamln. ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- closure Bill closing the Old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Preseuted-Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of r ham, in the County of Norfolk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Cartme, Clerk Account of to the Company of Mercers of the City of London, Mercers attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the pr"3t"d. Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the Wardens " and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the " City of London, from the 10th of October 1791 to " the 1 oth of October 1792, directed to be laid before "each House of Parliament by Two Acts, one of " the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and " Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of " London," and the other of the Fourth Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

" intituled, "An Act for the Relief of the Bond and " other Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of " the Mystery of Mercers of the City of ."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session:

An ingrossed Bill to continue, for a limited Time, Pawnbrokers an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Bill passed. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for further regulating the Trade or Business of " Pawnbrokers," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers."

Ordered,

Bank Forgeries Bill deferred.

Cricklade

Election

Petitions

considered*

The Lords have passed

Domergnes Nat. Bill.

Proceedings on Cricklade Election Pe* titions*

33 Geo. III. 1.1° — 12° 383

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Curtis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds in the Transfers of the several Funds transferable at the Bank of England.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 12® die Martii;

Anno 33® Georgii III. U Regis, 1793.' Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire; and also the Petition of the Inhabitants possessing Houses within the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, who, by immemorial Custom and Usage, have a Right to vote at all Elections for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petitions.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker, to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holfotd and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Francis Dumergue and Charles John JolLDumergue) to which the Lords desire the

Concurrence of this House.

And then the-Messengers withdrew.

Then Mr. Speaker proceeded to count the House; and having counted above One hundred Members, and it appearing that upwards of Four hundred Members were present; the Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petitions into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Name of Edward Bearcroft, Esquire, being drawn, he offered, to the House as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That, being Chief Justice of Chester, he had Leave from the House to go that Circuit, and that he was under the Necessity of setting out on Saturday Morning next; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Name of Filmer Honywood, Esquire, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was unable, from, the ill State of his Health, to attend the Business Vol. 48.

of an Election Committee, and he delivered in at the Table a Certificate from Dr. Warren to that Effpct, which was read; and the Substance of what was so alledged being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Name of Humphry Minchin, Esquire, being drawn, he offered to the House, , as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was Major of the North Hampshire Regiment of Militia, which is now in Kent, and that he intended to join the Regiment on Thursday next; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Name of William Esquire, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was just recovered from a very long. Illness, and was yet incapable of attending on an Election Committee, and he delivered in at the Table a Certificate from Mr. Thompson, Surgeon and Apothecary, to that Effect, which was read; and the Substance of what was so alledged being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Name of the Right honourable William Pitt being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That, being Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer, he conceived, under the present Circumstances, it would be attended with material Inconvenience to the Public Service, if he was obliged to serve on the said Committee; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Namea of Twenty-seven Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of John Polltxftn Bastard, Esquire, being drawn, he offered to the House as, an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he is attending the Committee appointed to enquire into the State of the Trade to Newfoundland, in which his Constituents are much interested, and that the Persons deputed from Poole, and several Places in Devonshire, concerned in that Trade, conceive that their Interest will materially suffer, if he is obliged to attend an Election Committee;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Member be excused from serving on the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Name of Andrew McDowall, Esquire, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he was under Orders to go to Scotland on Thursday or Friday next, to assist in raising a Regiment of Fencible Men, of which he has been appointed Lieutenant Colonel; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Memher having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Name of the Honourable Major General James Murray, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That he had received very severe Wounds ir> the Service of his Country, which he conceived would render

the

384 12° Marl'ii. A. 1793.

the Confinement of an Attendance on an Election Committee very injurious to his Health; ai\d the Substance of what was So alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Name of Sir J being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, That, being His Majesty's Solicitor General, he conceived, in the present Circumstances of Public Affairs, Ins Attendance on an Election Committee would be attended with material Inconvenience to the Service of the Public; and the Substance of what was so alledged by him being taken down by the Clerk, and the said Member having at the Table verified the same upon Oath, the Opinion of the House was taken thereon; and he was excused from serving on the said Committee.

And the Names of Twenty-two other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of John Baynes Garforth, Esquire, William. Devayn Esquire, Sir George

Yonge, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, Patrick Home, Esquire, and Sir George Allanson Winn, Baronet, were drawn, who, having sworn that they were Sixty Years of Age or upwards, were excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Nineteen other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Seven on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); One as being a Petitioner complaining of an undue Election and Return; and Eleven as then serving on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete j

The Counsel for the Petitioners nominated Sir Francis Ford, Baronet, and the Counsel for the Sitting Members nominated Charles Bragge, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Counsel; the Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Cricklade The Counsel and Agents being returned to the Bar, Committee Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee de-appointed. livfired in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Sir Baronet,

and Charles Bragge, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Edward Miller Mundy, Esquire, Robert Ladbroke, Esquire, George Fludyer, Esquire, James Adams, Esquire, Sir George Douglas, Baronet, Sir John Thorold, Baronet, John Manners Sutton, Esquire,

Bastard, Esquire, William Morton Pitt, Esquire, Richard Muilman Trench Chisrcell, Esquire, William Evelyn, Esquire, Charles Duncombe, Esquire, Lord Viscount Bayham, Sir Francis Ford, Baronet, Charles Bragge, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire; and also, of the Petition of the Inhabitants possessing Houses within the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, who, by immemorial Custom and Usage, have a Right to vote at all Elections for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the stud Select Committee do meet

forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration Poole Elec-the Petition of the Honourable Basil William Douglas, tion Petition commonly called Lord Daer, One of the Candidates at con8'dered* the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough and County of the Town of , complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker proceeded to count the House; and having counted above One hundred Members, and it appearing that upwards of Four hundred Members were present; the Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and w

drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Name of Sir Robert Laurie, Baronet, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not u

serving on the said Committee, That he was Lieutenant a

Colonel to the Queen's Regiment of Light Dragoons, I

now quartered at Windsor, and was in constant Attend- u

ance on the Regiment, except when he occasionally «<

attended his Duty in Parliament;

And the said Excuse being objected to; e

The Counsel and Agents were directed to retire some (

Way from the Bar. ' 1

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Member be excused from serving on the said Committee.

The House divided.

Yeas to the Right: Noes to the Left.

Teller for the Yeas, — Sir William Yonge, - 239.

Teller for the Noes, — Mr. Wilbraham, - - 162.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Counsel and Agents were again called tQ the Bar.

And the Names of Twenty Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Right honourable Sir Richard Pepper Arden, Master of the Rolls, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he before stated to the House on Thursday last; and having verified the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Name of Humphry Minchin, Esquire, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he before stated to the House this Day; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Twenty-nine other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to > Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Major General Peter Bathurst, and the Earl of Inchiquin, were drawn, who, having sworn that they w'ere Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, were excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Twenty-eight other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Ten on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age or upwards (before sworn); Two against whose Election Petitions

were

33 Geo. III. 12° Mar til 38 5

i were depending; and Sixteeh on Account of

i having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

I And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being

complete;

The Counsel for the Petitioner nominated Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, and the Counsel for the Sitting Mem-I ber nominated James Am Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered

to the Counselthe Door of the House was opened, and the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Poole Elec- The Counsel and Agents being returned to the Bar, tiooCom- the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee de-| livered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of Sir Peter , Baronet, and

James Amyatt-, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

The Lord Grey, Robert Peele, Esquire, the Honourable Edward Monckton, Clement Taylor, Esquire, John Campbell, Esquire, Philip Metcalfe, Esquire, Lawrence Dundas, Esquire, Sir Joshua Vanneck, Baronet, John Bond, Esquire, Charles Pelham, Esquire,

William Colhoun, Esquire, William Curtis, Esquire, Francis Annesley, Esquire, Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, James Amyatt, Esquire.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of the Honourable Basil William Douglas, commonly called Lord Daer, One of the Candidates at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controvetred Elections.

Pontefract The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration B«tion I'e- the Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, complaining of an wion const- undue Election and Return for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee) to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker , to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker proceeded to count the House; and having counted above One hundred Members, and it appearing that upwards of Four hundred Members were present; the Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Fifteen Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Earl of Mornington being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he before stated to the House on Thursday last; and having verified. the same upon Oath, he was excused accordingly.

And the Name of the Right honourable William Pitt being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Vot. 48.

Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he before stated to the House this Day; and be was excused accordingly.

And the Name of Humphry Minchin, Esquire, being drawn, he offered to the House, as an Excuse for not serving on the said Committee, the Reasons which he before stated to the House this Day; and he was excused accordingly.

And the Names of Thirty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Twenty-five other Members, then present, were drawn and set aside;

Seven on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Two as being Petitioners complaining of undue Elections and Returns; One as then serving on a Select Committee; Fourteen on Account of having in this Session, served on Select Committees; and One on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete;

The Agent for the Petitioner nominated An-

struther, Esquire, and the Agent for the Sitting Member nominated William Wilberforce, Esquire, to serve on the said Committee.

And Lists of the Forty-nine Names being delivered to the Agents, the Door of the House was opened, and they withdrew.

Ordered, That the Names of the Members who did Defaulters not appear this Day, on the Appointment of the Se- Names on lect Committee for Trial of the several Petitions re-complaining of an undue Election and Return for the portecl. Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; and also, on the Appointment of the Select Committee for Trial of the Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole; and also, on the Appointment of the Select Committee for Trial of the Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York (which Names were set aside) be reported by Mr. Speaker to the House Tomorrow, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report, Sup-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it pty-was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sum to the That the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds be Bank for the granted to His Majesty, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be pebt by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Towards pay-That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Seventy- ing off the five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, Navy* towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report, Ways from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it and Means, was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to

5 F report

12° Martii.

A. 1793.

Money out of Consolidated Fund.

report to the House; which he read in his Place; and Hollandand that great Part of the Road from CoU afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the chester to Harwich, running through the Petitioners same was read; and is as foBoweth; viz, said several Parishes of Marling-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tree, Wix, Ramey, and

That, towards making good the Supply granted to Dvoercourt, and Saint Nicholas in , in the

His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Hundred of Tendring, is now in very bad Repair, and Three Millions Two hundred and Nine thousand in some Part thereof even dangerous for Travellers, Pounds out of the Monies that shall arise of the Sur- and has been very much neglected, as, for a great plus of the Fund, called The Consolidated Fund, from Number of Years preceding, until Four or Five the 5th Day of January 1793 to the 5th Day of April Years last past, no Surveyor was ever appointed to take 1794* Care of, or inspect, the Repairs thereof, and but very

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, small Sums of the Money collected by the Tolls upon was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the said Road have been laid out from the aforesaid the House. Parish of Ardldgh to the said Parish of Saint Nicholas

in Harwich, the whole' Extent of the Hundred of Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Tendring, the Petitioners of the said several Parishes Report which, upon the 21st Day of May, in the last having only received the Sum of 630/. in the whole Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee from the Tolls collected on the aforesaid Roads, from who were appointed to enquire how far the Laws for the Year 1777 to the Year 1792, for the Repairs of on Lotteries, preventing illegal Insurances, and other Evils which about Nineteen Miles of the Road (vis. from Ard-to be printed. have been found to attend the Drawing of State Lot- to Harwich as above stated) although very large

teries, are effectual to the Object proposed by them, Sums of Money have been applied towards the Rer be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the pairs of other Parts of the said Road, as will appear by Members of the House. the Accounts of the Trust, by which Means the Peti-

tioners have been greatly oppressed by keeping in Repair the said Road through their said respective Parishes; and the Petitioners, besides, have been harassed with Presentments on Account of the Badness of their Roads, notwithstanding the y have regularly performed their Statute Work as by Law directed.

Report from Committee respecting illegal Insurances. &c.

Leave given The House being informed, that Henry Thornton, Mr. Thornton Esquire, one of the Members of the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable Pole,

and Robert Wood, Esquire; and also, the Petition of

to absent himself flora the (irimsby Election Committee.

Christopher Clayton, the Reverend William Smelle, and and have also raised by Rates in their respective Pa-

William Bell, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimby, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, is indisposed with a bad Cold and sore Throat, and that he cannot continue his Attendance on the said Select Committee without the Risque of material Injury to his Health;

And the House being informed, that Mr. Upton (Surgeon and Apothecary) attended at the Door, who

rishes, from the Year 1777 to the Year 1792, upwards of 800l., in Addition to their Statute Duty, which said Sum hath been all applied to the Repairs of the Roads through the above-mentioned Parishes as the same hath been collected together, with the Aid above-mentioned to have been received from the Tolls of the Turnpike, but all which have been utterly insufficient to make the Roads tolerably good through the above-mentioned several Parishes: And therefore praying, That the House will separate the above-mentioned General Trust relating to the said several

could give the House Information respecting the present Roads in and Hertfordshire, in such Manner that

State of Mr. Thorntons Health; he was called in; so much of the said Road as lies within the Hundred

and, at the Bar, examined upon Oath, and acquainted the House, that he had seen Mr.

who is indisposed with a bad Cold and sore Throat, attended with Inflammation, which will necessarily confine him to his House, and that it would be impos-

of Tendring and Borough of Harwich, extending through the Petitioners said several above-mentioned Parishes, being in Length about Nineteen Miles, may be placed under the Power of separate Trustees appointed for that Purpose, resident within the said

sible for him to attend his Duty upon the said Select Hundred of Tendring and Borough of Harwich, who Committee without great Hazard. may be enabled to erect Gates, and collect Tolls, for

And then he was directed to withdraw. the Purpose of amending and repairing the Roads

Ordered, That Henry Thornton, Esquire, have Leave through the Petitioners said above-mentioned Pa-to absent himself from any further Attendance on the rishes, by which Means the Petitioners are well con-said Select Committee. vinced they shall be enabled to put, and maintain,

their said Roads in good Repair, and at the same Time A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Pa- that the House will make such further Regulations for rishes of Saint Nicholas and Davercourt, within the the Management of the Road through the Petitioners Borough of Harwich, Ramsey, Wrabness, Wir, Brad- said respective Parishes as to the House shall seem

Petition to separate the Trust of the

Essex arid _

Hertfordshire field, Mistley, Maningtree, Lawford, and Ardldgh, all

Roads. within the Hundred of Tendring, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners being informed that a Petition is now before the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to renew the different Trusts now about expiring for repairing various Highways within the Counties of Essex and Hertford, beg Leave to state to the House, that the Great Main Road from Skenfield to Harwich, contained in the above Trusts, is in Length somewhat above Fifty-one Miles, being from Shenjkld to Chelmsford Nine Miles, from Chelmsford to Kelvedon above Eleven Miles, from Kelvedon to Colchester Ten Miles,

meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John Robinson, Mr. Bram-ston, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Hippisky Coxe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy,

eai

:t\ \ 1

and from Colchester to Harwich Twenty-one Miles, and Freeholders, and others, residing in the County of runs through the Hundreds, of Chelmsford, Witham, Somerset whose Names are thereunder written, was re-Lcxden, and^ Tendring,-in. the: County of Essex, and is ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found the great Line of Communication from London to that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to

5 Turnpike

Churchill, Lftugford, &c. Hoads Petition re* ported.

33 Geo. III.

12° Martii.

387

Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, it not being determined to apply to Parliament till after the Time limited by the Standing Orders of the House had elapsed, because a sufficient Sum of Money had not been subscribed for carrying on the Repairs <Jf the Roads mentioned in the Petition, but that Notices were inserted in the Chronkk on the 29th of November, and on the 6th and 13th of December last, and that Notice was also affixed on the Door of the Sessions House in the City of Wellsif it the last Christmas Quarter Sessions; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Miles, being examined, said, That the Roads leading from West Harptry to the Bath and Turn-

pike Road at Emborow, and from West Harptry to the Bath Turnpike Road at Marksbury, and from West Harptry to Fore Cross, and from West Harptry to the Blue Bowl Inn, in Compton Martin, and from Berrington to the Town of Wrington, and from The Nine Elms, at

North Widcombe, to Coley, in the County of Somerset, through the several Parishes and Places mentioned in the Petition, are very much out of Repair, narrow and incommodious for Carriages and Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making, amending, diverting, and widening the Roads leading from West Harptry, to the Bath and Wells Turnpike Road, at Emborow, and from West Harptry, to the Bath Turnpike Road at Marksbury, and from West Harptry to Fore Cross, in the Parish of Churchill, and from West Harptry to the Blue Bowl Inn, in Compton Martin, and from Berringtonto the Town of Wring-ton, and from The Nine Elms, at North Widcombe, to Coley, in the County of Somerset: And that Mr. Hip-pisley Core and Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, and bring in, the same.

BwrtOQ

Rods Bill

CQflttd.

en-

A Bill for continuing the Terms, and altering, larging, and consolidating, the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads and Streets in and near the Town of in the County of Somerset; and for repairing, widening^and altering, the Road from the Turnpike Road at the West End of Brewton aforesaid, to the Warminster Turnpike Road ia Norton Bavant Field, in the County of Wilts, and the Road leading from Kilmington Common, to the North End of Norme\)Common, in the County of Somerset, and from Maiden Bradley, in the said County of Wilts, to Gore Hill, in the County of Somerset, and the Road from the Brewton Turnpike Road on Hobwell Hill, to the 1home Turnpike Road at Honey Thom Hill, in the said County of Somerset, and the Road from Ludwell's Elm, to the Somerton Turnpike Road at Castle Cary, in the said County of Somerset, and the Road from the West End of Brewton aforesaid, to the House of Richard Chaffin, in Week Champflower, in the said County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hip-pitley Core, Sir John Trevelyan, &c.: And they are to meet th»B Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

mmittee

pitted.

The Agents before-mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Committee delivered in to the House One of the said lists, Vol. 48.

which had been struck by the said Agents in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of John struther, Esquire, and William Wilberforce, Esquire, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

John Blackburne, Esquire, the Lord Muncaster, William Mainwaring, Esquire, Colonel Balfour, Lord Henry Spencer, George Sumner, EsquTre, Sir Horace,

Baronet, Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Baronet, William Lygon, Esquire, Sir John William De la Pole, Baronet,

Sir George Thomas, Baronet, the Earl of Tyrconnel, Robert Smith, Esquire, John Anstruther, Esquire, William Wilberforce, Esquire.

Ana the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

A Bill' for repairing, widening, diverting, and im- Stafford and proving the Road from Stafford to Church Bridge, and Uttoxeter also the Road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, all in the Road*; County of Stafford, and also the Road from Stafford con, mi e to Newport, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed t<5 Sir Edward Littleton, the Earl Gower, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Knatchbull do make the Ke-commit-Report from the Committee, to whom the Report was ^Report on re-committed, which was made from the Committee, ^Ashford to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose RoadPeti-Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and don reported. Occupiers of Estates in the County of Kent, was referred.

Sir Edward Knatchbull accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills had been complied with; except that the Parishes of Bromfdd, Witchling, and Boxley, were not included in the Notices, it not being known, till lately, that the Road passed through any of those Parishes; that the Distance within the Parish of Brom-Jiefd is near a Mile, and within the Parish of Witchling it is only about Fifty Rod; and that a Deviation is proposed to be made out of the present Road, which will lead through the Parish of Boxley for about the Distance of 276 Rod, but that the Notices given in pursuance of the said Standing Orders describe the Commencement and Termination of the Road intended to be repaired; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed the same to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. George Jemmett being examined, said, That the Road leading from Wren's Cross, in the Town of Maidstone, through the several Parishes named in the Petition, to the Town of Ashford, in the County of Kent, is very much out of Repair, and in some Places circuitous, narrow and incommodious to Travellers, and cannot be sufficiently amended, widened, shortened, improved, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances

mentioned

12° Ma

A. 1793.

mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Kent, and in Three Newspapers to be printed or circulated in the said County in this present Month of March, and in the Month of April, or in eitheir of them, of the Application-to Parliament for a Bill for amending, widening, shortening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the RoacVfrom Cross, in the Town

other Relief may be granted to the Petitioners in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitant Housekeepers

of'MaUsUm, in the County of Kent, through the West of‘he, n the £*,"5.

or lower Harrietshem StrM, by Harriete&m Church, Count>' of **' through Lenham and Charing, to Barrow Hill in

Ashford, in the said County.

Surrey

Debtors Petition.

A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the County Gaol for Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petitions A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint from South- Olave, in the Borough of Southwark: And also, wark respect- petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint otfCoals. Uty Saviour, Southwark: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by the Act of the Ninth of Anne, Cap. 22, and several subsequent Acts, a local Duty of Three Shillings per Chaldron or Ton, was. imposed upon all Sorts of Coals and Culm imported and brought Coastwise into the Port of the City of London, or the River Thames, within the Liberty of the said City upon the same River, and was appropriated for the building certain Churches in and near the Cities of London and Westminster, and for other Purposes enumerated in the said Acts, and there is no Charge, Claim, or Incumbrance on the said

was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving and repairing certain Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Old Cock Lane and York Street as are in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; and Setting forth, That several of the Powers and Provisions contained in the said Bill will be very prejudicial and oppressive to the Petitioners and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, the greatest Part of whom are poor working People: And therefore praying,

That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

toll

k

qa

r %

'll

21

.1

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition trot Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there- ^WI'trs

Duty, other than an Annuity to the Governor unto subscribed, being Oivners^or Occupiers of Lauds ^^sst

and Company of the Bank of England, granted in Consideration of their having advanced the Sum of 1,750,000l. for the Purpose of discharging certain Sums of Money which had been raised, from Time to Time, upon the said local Duty; and that, besides the said local Duty of Three Shillings, there were other local

through which an intended Navigable Canal firom Ashby deli I Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to join Zouch Cao and communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Griff, in the County of or through which

certain proposed Navigable Cuts or Branches from Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid, to or near Ticknall, in the County of Derby, Staunton Harold, Cloud Hill,

Duties laid upon the same Articles, by the Ope- and Coleorton, in the said County of Leicester, is and ration of Overcharges in the National Imposts are designed, if made, to pass, or being Inhabitants 1779 and 1782, the Officers in computing those of the Townships near the Line of the said intended Branches having taken Five per Cent, off all the Canal, or proposed Cuts or Branches, was presented preceding Branches indiscriminately, although to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in com-

~ ‘ pliance with the Standing Orders of the House, Notice

was given in the Month of September last in The London Gazette, Leicester Journal, and other Newspapers, published in the Counties of Leicester, Warwick, and Derby, that an Application was intended to be made Fraction to an Integer; and it appears, by Com- to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for making putations now made, that the Surplus arising and maintaining a Cut or Canal for the Purposes of from the said local Duties, after paying the An- Navigation from, or near, a Place in the Parish of nuity to the Bank of England, is more than Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, called sufficient for paying off the whole of the said The Calli to join and communicate with the Coventry Debt of 1,750,000l.; and that, by the Act of Canal Navigation at or near Grff, in the Parish of the Thirteenth of George the First, Cap. 21, it Chilvers in the County of Warwick, which was provided, that, so soon as the whole Debt said Canal is intended to be carried into or through and Interest should be paid, the Duty should be the several Parishes or Townships of Ashby de la Zouch, understood to be redeemed; and, by the Act of Blackfordby and Boothorpe, in the County of Leicester, the First of George the Second, Stat. 2, Cap. 8, Donislhorpe, in the Counties of Leicester, and Derby, it was enacted, that, on Payments being made Okethorpe and Measeham, in the County of Derby, to the Bank, not less than 500,000l. each, Snareston,

the Annuity should be proportionably reduced: worth, Coton, Shenton,

and therefore submitting the Premises to the Golding, Higham, Hinckley, and Sketchley, in the County Consideration of the House, in hopes that the of Leicester, Stretton Baskerville, Burton Hastings, said local Duties may be repealed, or that such Woolvey, BuIkington, MarsionJabet, and Chilvers Coton,

one of them was the aforesaid local Duty of Three Shillings, and the Consolidation Act of the Twenty-seventh of His present Majesty having added Eight-tweutieths of a Penny to the Total Duty on Coals, in order to raise the

in

33<?eo. III.

12° Mctrtii.

38 9

in the County of Warwick, and also to extend the said intended Canal, by Cuts or Branches therefrom for the Purposes of Navigation, from or near Ashby la Zouch aforesaid, to or near the Lime Works at nall, in the County of Derby, the Lime Works, Lead Mines, and Coal Mines, at Staunton Harold, the Lime Works at Cloud Hill, in the Parish of Brcedon, and the Coal Mines at Coleorton, in the County of Leicester, which said Extension, and Cuts or Branches therefrom, is, and are intended, to be carried into, or through, the Parishes or Townships of Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid, Repton, a Place called Tastall Fee and Ttcknall, in the County of Derby, and Staunton Harold,

Coleorton, Worthington, Nand

stone, in the said County of Leicester, or, instead of the Extension as aforesaid, the said intended Canal to be extended from, or near Rlackfordby or Boothorpe aforesaid, to or near the said . Lime Works at Ticknall, Lime Works, Lead Mines, and Coal Mines, at Staunton Harold, Lime Works at Cloud , and Coal

Mines at Coleorton by Cuts or Branches to be carried into, or through, Blackford and BoothorpS aforesaid, and the Parishes or Townships of Hartshorne, Repton, Ticknall, and a Place called Tatsall Fee, in the County of Derby, Ashby de la Zouch, Staunton Harold, Coleorton, Newboid\TViorthington, Breedon, and Thringstone, in the County of Leicester;and that the said Navigable Canal and proposed Cuts or Branches, for the making and maintaining whereof Powers are intended to be sought by the said Bill, is and are contrary to the general Sense and Opinion of the Petitioners and others who will be affected thereby, and the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be prejudicial and injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and that the said Bill may not be passed into a Law, or that such Order may be made for the Relief of the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr.Cirjonj A Petition of Penn Assheton Curzon, Esquire, w'as also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, de U That a Bill is depending in the House for making a Zouch Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County hoi Bill of Leicester, to communicate with the Coventry Canal Navigation, at or near Griff, in the Parish of Chilvers Colon, in the County of irwick, with certain Cuts or Branches to be extended therefrom, for the Navigation of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid; and that the Petitioner is Owner of a Mansion House in the Lordship of in the said County of Leicester, called Gopsall Hall, which, together with the Improvements belonging thereto, has cost upwards of 100,0001, and of a Spring issuing from a Rock near the same, from which the Petitioner is supplied with Water for his House, and for the various Uses of his Family; and that it appears that the said intended Canal is proposed to be made between the Petitioners Mansion House and the said Spring, at a Distance of about Three Quarters of a Mile from the Mansion House, and about One hundred and Forty Yards from the said Spring, and, in case the said Canal is made in the Line proposed, it will, in the Opinion of experienced Miners and Engineers, totally destroy the said invaluable Spring, and in that Case it will render the Seat of the Petitioner not fit for his Residence in future: And therefore praying the House to take his Case into Consideration, and that he may be beard, by his Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pasB into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to join and communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or aear Griff, in the Lordship of Chilvers Coton, in the County of W , and Vol. 48.

also certain Cuts or Branches from the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same 'lime, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Wilberforce reported ftom the Committee, to Wakefield

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, rep0 within the Townships or Graveships of Stanley, Wrenthorpe, Alverthorpe, and Thornes, in the Parish of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Frederick Thomas, Earl of

Strafford;and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, fbeing Owners of Estates, and Occupiers of Houses and Land, in the Town and Parish of Wakefield, in the County of York, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the first-mentioned Petition, no Person appearing in Support of the second-mentioned Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the adding One Commissioner to the Three named in the Bill (except the Owners of Estates whose Property in the Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed, is assessed to the Land Tax at 51, per Annum, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates whose Property in the said Lands and Grounds is assessed to the Land Tax at about 51 /. per Annum, who have either declared themselves perfectly indifferent about the Inclosure, or not given any Answer to the Applications made to them respecting it; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at 432/. per Annum, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wrere Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Fom Naviga-whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- tion, Ac. Bill gable Communication from the Junction of the reP°rted River Foss with the River -Ouse, at or near the City of York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of

in the North Riding of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands lying on each Side of the said River Foss, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

5 G Resohed,

Wakefield and Abber-ford Road Bill committed.

North Duffield and Biibwith Bridge Bill committed.

Selby Ferry and Market Weighton Road Bill committed.

St. Lukes lighting and watching Petition reported.

390 12" — 13° Martii. A. 1793.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for, repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Abberford, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. berforce, Mr. Charles Duncombe, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Bubwith Ferry, in the East Riding of the County of York, and making proper Approaches thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Charles Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Selby Ferry, in the Parish of to the

1'own of Market Weighton, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Charles Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better enlightening and cleansing " the Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, u Passages, and Courts within the Parish of Saint " Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and regulating " the Nightly Watch and Bedels, and for repairing " the Highways within the said Parish," was read: And,

Mr. John Miles being examined, said, That the Powers and Provisions of the said Act have, in the Execution thereof, been found so defective and insufficient, that it is expedient that the same should be wholly repealed, and proper Powers granted for the better lighting, cleansing, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better enlightening and " cleansing the Open Places, Squares, Streets, Lanes, " Alleys, Passages, and Courts within the Parish of "Saint Luke, in the County of , and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels, and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish," and for granting other Powers for the better lighting,

cleansing, watching, and regulating the Squares,

Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Places within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the same: And that Air. Mainwaring and Sir Thomas Coxhead do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House being informed that Mr. Ramsay, General from the Directors of the East India Company, at- Letterdated tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the For‘William, Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their p"^st Order, seated.

Copy of the General Letter from the Revenue Department, dated Fort William, 25th August 1792,

N° 1.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 13* die Martii;

Anno 33* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

THE House proceeded to take into Consideration Lords the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Na- ganshire / vigable Canal from the Glamorganshire Canal, to or Aberdare near the Village of Aberdare, in the County of Gla- Canal Bill >

morgan, and for making and maintaining a Railway, agretd ,0' or Stone Road, from thence to or near Abernant, in the Parish of Cadoxlone juxta Neath, in the said County.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 24. After " Mistake," insert, " Provided always, That no Deviation shall be made from the " Line or Course of the said intended Canal into Lands or " Grounds not described in the " said Plan or Book of Reference, without the Consent in " Writing of the Person or Persons through whose Lands or " Grounds such Deviation shall " be made."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed , Bill for continuing the Term, and Speenham-altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in land and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from Speenhamland, in the ed 1 County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of P Wilts, and several other Roads therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth

Year

33 Geo. III.

13° Martii*

391

Gen?:

Letter

Forty

ill

urn,

Ac. Bill deferred.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing lighting, cleansing and otherwise improving, the the Highways from Speenhamland, in the County of Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and for re-Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and moving and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, several other Roads therein mentioned. and Annoyances therein; and Setting forth. That there

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do cany the Bill to are certain Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. which, if the same should pass into a Law, will materially

affect the Interests of the Petitioners, and particularly The House was moved, That the Order, made the Clause by which a Duty is intended to be imposed upon Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into upon all Coals, Coke, and Cinder, which, after the a Committee of the whole House, upon this Day passing of the said Act, shall be imported or brought Sevennight, upon the Bill to explain and amend an into, landed or delivered, within the River Orwell, or Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of the Port or Town of Ipswich, or Harbour thereof: His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend, and And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by " make more effectual, the Laws relating to Rogues, themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts " Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same " and to Houses of Correction, " might be read. may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven- Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be

Heytoboiy

Writ.

night, the 22d Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Heytesbury, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable Richard

heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Earl of Barrymore, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Cml Bill

nprted.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- Million Bank ing to Order, a Bill to incorporate certain Persons, ®j|l Presen- Mr. Chute reported from the Committee, to whom therein to be named, a Society for the Grant, Purchase, e '

to

tG1

the Bill for effectually carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Cherlsey, in the County of Surrey, and to the South-East Side of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish and Sale of Annuities for Lives, or for Terms of Years:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a cer- Langley tain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, called South Com-Langley South Common, within the Barony or Manor of °"

of Turgiss, in the said County of Southampton, was com- Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County committed.

mitted; and to whom the Petition of the President and Scholars of the College of Sai Mary Magdalen, in the University of Oxford, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which

of Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grey, Mr. Lambton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That

ini

Cnckhowtll

presented.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Grindon Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, called Common In-

they had directed him to report to the House; and he don Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, closure ®'11

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northum- committe

the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's berland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grey,

Mr. Lambton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

the Bill, with the Amendment, be

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, called Mr. Scudamore presented to the House, according to Thomgrafton Common, and also certain Common Fields Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of or Dales, and Pieces of Land, within the Township of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, Thorngraflon, all within the Barony or Manor of Wark, for amending, widening, and altering, the Roads and in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of

leading from Crickhoncell, in the County of Brecon, to Northumberland, was read a Second Time, the Cross Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Grey,

Road between the City of Hereford and Ross, and from Mr. Lambton, See.: And they are to meet this After-a Place called The Lower Cross Ways, in the Parish of noon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Saint Maugharis, to the Town of Grossmount, in the

Thorngrafton Inclosure Bill committed.

County of Monmouth, and from a Smith's Shop at Stanton, in the Parish of Llanvihangell, to Chapel a Fine, in the same County, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Barton upon whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Huroberln-the Open Fields, Ings, Marshes, and Common Pastures, and other Common and Waste Lands and

closure Bill reported.

Hereford, to Ponttanast, in the Parish of Cluddock, in Grounds, within the Lordship of Barton upon Humber,

y i

V;

Petition ipost Ipswich Paving

Bill.

the said County: And the same was received; and in read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for paving,

Vol. 48.

the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Four Persons,

whose

13° Martu.

£>2

whose EsUtMs are flssfd&Ud to the Lund Tat at about 41. Atittwfo; and that the whole Property be-

longing to Persons interested in the Incfosure 19 assessed to the Land Tax at 210/. pet Anmrti, of thereabouts; and that ho Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bin); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there* unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read through* otrt; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bin, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Eau Brink Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to acd King's whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the age*humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names reported. are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Ouze, to and from the Town of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and also the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes of Colne, Sorhetsham, Wdrboys, Berry, Ramsey with

Higney, Pidley and Fenton, Blmtisham and Earith, Hollywell and Nccdinguorth, Saint Ives, Houghton and Wilton, Oidhurst, Woodhurst, Broughton,

Upwood with Great Ravely, Farcett,

Yaxley, Stilton, CaldicoDenton, Glutton, Holme, Cunnington, Sawtrey All Saints, Sawlrey Saint Judith and Saint Andrezo, Wood Hadden,

Stibbington with Sibson, Woodstone, and Fletton, in the County of Huntingdon; Fordham, Lon-

wade, Swaffham Prior with Reach, Btdbeck,

Burrell with Reach, Wic Soham, Barway,

Qui, Dilton, Homingsey, Landbeach, Ches-

terton, Milton, Cottenham, Rampton, Willingham, Over, and Swacey, in the County of Cambridge; Brandon, Wang ford, Lakenkeath,

lington, Freckingham, and in the County of

Suffolk; Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, Wiggenhall Saint Germans, Wiggenhall Saint Petjers, Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, West Lynn with North Lynn, Clench-warton, Terrington Saint Clement's, Terrington Saint John's, Walpole Saint Peter's, Walpole Saint Andrew's, West Walton, Walsokcn, Enmeth, Tilney all Saints, Tilney Saint Lawrence, Tilney cam Islington, South Lynn, North Runcton, Hardwick and Setchy, gay, Tottenhill, WatlHigton, Runcton, JRuncton Holme, Thorpland, Slow Bardolph, Wimbotsham, Downham Market, Ryston and R Denver, Fordham, Hit-gay, Southery, Feitwell Saint Mary's, Feltwell Saint ^Nicholas, Hockwold, Wilton, Meihwoid, Northwold, Oxburgh, Fonldtn, Stoke Ferry, Wrettan, Wereham, West Dereham, Ouiwell, and Welney, in the County of Norfolk; Elm, Ontwett, Upwell, Welney, Money, Stuntney, Ely Trinity, Ely Saint Mary's, Churchant otherwise Ckettisham, Littleport, Stretham, Thetford, Downham, , Witchford, Witcham,

Wingford or Wentworth, Wilbur ton,

Mepal, Sutton, March, with Wimblington,

Benwick, Chatteris, Whittlesea Saint Mary's, Whittlesea Saint Andrew, and Wisbeach, within the Isle of Ely, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative'to Navigation and Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

A. 1793.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Robert Myfne being examined, said. That he is an Engineer: That the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, between Saint German's Bridge and King's Lynn, id the said County, which River is the great Outfall for the Waters from the Middle and South Level of the Fens, the Country of Marshland, and divers other Lands, which drain to Sea thereby, through the Harbour of King's Lynn, is in a State very insufficient for the Purposes of a complete Drainage and safe Navigation, Occasioned, principally, by the Channel or Bed of the said River being too wide, and bending very considerably between the said Place celled

Saint German's Bridge and King's Lynn aforesaid, by reason whereof the Drainage of Barge Tracts of Land lying in the above-mentioned Parishes is greatly impeded, and the Trade and Navigation to and from the Port of Kings Lynn are materially injured. And being asked to state some instances to prove that the Navigation is not safe, or the Drainage complete? he said, The First Cause is, the Passage Way of the Water from the Land to the Sea is blocked up entirely by Sand Banks and Shallows: And that again, is a Second Instance, or Cause, arising from the tod great Width of the Channel: A Third Instance, or Cause, is, that the Channel goes round abQut instead of going straight forward; all which is better to be understood from the Map which represents the exact Relation and Size of the Port. — Being asked to state the Instances of the Unsafeness of the Navigation? he said, There are Two Causes in which it is dangerous to Navigation; the One, in the' going down with Gangs of Boats, and the Difficulty of passing the Line of Navigation during Ebb Tide: The other Instance of Danger is, in going up the River, when there is any thing of a Fresh of Wind, the Channel being so very wide, a Surge or Swell of the Water is raised by that Means; and if the Boats are deep loaded they are apt to sink, by the Water getting over the Gunwale. — Being asked. Whether they employ Pilots between Lynn and German's Bridge? he said. The Instances of Danger and Difficulty which he has stated is the Cause that a certain ClasS of Men are employed for no other Purpose than as Pilots from Lynn to German's Bridge, and are not employed higher up or lower d,own. — Being asked, If Pilots will be required in the new Cut? he said, He should apprehend not at all, because it is to be made of a Breadth or Width proportionably with the River Ouze, immediately above it. — Being asked, Whether he knows any Instance by which he is led to think that the Navigation is unsafe ? he said, He cannot, from his own personal Knowledge, state any Instance, because he did not live there himself, and there are other Witnesses who may answer that Question; but viewing and examining the present State of the River at Low Water, and comparing that with other Rivers, he has no Doubt but that it must, in the Nature of Things, be highly productive of Danger and Difficulty to Navigation. — Being asked, Whether any other Part of the River between German's Bridge and Denver Sluice is in a bad State for the Purpose of Drainage or Navigation? he said, The Whole of it is in a very bad State, but that is caused by the Impediments the River Ouze meets with in the District below, from Eau Brink to take

away these Impediments, and there will be very little Trouble to cleanse out the Whole of that District; from Denver Sluice to Eau Brink: There are some other Difficulties of a small Nature at all the Bridges cross the Ouze, between Denver Sluice and Eau Brink: There are more or less Obstructions in the Water Way under the Bridges: There are some Points of; Land to be rounded off and there are some Shoals below those Points of Land which require to be removed, and which may be easily so done, when the Velocity of the Current is increased. —

Being

393

Being asked, Whether he has any Reason to think the Navigation is in a worse State now than it ever was before? he said, I think so, and it is the general Opinion of the Country. — Being asked, By what Means he collects that general Opinion ? he said, By the satpe Means which every Man takes to collect Facts, and state the Opinion of others; by Inspection of Maps, Drawings, Paintings, Soundings, and the voluminous Treatises which have been published on the Subject for 200 Years past — Being asked, Whether he believes the Navigation to be better or worse than it was between 20 and 30 Years ago? he said, I think it has been gradually growing worse for a long Succession of Time, and that Increase seems to have a Relation to the Increase of the Width between Eau Brink, and the Width of the River as far as The Crutch, below Lynn: I was at Lynn about 30 or 32 Years ago, and viewing the then State of the River, and of the Harbour, as a Matter of Curiosity in my Profession, and comparing, as far as J can recollect, the then State of the Navigation with that of my own View in 1791 or 1792,1 think I can safely say, from my own Knowledge, it has grown worse; and I think that I can rest my Opinion, truly, upon this Point, although what I have said upon the Subject may be called, by some Persons, ex parte Opinions. — Being asked, Whether he collected the Opinion of the Country relative to the State of the Navigation from Persons conversant in, and used to, navigating that River and Channel? he said, Some Part of it was collected from Persons who get their Bread, by navigating upon the Channel. — Being asked, Whether the Sill of Denver Sluice is not higher than the natural Bed of the River above and below the Sluice ? he said, The Sill of the Floodgates of Denver Sluice, opening downwards, is as low as the Bed of the River above it, and much lower than the Bed of the River Three, Four, or Five Miles above it. — Being asked. If he means the original Bed, or the Bed as it is now silted up ? he said, lie does not admit the Fact that it is silted up; the most egregious Falsehoods have been published on that Head, arising from the Parties who published them not ascertaining Low Water Mark at the Sea by some fixed Object that was not to be altered; One Instance of which is, that the Denver Sluice of the present Day is not the Denver Sluice that is represented in s Representation.

— Being asked, What was that represented in s

Representation, and when? he said, By the Inspection of Badslade's Book it will appear. — Being asked,

Whether he means that the present Denver Sluice is not in the same Situation as that represented by Badslade? he said, It is in the same Situation. — Being asked, Whether it is not the same as the old Sluice was? he said, No; it is almost the same in point of Figure, but it is not so in point of Level, compared with the Sides and Lands: More than that, it is a Representation of a Sluice and Bridge, which could not have been passable if it had been made so. — Being asked, If the Sill of this Sluice is higher or lower than the old one? he said, as he has said, That his Representation is false, he thinks the Level of the present Sill has always been the same compared with the Lands adjoining, but not compared with the Tide, for Low Water is considerably higher now than it was formerly, and that for the Reasons he had already given. — The Question being repeated to the Witness, he said, He means to say directly, that it is neither higher or lower. — Being asked, What is the Width jof the Water Way at Denver Sluice? he produced to your Committee a Plan and Section, whereby it appeared, that the Three Arches of Denver Sluice appropriated for draining, amounts to 1,005 Feet and 9 Inches superficial for the Section of the Water Way.

Mr. Henry Haines being then examined, said, That he knows the Channel from Lynn to Saint German's Bridge, having navigated it several Times, and lie Von. 48.

believes it is a very dangerous Navigation. — Being Eau Brink asked. Whether he has known of any Boats being lost and King'* by the Badness of the Navigation ? he said, Yes, both ^"pJtition coming to and going from Lynn; he has seen it several age e 1 lon* Times — The Navigation is so wide that he has been detained several Days waiting for still Weather, and more than Once or Twice has been obliged to turn back — that Pilots are very necessary, and they are now obliged by Act of Parliament to have them. The Boats that go up the Country may not return, perhaps, in a Month, during which the Channel , is frequently altered, which makes Pilots necessary, who, by going backwards and forwards every Day, are acquainted with it — the Expence of the Pilots and of additional Assistance is very heavy, besides Delay — it is worth One per Cent. Insurance. ..He has known Scores of Boats sunk. — Being asked, if he ever knew of any Boats lost above German's Bridge? he said, He had heard there have been some sunk, but never saw them — it is very seldom it does happen. — Between Lynn and German's Bridge he attributes the loss of the Boats to the Winds and Waves, which is owing to the Width of the Channel — he has not navigated the Channel these Ten Years — he is sure that the Channel is worse now than formerly, except that he navigated it last November or December Twelvemonth for the Purpose of inspecting it.

Mr. George Maxwell being then examined, said,

That the Drainage of the Tracts of Land mentioned in the Petition is greatly impeded by the State of the Ouze, between Saint German's Bridge and the Town of King's Lynn; and the Trade to and from the inland Parts and Lynn is prejudiced by the Defects and Impediments in the River between German's Bridge and Lynn — that a very large Tract of Country that formerly traded with Lynn is now generally cut off from any . Communication with the Port of , owing to the present State of the Navigation between Germans Bridge and Lynn — the Parts of the Country he means is from Whittlesea, Peterborough, and Northampton — the.

Trade of the Country is impeded by the bad State of the River Nene; and the bad State of the River Nene is occasioned by the bad State of the River Ouze between Eau Brink and Lynn — he does not think that any other Means exists of improving that Navigation except the Means proposed by making the Cut in the Petition, and he is confident, as he can be of any Thing, that it will be of Benefit to the Drainage of the Lands, and that it would tend to promote the Commerce of King's Lynn, and upwards. — Being asked, Whether he has formed any Opinion respecting the Means by which the Expences of executing the necessary Works might be provided for? he said, Yes, by referring to the Estimate, Four Pence per Acre upon the Lands, and Four Pence per Ton upon the Goods, for Ten Years, will raise more Money than the Estimate amounts to.

— Being asked, What Quantity of Land he has made the Calculation upon ? he said, He made it upon the South Level of the Fens 120,000 Acres, Middle Level of the Fens 143,000 Acres, Marshland 40,000 Acres, Bardolph and Dawham 7,000 Acres, Lands bordered on the Fens and on the East Side of the Ouze 10,000, making together 320,000 Acres. His Calculation of the Means to provide for the Expences is made upon the Tonnage as well as upon the Lands:

He has also made some Calculation of what would be produced by a Tonnage; upon Information as to the Amount of the Tonnage, which has been given me by Mr. Creasy, Three Pence per Ton on all Goods navigated through the new Cut, except only those that are meant to be excepted, will produce 1,428/. 3s. and that, added to a Tax of Four Pence per Acre on the Land, will produce an Annual Income of 6,765/. jo,j. and a Fraction; and that, for Ten Years, is worth, reckoning Interest at 5/. per Cent. 52,297/. 6 s. —

Being asked, How many Acres will be deducted for

5 H those

Eau Brink and King's Praia £jge Petition.

394 13° Martii A. 1793.

those Particulars intended to be left out ? he said, None at all. — Being asked, Upon what Number of Towns he made his Calculation? he said, He could not speak to that. — Being asked, Upon what he

made that Calculation? he said, Upon the Paper delivered to him by Mr. Creasy, which contains the Haling, Dues for the Year 1792, amounting to 1,428/. 2 s. 10£</.' — Being asked. Whether he does

not know that the Corporation of Bedford Level can. keep what Quantity of Water in the River Nene they please ? he said, He knows they have a Power of taking in Water into the River Nene, and that they do, at some Times, exercise that Power. — Being asked, Whether he has not the Total Power over the Regulation of the Sluices? he said, He believes they have over Standground Sluice and Salter's Load. — Being asked, In what State are the Banks of the River Nene ? he said, They are, in general, as good as can possibly be made. — Being asked, If they are not now broken down ? he said. There is a Breach in One of them. — Being asked, If he does not know that the Corporation of the Bedford Level are obliged by Act of Parliament to keep up the Drainage of the Country, and to keep the Rivers in a proper State for Drainage, so as not to be injurious to Navigation ? he said, The Banks he has been giving Evidence about are, in general, taken out of the Hands of the Corporation, by particular Acts of Parliament, obtained from Time to Time, for throwing the Country into Districts, in order to enable it to attempt to drain by the artificial Means of Water Engines; and those Engines have been obliged to be increased from Time to Time in point of Size and Strength, inso much, that they throw against a Head of Water in the internal Rivers of not less than about Five Feet on an Average; and those Waters, instead of going to the Outfall through the River Ouze, are overridden by the Waters of the Ouze, and the Consequence is, that the Waters thrown from the Engines are found to recoil the contrary Way, and being always impregnated with the Soil of the Fens, that Soil is deposited in the Beds of the internal Rivers, which are, generally speaking, considerably higher than the Surface of the adjacent Lands; and no Act of Drainage, except that of improving the Outfall of the Ouze (which Outfall, he has before given an Opinion, can only be improved by the intended new Cut) or can be carried into Effect either by the Corporation, or by any other Person, so as to enable them to form any better Banks to resist the Waters in those internal Rivers — And the Witness added, That, so far as he understands, the Bank which has lately given way, is not a Corporation Bank, but a District Bank.

Mr. William Creasy being then examined, was shewn the Paper produced by Mr. Maxwell, and said. That that Paper contains an Account of the Tolls of Three Pence per Ton on all Goods navigated for Twelve Months, ending with December last, going into and coining from Lynn, amounting to 1,428/. 2 10 £</.

which Paper he received from Mr. William Forster of Lynn, the Officer appointed to collect the Haling Dues under the Act of Parliament: And the Witness said, That the Name Wm Forster, thereto set, is his Hand Writing.

Mr. Robert Mylne being then further examined, said, That in consequence of his Survey of the River, he assisted in making the Plan annexed to the Petition, and is of Opinion that the Cut, as laid down in that Plan, is very easy of Execution, and that it is a Design not merely laid down upon Paper; but being in the Company of Two or more Engineers upon this District, we laid there the Design, such as it is represented in the Map, and upon a full Consideration of all the Matters that occurred to our Minds. — Being asked. What are the other Works stated in the Petition, and where are they to be made ? he said. The

mere making of this Cut, and toe digging it out, will not answer the End alone; the present Bed of the old River must be banked out by a Dam made across the Mouth of it, to prevent the Waters of toe River going that Way, after a new Bed is provided for k; Two new Cuts must he made in the District named Marshland, One to empty a Quantity of the Waters into the River Ouze, further up than the present Exk of Knight's G00U, and the other to empty another Part

of the Marshland Waters, below the lower End of the new Cut, which, at present, empty their Waters at Cleackwartm Goole; of other Works I have stated the Particulars on that District, which extends from Eau Brink to Denver Sluice: Another Work to be done, in Addition to these, is to run a Bank across the lower End of the old River, and form a Sea Wall or Bank to preserve the Quantity of Land which is now occupied by the extreme Breadth of the Ouze, and which will be silted up in a very short Number of Years; toe Position of this last Bank which he has mentioned, is proposed to be set down in such a Direction, as to be a great Improvement of the Navigation to the Port of Lynn, and a Protection to the Sea Wall or Bank of that Psut of Marshland opposite to the Town and Harbour of Lynn. — Being asked, Whether, in the Description he has given, he includes all the Works that are to be made for this Purpose ? he said, With respect to the Remainder of the Works, he begs Leave to refer to the Estimate which details them; as to the Works for the Improvement of the Navigation, he begs Leave to refer to the Estimate; whatever Title is given to the Estimate* it i3 certainly for the Improvement of the Navigation, as well as the Preservation of it. — Being asked, Whether any Works are necessary to be erected for the Protection of the Navigation of toe Mildenhall River, or River Lark? he said, The Particulars of this Estimate are collected and formed by Two Engineers, resident in the Country, and are particularly conversant in the several Branches of Drainage into the River; and, so far as he had Occasion to consider their Labours, he gave them his hearty Approbation: The Question being repeated to the Witness; he said, He expected from this Undertaking, if it is performed, that the Water of the River Ouze, above Denver Sluice, will be considerably lowered, especially in Time of Flood, to the Advantage of the Country in point of Drainage; and if, by doing so, any of the Navigable Branches, such as the Mildenhall, should have the Waters in them lowered to a Level, that would make them less capable of Navigation than they are at present, then his Proposition is to place a small Lock at the Mouth of such Navigable Branch, to maintain the Waters up to their usual and present Level, and in such a Manner as to be consistent with the Drains age of the Lands above it. — Being asked, If he thinks a Lock of this Kind would be a sufficient Security to the Proprietors of the River ? he said, Undoubtedly; and he thinks it would be an Improvement upon it, because that Length of it, which extends from tbs Tail of the lowest Lock upon it to the River Out*, is liable to all the Fluctuations of the Ouze itself; the same Observation will apply to all such Cases as the Mildenhall River. — Being asked, whether he conceives the Brandon Rimer to be One of those Cases ? he said. He does not apprehend that any such. Thing is necessary at the Mouth of the Brandon River, because there is a good Depth of Water for a considerable Way up that River, and that toe Waters will bear lowering, for the Benefit of Drainage, without injuring the Navigation. — Being asked to explain what are the Works necessary to be done to preserve the Drainage of that Part of Swaffham and Bottisham District, lying above Swaffham Road, and lip by the Hat'd Lands of Clay Hithe? he said, There is a particular Article in the Estimate to that Head, to wit, a Pound Lock to

- ' be

33 Geo. III. 130 Martii. 395

be erected upon die C or Grant, to maintain the Water up to such a Level, as that Boats shall enter Claykiihe Sluice at ail Times, which they cannot do at present; which Article amounts to 1,500l.; another Article, of 500l., leads pointedly to the Question that is asked.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of die Fens called Bedford Level, die Low Lands near to, or adjoining, the said Levels, and also the Lands adjoining, or near, the River Ouse, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Marys, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn;

And the previous Question being proposed, That that Question be now put;

The House was moved, That the Standing Order of the House, of the 7th Day of June 179a, relative to Bilk for making or improving the Navigation of any River, which directs that the Notices therein mentioned shall be given in every County in which such River, or such Part* thereof as is intended to be made Navigable, or the Navigation thereof to be improved, is situated, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The Honse divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } »

(Sir Martin Browne 1

! 19.

Mr. Walpole: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levek, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Lend, the Low Lands near to, or adjoining, the said Levels, and also the Lands adjoining, or near, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's lytm, hi the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynji: And that Sir John Wodehouse, Mr. Charles Yorke, and Sir Charles gem, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Petition A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

jgainst the Coventry Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, rrent and*0" an(* rea^> Setting forth. That an Act, passed in the Fradley Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Heath Canal intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Sill. " Navigable Canal from the City of to cotn-

" munieate upon Fradley Heath, in the County of " Stafford, with: a. Canal now making between the " Rivers Trent and M and, so long ago as the Year 1772, the Whole of the Money subscribed for making- the said Canal, being 50*000 was expended, and the Petitioners have since that Time, in pursuance of the Powers vested in them by a subsequent Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of " the Coventry Canal Navigation to complete the said " Canal to Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford,

" and for other Purposes therein, mentioned," borrowed the further Sum of 40.000l., to enable them Vol. 48.

to complete the said- Undertaking, which last mentioned Sum of Money has been actually expended thereon, and the said Canal was completed in July 1790; and that the Public have long been, and now are, in Possession of very great Advantages by Means of the said Canal, though the Proprietors have not, since the said 50,000l. hath been expended, being upwards of Twenty Years, received more than 3 /. per Centum per Annum upon the Average thereon; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to form a Junction with the Canal of the Petitioners upon Fradley Heath, in the said County, near the Place where the Coventry Canal forms a Junction with the Canal from the Trent to the Mersey upon a Level Surface of Water; and that the whole Course of the said intended Canal is in an exact parallel Direction with the Canal from the Trent to the Mersey, and very near thereto, being, as the Petitioners are informed, in many Places, not more than Three or Four hundred Yards Distance from the same, and that, as the Petitioners apprehend, the Water for the Supply of the said proposed Canal, and its numerous Locks, down from Fradley Heath to Burton, must wholly, or in a great Part, be taken out of the Canal of the Petitioners, and the said Trent and Mersey Canal, and the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal uniting the rewith, which in dry Seasons is barely sufficient! for the Purposes of Navigation, the extensive Commerce carried on by the said Canals will, in all Probability, be much impeded, if not altogether, at different Times, wholly obstructed; and that, as the Canals already made are abundantly adequate for all the Purposes of Trade and Commerce within their respective Districts, the Canal now proposed appears to the Petitioners wholly unnecessary, and if it takes Effect, will furnish a Precedent dangerous to the Petitioners, and to the Property of every Person who has embarked in the Works of inland Navigation, on the Authority of Parliament, without affording the Prospect of any additional public Benefit: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, . by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, if they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the River Trent Navigation, at, or near, the Town of Burton upon Trent, and the Coventry Canal at Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of Frederick Augustus Earl of Petition from

was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, °^o[

That a Bill is depending in the House, for making varying the a Navigable Caned from the Oxford Canal Naviga- Line of the tion at Braunston, in the County of Northanpton, to Braunston join the River Thames at New Brentford, in the *"rd County of Middlesex, and also for making and main-

taining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, which Canal, in its Course, as originally proposed, would be highly injurious to the Petitioner, for the Reasons set forth in his Petition presented to the House on the 11th Day of February last; and that, since the above-mentioned Petition has been presented, the Projectors of the said intended Canal have caused a' new Survey to be taken, from which it appears, that the Line might be varied by carrying it in a much shorter Direction from the

Orchard.

396 13° Martii. A. 1793

Orchard belonging to Fysk Esquire, and in

the Occupation of Joseph Allen, adjoining to the public Highway in the Parish of Hillingdon, in the said County of Middlesex, to a Brook called Bull Bridge

Brook, in the Parish of Hayes, in the said County of Middlesex: and that, if such Variation was made, the Petitioner would be effectually relieved from the Injury complained of in his former Petition, and the said Canal be rendered more commodious, by shortening the Course of it near Half a Mile, and be equally beneficial to the Public in all other Respects: And therefore praying, That such Provision may be made in the said Bill for making the proposed Variation in the Line of the said intended Canal as to the House shall seem most proper.

Ordered, that the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Captain Berkeley, Mr. Caze-thome, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Milton Moor An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, ^assed*11^ Bl11 a certa,n Moor or Common within the Manor of Milton, in the Parish of Kewstoke, in the County of Somerset, wa6 read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Moor or Common within the Manor of Milton, in the Parish of Kewstoke, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Coxe do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition from the Inhabitants of Coventry to suspend the Ashby de la Zouch Canal Bill.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for making a Navigable Caual from certain Coal Mines at, and in the Neighbourhood of, Ashby Woulds, in the County of Leicester, to join the

C&oentry Canal at Griff, in the Parish of Chilvers Coion, in the County of Warwick', and that the Petitioners are informed, that the Distance by Land between the said Collieries and Coventry is about Twenty-four Miles, and, by the Course of the said intended Canal to Griff, and from thence to Coventry by the Coventry Canal, will be a circuitous Course of near Forty Miles; and that the Petitioners are informed, that it is practicable to make a Canal from the said Collieries at Ashby Woulds aforesaid, to join the Coventry Canal at, or near, Grendon, in the said County of Warwick, within the Distance of Eleven Miles, or thereabouts, and that the Distance by the Coventry Canal from Grendon to Coventry is only Nineteen Miles, making in all only Thirty Miles; and that, by making the Communication at Grendon instead of Griff, the Promoters of the said Canal will have the same Advantages of a Communication with the Coventry and Oxford Canals, as if the same was to be made at Griff, and the Distance will be about Ten

Miles shorter between the said Collieries, the Oxford Canal, and the City of Coventry, than by the Line to Griff, and thereby about Twenty Miles of cutting will be saved, and consequently near One Hundred and Fifty Acres of Land will be preserved; and that the Petitioners are also informed, that, if the said Canal to Griff is suspended for the present Session, it is intended to propose the said Line of Canal from Ashby Woulds to Grendon, in the next Session of Parliament; and the Petitioners submit to the House, that the shortest Line of Canal, and such as will be the Means of furnishing Coals to the City of Coventry, and upon

the Line of the Oxford Canal, upon the most reasonable Terms, should be preferred: And therefore praying, That the said Bill for making the said Canal from Ashby Woulds aforesaid, to Griff, may not pass in the present Session, in Order that an Opportunity may be given to propose, in a future Session, such Scheme as may embrace the greatest Advantages to the Petitioners and the Public.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to join and communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Griff, in the Lordship of Chilvers Coton, in the County of Warwick, and also certain Cuts or Branches from the said intended Canal, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal Navigation was referred: That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied.with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal " from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of

" land, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of " Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the " said intended Canal, at or near to or near

" Warton Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch " from or near Galemoss, by to or near Dux-

" bury, in the said County Palatine of was

read: And, '

Mr. Jackson Mason being examined, said, That the said Act is in many Respects defective, and will require to be amended, and rendered more effectual: — Then,

Mr. John Rennie, Engineer, being examined, said, That from a Survey he has taken, it is practicable to make a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near Galgate, in the Township of Ellel, to communicate with the River Loyne, otherwise Lune, at a Place called Glasson Dock, within the Port of Lancaster', and that the making such Navigable Branch will be of Convenience to the Petitioners, and of Public Utility.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby,

" in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended Canal, at. or " near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg, and also " another Navigable Branch from, at, or near Galemoss, " by Chorley, to or near Duxbwy, in the said County " Palatine of Lancaster," and also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near Galgate, to Glasson Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster;

And the previous Question being proposed, That that Question be now put;

The House was moved, That the Standing Orders of the House, of the 7th Day of June 1792, which direct that, when any Petition respecting a Navigation is presented to this House, an Estimate of the Expence of such Undertaking shall be annexed to the

Petition,

Petition to amend Kirkby Kendal Canal Act reported.

Pontefract Election determined.

Poole Election determined.

13° Martii.

397

Petition, and that, if the Money is proposed to be raised by Subscription, there shall be also annexed to such Petition an Account of the Money subscribed for that Purpose, and the Names of the Subscribers, with the Sums by them subscribed respectively; and also, that in any Bill presented to the House, for that Purpose, Provision be made for compelling the Subscribers to make Payment of the Sums subscribed, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Motion for the previous Question was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby,

" in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable. Branch from the said intended Canal, at or " near Borwick, to or near War ton Cragg, and also.

" another Navigable Branch from, at, or near, Galemoss, by Chorley, to or near in the said

" County Palatine of Lancasterand also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near Galgate, to Glasson Dock, in the said County Pa-. latine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackbume, and Mr. Dent, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Petition of the Gentleman, Clergy, and Inhabit- Petition from ants of the City of Durham, and its Neighbourhood, ior

was presented to the House, and read; Praying for t°hg ^ve the immediate and complete Abolition of the Slave Trade. Trade.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do report the Matter thereof, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Alderman Curtis,\

Sir LewesJ 35*

Mr. Bose,

Motion for referring Petition from London respecting the Duty on Coals to a Committee.

Neg.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes. Hoiar,. } 77-

So it passed in the Negative.

The Lord Muncaster, from the Select Committee, The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Ludgershall who were appointed to try and determine the Merits the nth Day of February last, for taking into Consi-of the Petition of John Walsh, Esquire, complaining deration, Tomorrow, the Petition of Nathaniel Newn- fen^a.* of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of ham, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Pontefract, in the County of York, informed the Return for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County House, That the said Select Committee have deter- of Wilts, might be read, mined, - And the said Order being read accordingly;

That John Smyth, Esquire, is duly elected a Bur- Ordered, That the said Order be discharged,

gess to serve in- this present Parliament for the Bo- Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consi-

sough of Pontefract, in the County of York. deration upon Tuesday next, at a Quarter of an Hour

And also, That the said Select Committee have de- before Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, termined, Memorandum:

That the Petition of the said John Walsh, Esquire, Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Or-did not appear to the said Select Committee to be fri- ders for their Attendance accordingly,

volous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have de- Mr. Speaker, according to Order, reported to the Defaulters termined, _ House, the Names of the Members who did not ap- 1?anie8,on

That the Opposition of the said John Smyth, Esquire, pear Yesterday, when their Names were called, on the reported?18 to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Appointment of the Select Committee for trying and Committee to be frivolous or vexatious. determining the Merits of the several Petitions, com-

And the said Determinations were ordered to be en- plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Bo* tered in the Journals of this House. rough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts.

And the Names of the said Members were read, by Mr. Francis Annesley, from the Select Committee, Mr. Speaker, to the House; and the Names of those who were appointed to try and determine the Merits Members who had been before excused, were set aside, of the Petition of the Honourable Basil William Dou- And the Name of the Honourable Andrew Cochrane glas, commonly called Lord Daer, One of the Candi- being read;

dates at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in Par- . Mr. Cochrane was heard in his Place, liament for the Borough and County of the Town of And then he withdrew.

Poole, complaining of an undue Election and Return Ordered, That the Honourable Andreio Cochrane be Mr. Coch-for the said Borough, informed the House, That the excused for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of rane excused, said Select Committee have determined, the said Select Committee.

That Benjamin Lester, Esquire, is duly elected a Bur- The Name of Sir George Beaumont, Baronet, being gess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough read;

and County of the Town of Poole: The House was informed that Sir George Beaumont

And also, That the said Select Committee have de- was confined by Illness, termined, ' Ordered, That Sir George Beaumont, Baronet, be Sir George

That the Petition of the said Honourable Basil Wil- excused for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of Beaumout liam Douglas, commonly called lord Daer, did not the said Select Committee. excused,

appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or The Name of Paul Orchard, Esquire, being read; vexatious: : Ordered, That Paul Orchard, Esquire, be excused Mr. Orchard

And also, That the said Select Committee have de- for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of the said excuse<1, termined, Select Committee, on account of the Death of a near

That the Opposition of the said Benjamin Lester, Es- Relation, quire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said The Name of William Porwlett Powlett, Esquire,

Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious. being read;

Vol. 48. 51 Mr.

Mr. Towlctt excused.

tarl of Carbarn p ton ordered into Custody.

Earl of Burford excused.

Mr. Lee Antonie ordered into Custody.

Mr.Grenville

excused.

Mr. Grieve excused.

Air. Harcourt ordered into Custody.

13" Martii. ' A. 1793.

Mr. Pawletl was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That William Pm Pozvlelt, Esquire, be excused for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of the said Select Committee.

The Name of the Right honourable the Earl of Car-hampton being read;

The Earl of Carhampton was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Right honourable the Earl of Carhampton be excused for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of the said Select Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Right honourable the Earl of Carhampton be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Speaker also reported to the House, the Names of the Members who did not appear Yesterday, when their Names were called, on the Appointment of the Select Committee for trying and determining the Merits of the Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough and County of the Town of Poole.

And the Names of the said Members were read, by Mr. Speaker to the House; and the Names of those Members who had been before excused, were set aside.

And the Name of the Right honourable the Earl of Burford being read;

Ordered, That the Right honourable the Earl of Burford be excused for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of the said Select Committee, on account of the Death of a near Relation.

The Name of William Lee Antonie, Esquire, being read;

Mr. Lee Antonie was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

And his Excuse not being allowed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That William Lee Antonie, Esquire, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. } 44‘

Tellers for the Noes, } *7*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Name of the Right honourable James Grenville being read;

The House was informed that Mr. Grenville was confined by Illness, which disabled him from attending the House.

Ordered, That the Right Honourable James Grenville be excused for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of the said Select Committee.

The Name of William Grieve, Esquire, being read;

The House was informed that Mr. Grieve was unable, from Illness, to attend his Duty in the House.

Ordered, That William Grieve, Esquire, be excused for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of the said Select Committee.

The Name of John Harcourt, Esquire, being read;

Mr. Harcourt was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

And his Excuse not being allowed;

Ordered, That John Harcourt, Esquire, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Speaker likewise reported to the House, the Names of the Members who did not appear Yesterday, when their Names were called, on the Appointment of the Select Committee for trying and deter-12

mining the Merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York.

And the Names of the said Members were read by Mr. Speaker to the House; and the Names of those Members who had been before excused, were set aside.

And the Name of Nathaniel Smith, Esquire, being read;

The House was informed that Mr. Smith was ill, and that it was very unsafe for him to go from Home at present.

Ordered, That Nathaniel Smith, Esquire, be excused Mr. Smith for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of the said excused. Select Committee.

The Name of Wilson Braddyl Esquire, being read;

The House was informed that Mr. Braddyll was ill, and that it was very unsafe for him to 50 from his House.

Ordered, That Wilson Braddyll, Esquire, be excused Mr. Braddyll for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of the said excused. Select Committee.

The Name of Sir Henry Martin, Baronet, being read;

The House was informed that Sir Henry Martin >vas confined to his House by Illness.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Martin, Baronet, be ex- sir Henry cused for his Non-attendance on the Appointment of Martin ex-the said Select Committee. cused.

The Name of the Right honourable Lord George Cavendish being read;

Ordered, That the Right honourable Lord George Lord Geo. Cavendish be excused for his Non-attendance on the Cavendish Appointment of the said Select Committee, on account excustd' of the Death of a near Relation.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to St«wart* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 1

upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Alexander Steioart, Esquire, with Elizabeth Leigh, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply deresolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ferred. to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma-

jesg

lesolved. That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Serjeant at Arms attending this House informed Serjeant Las the House, that he had, pursuant to their Orders of take" Mwn* this Day, taken into his Custody the Right honourable Custod*0 the Earl of Carhampton, William Lee Antonie, Esquire, y' and John Harcourt, Esquire.

Ordered, That the Right honourable the Earl of Earl of Car-Carhampton, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms at- hampton to tending this House for neglecting to attend his d.,s". Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Cus- ' tody, at the Rising of the House this Day, paying his Fees,

Ordered, That William Lee Antonie, Esquire, in Cus- Mr. Lee An-tody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House for t0llie to neglecting to attend his Service in Parliament, be dis- <1,schar8eUi charged out of Custody, at the Rising of the House this Day, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That John Harcourt, Esquire, in Custody Mr. Harcourt of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House for neglect- be d's‘ ing to attend his Service in Parliament, be discharged c mree out of Custody, at the Rising of the House this Day, paying his Fees.

Ordered,

Committee on Bank Forgeries Bill.

Indemnity Bill passed.

Petition against Burton upon Trent and Fradley Heath Canal Bill.

13° Martii.

399

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds in the Transfers of- the several Funds transfer-rable at the Bank of England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have Omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members, and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several Owners of Lands between Burton upon Trent and Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, through which a Navigable Canal is intended to be carried, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed Application is intended to be made to Parliament, for an Act to make a Navigable Canal from Burton upon to the Coventry Canal on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, through the Lands of the Petitioners; and that such Canal, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, is no ways necessary for any Public Purposes, there being already a Communication by means of a Canal Navigation

Vol. 48.

between the above Places, in a parallel Direction, and very near, to the Line or Course of that now proposed, but such Canal will, if executed, be a wanton Destruction of many Acres of valuable Laud, and highly injurious to the Petitioners and others whose Estates are to be intersected by this needless Project: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill for making such Canal, if the same should be brought into the House.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by virtue of various Acts passed in the present Reign, the Petitioners have made and completed a Navigable Canal from the River Trent at, or near, in

the County of Derby, through the Counties of Stafford and Chester, to the River Mersey at Runcorn, in the said County of Chester, and that from the said Canal, at a Place called Fradley Heath, near to the City of Litchfield, other Canals have been extended to Coventry, Oxford, Birmingham, and many other Towns and Places; and that the Canal of the Petitioners was near Twenty Yearn in completing, and in the execution was attended with great Risque, Hazard, and Difficulty, and the Benefits it has afforded, and now daily affords to Trade and Commerce, the Petitioners submit, render it an Object of Public Concern; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making to the House, for a Bill to make a Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the said Place called Fradley Heath, there to be cut into the Coventry Canal, near its Junction with the Canal of the Petitioners, and that the said proposed Canal is to be formed in a parallel Course with the Canal of the Petitioners, the Whole of its Length being about Ten Miles, and in many Places not more than Five hundred Yards distant from its Banks; and that, as the River Trent, at Burton aforesaid, is near Seventy Feet lower than the Canal of the Petitioners, and the said Coventry Canal at Fradley Heath aforesaid, Water for the Supply of the said proposed Canal and its numerous Locks must, as the Petitioners apprehend, be wholly, or in a great Measure, drawn and taken out of the Canal of the Petitioners, and the said Coventry Canal, the extensive Communications effected by the said Canals must necessarily be impeded, and may eventually be entirely obstructed; and that, as the Canals already made are abundantly sufficient for all the Purposes of Trade and Commerce, the Canal now proposed is, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, wholly unnecessary, and under all its Circumstances wholly unprecedented, and will, if it takes Effect, be highly injurious to the Petitioners, and to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

A Petition of Arthur Lord Baron of

Fishenvick, in the County of Stafford (Marquis of Donegal!, in Ireland) was likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Bill has been brought into the House, for making a Navigable Canal from Burton upon Trent, to join the Coventry Canal on Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford, for the Supply of which the Petitioner is informed Water is intended to be diverted and taken out of the Brooks or Streams which now run near to the Mansion House of the Petitioner, called Fisherwick Park, in the said County, some of which flow into the Pools and Reservoirs from which the said Mansion House, and the several Offices thereunto belonging, afre supplied with Water; and that, should any Part of such Waters be turned out of their present Course, it will be productive of real Injury to the Petitioner, and the said Bill, if it passes* will be injurious to many other Persons as well as the Petitioner, without affording any material Benefits to the Public, there being already Communications by

Water

Petition against Bur« ton upon Trent and Fradley Heath Canal Bill.

Petition from the Marquis of Donegal! against D® Bill.

400 13* — ] 4® Marin. A. 1793.

Water through the same Line of Country, and in similar Directions to that now proposed, which are sufficient for all the Purposes of Trade and Commerce: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the River Tr Navigation, at, or near, the Town of Burton upon and the Coventry Canal at , in the County of Stafford, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counr sel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from Imports and the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of and fromllUO Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; Maidou pre- and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to seuted. their Order,

An Account of all Imports and Exports into and from the Port of Maldon, in the County of Essex, from the 1st Day of January 1789 to the 31st Day of December 1792, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Jei"* d*er" nexh res°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Ciock.

Joxns, 14* dMartii

Anno 33* Georgii III,tt Regis, 1793.

found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

An ingrossed Bill for the better ordering and regu- Bill for tetter lating the Manner of feeding, using, cultivating, and regulating enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds ly-ing in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of chat"eri*m Cambridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain passed. Parts of the said Grounds to fence the same, and for holding in Severalty for ever certain Parts or Lots, being Part of the said Grounds, called The Acre Fen and Little Ferry Burrows, in the said Parish of Chatteris, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds lying in Chatteris, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the same, and for holding in Severalty for ever certain Parts or Lots, being Part of the said Grounds, called The Acre Fen and Little Ferry Burrows, in the said Parish of Chatteris.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Bank Build-whom the Bill to'enable the Governor and Company ings Billr*. of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Pwte<1, Ground contiguous to the Bank of England, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

' and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

si

kf j&

4tf

lfci

0

Coni

0'-

shill

A

so

E

til

fiUl

: U

&H

(oin

Ij

Life

Etii

hi

oil

Coa

and

ki of '

k

Co

(oi

mil

Ar

mei

T«

fu!

in:

ft

t*

p ' A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are pet-ltion for

reaters. thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in additional

West Harp* Ti /TR. Hippesley Coxe presented to the House, accord- execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year Provision to try, Etnbo- IVA ing to Order, a Bill for making, amending, di- of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Road^ Bill verling> and widening the Roads, leading from West Third, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made presented. Harptry, to the Bath and Wells Turnpike Road, at " in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King Bill.

: Emborow, and from West Harptry to the Bath Turn- " George the Second, for repairing and widening pike Road at Marksbury, and from West Harptry to " certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of

Fore Cross, in the Parish of Churchill, and from West " Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to cer-Harplryto the Blue Bold Inn, in Compton Martin, and " tain Places, called The Broad Oak in and from Berrington to the Town of Wrington, and from " Slocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

The Nine Elms, at North Widcombe, to Coley in the " for making more effectual Provision for repairing County of Somerset: And the same was received; and " and widening the said Roads, and also, for making,

read the First Time. " altering, and widening, the Road from a Place

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. " called Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge,

" and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson

Cambridge General Adeane reported from the Committee, to " Lane End, and also, from Agecroft Bridge, over

and Royston whom the Bill for repairing the Roads from the Town " Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said County,*

Roads Bill of Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from the was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

reported. said Town of Cambridge to Royston, in the Counties of That a Bill is depending in the House, for enlarging

Cambridge and Essex, was committed; That the Com- the Term and Powers of the said Act, and the Peti-

mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and tioners conceive it would be the Means of facilitating

the

33 Geo. III.

14° Martii.

401

the execution of the intended Bill, if the Powers in the A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Cortimon-said former Act contained were repealed, and all the alty, of the Town or Borough of in the County

Pow ers requisite for duly amending, widening, and of , and of several Burgesses and other Inhabikeeping in Repair, the said Roads comprized in One tants of the said Town or Borough, whose Names are

Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Pro- thereunto subscribed: And also,

vision may be made in the said Bill now depending for A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Trades-the above-mentioned Purpose, in such Manner as to the men, and others, residing in the Town of Grantham, in House shall seem meet. the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the subscribed: And also,

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackbume, Mr. Thomas

Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Granby md Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Saitonlnclu- whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields^ Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the

sure hill reported.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, residing in the Town of in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Town or Borough of Shrewsbury, in the County* of Salop, whose Common Seal is thereunto affixed, and of the several Burgesses and other Inhabitants of the said Town or Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Potters, Tradesmen, and others, residing in the Town and Borough of Newcastle tinder Line, in the County of ..... " are

liberties of Granby and Sutton, in the Parish of Granby Stafford, and in the Neighbourhood, whose Names

and Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, was com- thereunto subscribed: And also,

mitted: That the Committee had examined, and found _ \ Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Mercha

mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of toj Oxgangs of Land, who refused his Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 921 Oxgangs and 16 Cottage Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in attheClerk'sTable: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Merchants,

Tradesmen, and others, residing in the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and in the Neighbourhood, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the River Trent Navigation, at, or near, the Town of Burton upon Trent, and the Coventry Canal at Fradtey Heath, in the County of Stafford: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the wadenboe Common and Open Fields, Meadow's, Commonable Inclosure Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of JVaden- Bill passed. hoe, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Mtions in favour of Shrewsbury iwl Ntther Pool Canal Bill

\\;t

U

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and t,.. . .„ . , Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of

Chester Canal Navigation: And also, Northampton

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the the City of Worcester, in Common Council convened; LordS) and desire their Concurrence.

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at or near Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Nether Pool, in the County of Chester, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal:

And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens, of the City of Worcester, whose Common Seal is there-

PttmoM in favour of

Tiarttod°a unto a^xe<^: And also,

Tradley __

Heath Canal Tradesmen, and others, residing in or near the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, residing in the Town and Borough of Tamxcorth, in the Counties of Warwick and

A Petition of Anne and Emma Ladies of petition from the Manors of Staunton, Flawborough, and Anne and

in the County of Nottingham, and of several other Emma Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Charlton greatly interested in the Waters of the River Devon, efrantham was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, Canal Bill. That the Petitioners, Anne and Emma Charlton, are seised in Fee of their Capital Mansion House at Staunton aforesaid, on the Side of the River Devon, and also of certain Gardens and Pleasure Grounds adjoining thereto, and of an ancient and accustomed Mill on the said River, which has been in their Possession, or in the Possession of their Ancestors, ever since the

Time of Edward the Confessor, and they are entirely A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, supplied with Water from, and have a Right of Fishery

in, the said River Devon, and the said Anne and Emma Charlton, and others, the Petitioners, are much interested in preserving the Waters of the said River, as a Fence to their several Inclosures, for watering their Cattle, and for divers other Purposes; and that the

Petitioners find there is a Bill now before the House, Stafford, and in the neighbouring Villages, whose for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, Names are thereunto subscribed: And also, or near the Town of Grantham, in tire County of Lin-

Vol. 4S. 5 K coin.

402 14° Martii. A. 1793.

coin, to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal at or near Cropwell Butler, to the Town of Bingham, both in the County of Nottingham, and if the same should pass into a Law, in its present Form, the Petitioners will lose all their Rights and Privileges in, and Advantages arising from, the said ancient Mill, and the said River Devon, by the Stoppage of the Course of the said River, for the Purposes of the said intended Canal: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, so as effectually to secure unto them all their respective Rights and Privileges, and Advantages arising from the said River Devon, and that they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the Committee on the said Bill, in Support of the Allegations of this Petition, or may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet

Petition from A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

the River River Trent Navigation, was also presented to the cation Com- House, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance pany against of an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Grantham Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Canal Bill. " for improving the Navigation of the River Trent,

" from a Place called Ferry, in the Counties

" of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gains-, " borough, in the County of Lincoln, and for impower-

" ing Persons navigating Vessels thereon to hale the " same with Horses," the Petitioners have expended very considerable Sums of Money in removing Obstructions, and in making the Navigation of the said River safe and convenient, and in making Haling Paths on the Side thereof; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, and a Collateral Cut to communicate therewith to the Town of Bingham, in the County of Nottingham; and that the Petitioners now receive a considerable Sum of Money, arising from the Tolls of the said Navigation of the River Trent, the Surplus whereof has, from Time to Time, been expended in improving the Navigation of the said River, which has been greatly improved thereby, and that, if the said Bill shall pass into a Law, the Tolls arising from the Navigation of the River Trent will be greatly reduced, as great Quantities of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which are now navigated upon the said River between Nottingham Trent Bridge and Gainsborough, and between the said Bridge and Newj and other intermediate Places, which now pay a considerable Sum of Money to the Petitioners for the Tolls of the said River, will be carried from the Nottingham Trent Bridge and the Nottingham Canal into the said Grantham Canal, and thereby deprive the Petitioners of the Benefit they now receive from the Tolls granted to them by the aforesaid Act of Parliament, whereby they will be greatly injured, and rendered incapable of the further Improvement of the Navigation of the said River Trent: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Part or Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Interests, or that they may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem most meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Crop-well Butler, to the Town of Bingham, both in the County of Nottingham, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves,

9

their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be beard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and Sleaford and maintaining the Road leading from the East Side of the Tattershall Market Place in New Sleaford, to and through the Town of Anwick, in the County of Lincoln, and for making comuw public the Drove Road from the said Town of Anwick to Kyme Praie Grounds, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road, near North Kyme Town, and for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from thence through the said Town of North Kyme, over Billing hay Dales, to the River Witham, and also the Road from the oppo-

site Shore of the said River to the Town of Tattershall, in the said County of Lincoln, and for building a Bridge over the Witham, at, or near to Tattershall Ferry, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Caw-thorne, Mr, Thomas Stanley, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Common- Petitions in alty, of the Town or Borough of W in the County favour of of Heres ord, and of several Burgesses and other Inhabi- yshb^ la. tants of the said Town or Borough, whose Names are an thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Town or Borough of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, whose Common Seal is thereunto affixed, and of several Burgessss, and other Inhabitants of the said Town or Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to join and communicate wdth the Coventry Canal, at or near Griff, in the Lordship of Co-

ion, in the County of Warwick, and also certain Cuts or Branches from the said intended Canal:

And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according Islington to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Church Yard, or Burying Cemetery, of the Parish Church of Saint Mary Isling- Ground Bill ton, in the County of Middlesex, and for enabling pre8eute certain Persons to accept a Conveyance of the Freehold and Inheritance in Fee Simple of a Piece of Copyhold Land, holden of the Manor of Canbury, otherwise Canonbury, in the County of Middlesex, for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for effectually carrying into execu- Basingstok* tional Act of Parliament, of the Eighteenth Year of the Canal Bill Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable passed. Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Wey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and to the South East Side of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Turgiss, in the said County of Southampton, tvas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be,

fc*

ofl"

w

r*

Oni

1/i'i

Or

£ff

jlil

As

ija

|e

h

.1

Hi..1

C(

, Vv.

re*

fc

te:

to j

k

T

ii

33 Geo. III.

14° Martii.

403

be, An Act for effectually carrying into execution an Act of Parliament, of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the River Trey, in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, and to the South East Side of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Turgiss, in the said County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Chute do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

to the House, without any Amendment: Arid he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Warwick the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for " the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of TVarwick, in the room of Sir Robert Laxvley, Baronet, deceased.

Committee on Newfoundland Trade.

Dwnergue's Nit Bill rod.

Ordered, That the Committee who are appointed to The House was moved, That the Order, made Consider-enquire into the State of the Trade to Newfoundland, upon the 5th Day of this Instant March, for taking ation Re* have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time into further Consideration, Tomorrow, the Report ^ery at "* to Time, to the House. — l:-- — J- * *L ——

5|

i\sj

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Francis Dumergue, and Charles John Joli Dumergue, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tipie.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and have agreed Mr. Spranger:

111 Mr. Speaker,

Riseljldo- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act AM. for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Risely, in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

which was made from the Select Committee, who were Stockbridge appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Peti- Election de-tion of Joseph Foster Barham, and George Porter, ferred' Esquires; and also, the Petition Of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next,

Bawtry and Wwd

Wieu Trade Bill.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is King's Con-

___ __________ _ 0_____ __ , ,____ concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open sent to

Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Common Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, HosureBtlin"

Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the within the Townships or Graveships of Wakefield, Stan- u

Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and wi- ley, Wrenthorpe, and Thornes, in the

dening the Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, Parish of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County

to East Markham Common, in the County of Notting- of Yowhich Bill was, upon last, reported

ham, and from Little Drayton, to Tmford Bridge, from the Committee, to whom the same had been com-

in the said County; without any Amendment; And mitted;

also, _ Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty,

Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Donri- gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is nions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better preventing Bank For-Forgeries and Frauds in the Transfers of the several geries BiR tu Funds transferrable at the Bank of England, be Printed>

to the United Stated of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce earned on between this Kingdom, and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States; without any Amendment: And also,

GalltyHill The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An printed, and c'lanfield Act for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Eleventh

Read Bill. Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Wakefield turning, and altering the Road from the Bottom of Common Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, Inclosure Galley Hill, near the Town of JVitney, to the Cross in within the Townships or Graveships of Wakefield, Passetl

Clanfield, in the County of Oxford; without any Amend- Stanley, Wrenthorpe, Alverthorpe, and Thornes, in the 1 ment: And also, Parish of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County

injioc StoraaAtf The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An of York, was read the Third Time, yisg 1 and Ipswich Act for effectually carrying into execution an Act of _ Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the

ining OUDtl E'.

sentei

Navigation BUI.

Parliament, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Ma- Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open

jesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into mSimrt'e a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed ivoic. 1. from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Alexander Stewart, Esquire, with Elizabeth

Common Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Graveships of Wakefield,

Stanley, Wrenthorpe, Alverthorpe, and Thornes, in the Parish of Wakfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill to Power to

Leigh, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, explain and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of Committee ~ the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

« m I a <1 t C \ A A / v^ rw I J- H A w« Mn _

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

intituled, "An Act for erecting Piers in, and for re- Harbour Bill.

pairing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Littlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of " Sussex," and for empowering the Commissioners That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, acting under the said Act to improve the Navigation of for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party ap- the River Arun, from the said Harbour, to the Town peared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and of Arundel, in the said County, is committed, have that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol.48. The

14° — 15°

A. 1793.

Bank Foe-genet Bill deferred.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds in the Transfers of the several Funds transferrable at tire Bank of England.

cote, Mr. Noel Edwards, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

WP

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Old Marham Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste m Lands, within the Parish of Marham, in the County And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow - of Norfolk, was read a Second Time.

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Petitions in Favour of Ashby de la Zouch Canal Bill.

A

Veneris, 15* die Martii;

Anno 33° Georgii III'" Regis, 1793.

'RATERS.

PETITION of the Gentjemen, Clergy, Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, residing in the Town and Borough of Derby, and in the Neighbourhood, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and principal Inhabitants, of the City of Hereford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to join and communicate with the Coventry Canal at or near Griff, in the Lordship of Chilvers Coton, in the County of Warwick, and also certain Cuts or Branches from the said intended Canal: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petitions in A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Favour of Tradesmen, and others, residing in the Town and Tren°n dP°n Borough Derby, and in the Neighbourhood, whose Fradley* Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

Heath Canal A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and principal Bill. Inhabitants, of the City of Her ford, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the River Trent Navigation, at, or near, the Town of Burton upon Trent, and the Coventry Canal at Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Buxton, Mr. Heathcote, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for embanking and draining certain Salt Spalding, Marshes and Low Lands within the several Parishes Embank!*'* of Spalding, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, and Gedney, and Drainage in the County of Lincoln, and for preventing the same Bill commit-Marshes and Lands from being Overflowed with the ted-Sea; and for altering an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons,

" Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Gedney, and Hamlet thereof, called " Gedney Fen, in the County of Lincoln," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Heathcote, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Moulton In-Salt Marshes^ Droves, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Lincoln, com *' was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Heathcote, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom NeatEnstone the Bill for amending, widening, and repairing the "ndhicssier Road from Clay Hill, in the Turnpike lload between Neat Enstoneand Chipping Norton, in the County of

Oxford, over Hey ford Bridge, to the Water Lane, in

the Town of Bicester, in the said County, and from Bicester aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in Weston on the Green, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he react the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

jrpf

i^reau

jfl*;1 'Or#!ft#

# fid*

|Wf,

ciat;

iJtBi

U lie

flifiF

cstill

liJZtit

nice

sine

:nlv

foil

sj®

Sir J ci C

nerl

wa.

.X

ami

d

i‘: to tin stt

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question And the said Petitions were severally ordered severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to to lie upon the Table. One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Nomuinton A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open ingrossed.

Inclosure Bill Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Heath committed. Grounds, within the Parish of Normanton, in the County of Rutland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Heath-cote, Mr. Noel Edwards, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom sinkeLyne the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- and Fewcoit mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, nclosure Bill

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut

Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Stoke Lyne and Favcott, in the Parish of Stoke Lyne, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing

reported.

MeltonMow-

bray and or Canal from the Leicester and Melton Mawbrau Na- Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had

Oakham - *? - '

Canal Bill committed.

vigation, in the Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, into Cutt's Close, in the Parish of Oakham, in the County of Rutland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Heath-

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone

through

33 Geo. III.

15° -Marlit.

405

Duistev? Incisure Bill reported.

through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;> and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of D in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true;

Churches, w'as committed; That the Committee had Parish of examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the Groston resame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had porte " given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were.

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Light wood Common or Waste Ground, called Lightwood, within the Township of Normacott, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of ,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Earl and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent Gower, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Speaker's Chamber, made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

directed him to report to the House; and he read the An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Powers of, and Paddington Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, rendering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty- Church Bill with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- passed‘ the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then tituled, " An Act for re-building the Parish Church

" of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, and for " enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Cmlitra

kWe Bill whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Cotenham Saint Bartholomew and Corcenham Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of 'the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish."

Ordered, That Sir John Morshead do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Marquis of Tilchfield presented to the House, Castlethorpe according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing Inclosure Bill

oi me Dm, ana iouna me same to oe true; ana mat , o . " '.\ ~ ---- - o Drestnted.

the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Open and Common Fields, and other Common- Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the *ble Lands, within the Parish of Castlethorpe, in the

, ' . I nnnhr rvf rrnnm Anri tno camo xi'qc ronmvprl

0

Itfl*

Proprietors of 306 Acres, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed consists of 2,546 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his IMace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

County of Buckingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. TVebb reported from the Committee, to whom Gloucester the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable and Berkeley Canal from the River Severn, at or near the City of reported Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley in the Parish of Berkeley, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they, had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in

at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

Kirtonin

Liudiey in- to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open closure Bill common Fields, 'Meadows, Pastures, and other Com-jrestnt . monab\e Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship

of Kirton in Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Lemon presented to the House, accord- St Agnes ing to Order, a Bill for erecting and making a Pier Pier and Harbour in the Cove of Trcvaunance, in the Pa- l>resente

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to ..... ,....

peUofChor- whom the Bill for separating the Chapels of Chorley and rish of Saint , in the County of Cornwall: And Uy and Ruf- Rufford from the Parish of Croston, in the County of the same was received; and read the First Time, ford (tom the Lancaster, and for making them Two distinct Parish Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 48. 5 L Sir

406 15° Mar A. 1793.

Armley In. Sir William Mordaunt Milner presented to the House, closure Bill according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the presented. Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Armley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

BedfordCha- Mr. Col/ioun presented to the House, according to rity Bill pre- Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Fourth sented. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, V An Act for enlarging the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of " the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir " William Iiarpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, " for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of " Charity, of the Town of and for the bet-

ter Management and Disposition of the said Estates, and the Rents and Profits thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

St. Luke's Mr. Maintcaring presented to the House, according lighting and to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the presented. Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better enlightening and cleansing the Open Places, Squares, Streets, " Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts within the " Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, " and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels, and " for repairing the Highways within the said Parish," and for granting other Powers for the better lighting, cleansing, watching, and regulating the Squares,

Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages and Places within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Euu Brink Sir John Wodehouse presented to the House, accorded King's ing Order, a Bill for improving the Drainage of age BillpIre- the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great seated. Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, the Low Lands

near to, or adjoining, the said Levels, and also the Lands adjoining, or near, tire River Ouse, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's in the said County,

and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouse from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Saint in

the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time, upon Monday Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant

March

Liverpool A Bill for repealing Part of an Act, passed in the Salt Works pjr8t Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, mitted"1* " -^n Act for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon " Salt, and for the better Payment of Debentures at " the Custom House," which may relate to the refining and making of Salt at certain Works intended to be erected at Garsion, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, instead of the present Salt Works at was read a Second Time.

Rcsobed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. Smith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Voices to Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

on°Mr. Committee to whom the Petition of Thomas Mudge, Wndge's Pe- Watchmaker, is referred.

tilion.

Mr. Bastard reportea from tl\e Select Committee, Report fron appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Peti- Cricklade tion of Samuel Petrie, Esquire; and also, the Pe- Election tition of the Inhabitants possessing Houses within the respecting Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, who Mr. Petrie by immemorial Custom and Usage have a Right to being ar-vote at all Elections for Members to serve in Parlisu- restedi ment for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough*

That he was directed by the Committee to acquaint the House, that Mr. Petrie, the Petitioning Candidate and Prosecutor of the Cause (the Cause being still depending before the said Committee) was arrested Yesterday, at Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, in his House in Pall Mall, under Two several Processes of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and that the said Mr. Petrie had claimed, by his Counsel, the Privilege of being protected from these Processes, both as being a Petitioner whose Presence is generally necessary during the Continuance of the Sitting of the Committee, and also as being arrested on his Return from such Attendance; and that he was further directed to acquaint the House, that the Committee adjourned Yesterday at Half an Hour after One of the Clock, at the Desire of the Counsel for Mr. Petrie, and that the Committee had ordered him to request the Directions of the House upon the Subject, as their Proceedings are at present suspended.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do enquire into the Matters therein contained, and examine Pre*-cedents relating thereto; and report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing Delays " of Justice by Reason of Privilege of Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be refereed to the Report re-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do p^r^bei!^ enquire into the Matters therein contained, and arrested reexamine Precedents relating thereto; and report the ferred to a same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House: Committee.

And it is referred to Mr. Bastard, Mr. , the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Bearcroft, Major Maitland, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Fox, Mr. Drake, Mr.

Buxton, Mr. Praed, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Wilbraham, Captain Berkeley, Sir George Jackson, Sir Charles Morgan, the Lord Belgrave, Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Mundy, Mr.

Ladbroke, Mr. Fludyer, Mr. Adams, Sir George Douglas, Sir John Thorold, Mr. Sutton, Mr. Morton Mr. Mailman Trench Chiswell, Mr. Evelyn, Mr.

Combe, the Lord Bayham, Sir Francis Ford, Mr.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Gregor, the Marquis of Titchfield, the Eari of Mornington, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr, Solicitor General, Mr. Erskine,

Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Rose, Mr.

Charles Long, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh,

Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Sheridan, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. , Mr. Burke,

Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Dundas; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And the House being informed that the said Select Leave given Committee had adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten the Cricklade of the Clock; SS*

Ordered, That the said Committee have- Leave to adjourn, to adjourn from Tomorrow till Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered,

15° Marth'.

407

Bill to pre- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in A RH1 mart; rent Trai- effectually to prevent, during the War, nil Traitoroife rK°ond«nce Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given ordered. to, His Majesty's Enemies: And that Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Days appointed for considering Petitions respecting Rights of Eiectioa altered*

The House was moved. That the several Orders appointing the Days for taking into Consideration the several Petitions respecting the Rights of Election for the Borough of Newark, in the County of Nottingham; for the City and Liberty of Westminster; for the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland; and for the Town and Port of Seafotd, in the County of Sussex, might be read.

And the said Orders being severally read accordingly, the same w'efe, On the Question being severally put thereupon, ordered to be discharged.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of 'Newark, in the County of Nottingham: and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Borough of upon

Trent, in the County of Nottingham, paying Scotland Lot within the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors of Members to repre-setlt the Said Borough in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves, and other Electors for the said Borough, respecting the Right of Election for the said Borough, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday the 1st Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon,

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the City and Liberty of Westminster, respecting the Right of Election for the said City and Liberty, be taken into Consideration upon Friday, the 2d Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Otddred, That the Petition of Thomas JetttiebPaint, Rbbtrt Murray, JEdtctiYd Wtrsiell, John Richardson, Robert Yarker, Thomas John

Richard Rowland, Joseph Yeoward, Ralph Elliot, and Joseph BrOwnrigg, Grtfaens of the City of arid

also, the Petition of John Ghristidti and Wilson

Rraddyll, Esquires, respecting the Right of Election for the said City, be taken into Consideration upon the 3d Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in ffi'e Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, respecting the Right of Election for the said Town and Port, be taken into Consideration upon Monday, the 5th Day of August next, at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again inserted itt The L&nddA;

and also sent to the Returning Officers of the said several Places.

Voice* to Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

Committee Committee, to whom it is referred to consider Of the specUngWIr" P-eP9rt> made this Day, from the Select Committee, Petrie being appointed to try dnd determine the Merits of the se-wrested. veral Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return- for the Bolrough of Cricklitdt, in the County of WiU*.

Hoom to ad- Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of iloods0 the House this Day, adjourii till Monday Morning

sy* next.

Vol. 48.

Ordered, That the Committee to Whom it is re- 'Committee ferred to Consider of the Report, made this Day, from on Htpmt the Select Coffimittde appointed to try and determine the Merits of the several Petitions complaining Of an arrasted to sit Undue Election and Return for the -Borough df 'Crick- To morrow. lode, in tile County of Wilts, brave Leave to sit Tomorrow, notwithsttrntfitfg the Adjournment of the House.

The Order of the Day being rehd, for the Hotise to Committeof resolve itstelf into a Committee of the whole House, Supply, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- Account*

jesty; &c. referred.

Oixlered, That the Account of Extraordinary Rxperices Extra-of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable ordinaries of tire Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces, from the the Arnny-2.5th oi December 1791 to the 24th of December I/92, both inclusive, and not provided fdr by Parliament, be referred to tile said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate, as far as the same can j ^*nan be made up, of the Charge of a Corps of Hanoverian Troops, taken into the Service df Great Britain, from 22d FObriuiry 1793 to 24th December following, both

inclusive, being 306 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate, as far as the Same can be Hanoverian made up, of the Charge of Levy Money, Camp Equipage, £®vy Woney* sand other Expences, attending the Hanoverian Forces in the Service of Great Britain, On their taking the Held, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One Fencible Regifnfe'rit of Foot, of several Fencible Regiments in Reg'ments» North Britain, and of a Corps of Fericibles in The Isle of Man, from 26th March 1793 to 24th December following, both inclusive, being 274 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper intituled, " Charge of Additional " Services ordered to be performed, and Stores to be £h^rge " supplied, for carrying on the Service of the Office or nanCe*

" of Ordnance in the Year 1793, since the Estimate " of the said Office for the Stfid Year was presented to " Parikment," be ffeferrSd to the Safid Coffirmitfee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge 6f an Augmenta-Augmentation to the First Regiment of Dragoon tion to Dra-Gipards, from 24th January 1793 to 24th December g<»n Guards, following, both inclusive, being 335 Days, and of the &c‘

Charge of Accoutrements, See. for the Augmentation to the Cavalry and Infantry, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Cloathing cloathingfor for the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1793, be referred Militia, to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money Disposition given for the Service of the Year 1792 has been dis- of Grants, posed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 1 ith Day of March 1793, and the Parts remaining nnsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account bf Mdndy issued tb Money Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exche- issued to

quer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, and Mr. Cotton, of th? Sum which will be necessary to be issued for the same on the 5th Day of April 1793, be" referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Accbiiht of Money issued to To Mr> CoN Thomas Cotton, and William Chinnery, Esquires, at the ton and Mr. Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil Chinnery. List Revenues, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to To Mr. WUHam CMttrteYp, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Ex- Chinnery. chequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Atcduht df Money issued to Joseph To Mr. White, Esquire, at the itecelpt of the Exchequer, out of White.

His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

15° Ma

A. 1793.

jj

To Mr. Goddard.

To Mr. Pollock.

For Loyalists to Upper Canada*

African Company's Petition*

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Charles Goddard, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to William Pollock, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to sundry Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for Loyalists to Upper Canada, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That ' he was directed by the Committee to.move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Way* and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Mean*.

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr* Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

An Account of Money issued to James Marquis of Salisbury, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to pay Bills for Works done at the House of Commons, by Order of the Speaker and Committee: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth; viz.

Accounts of Money issued to the Mtr> quis of Salisbury; and Mr. Cotton; pit-tented.

If

;-i!»

'if

iff

(in

fa

u

la

fa

s

fi

S-'1

V

t

jtf

If

Of

r.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to James Marquis of Salisbury, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Purposes following: ____________________

nth March 1793. To enable him to pay Bills for Works done at the House of Commons, by Order of the Speaker and Committee, for the better, ventilating and warming the said House ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof

£. s. d.

1,374 19 10 £ 78 16 6

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 14th March 1793.

George Rose.

L453 16 4i

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of

His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for the Purposes following:

14th March 1793* To reimburse him the like Sum, paid by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to sundry Persons who carried on the Whale Fishery in Nova Scotia, and who arrived at Milford Haven in order to settle in this Kingdom, for Losses sustained by them in consequence of the Sale of their Property by such Removal, and for their Passage - ....

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 14th March 1793.

George Rose.

£. s. d.

1,343 17 6

77 5 6

1,420 3 —

33 Geo. III.

15° — 18° Martii.

409

Ordered \That the said Accounts do iie upon the so as frequently to prevent the Petitioners from pro-Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. perly supplying the said City with Water, and working the said Mills, whereby the Estates and Interests Bill to«- Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, of the Petitioners in the said Water Works and Mills wodthtMan- to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprie- will be inevitably greatly injured, and the Inhabitants Munder- tors Canal Navigation from Manchester to or of the said City of Chester materially detrimented: And

near Ashton-under-Lyneand Oldham to extend the said therefore praying, That they may be heard, by them-

Canal from a Place called . Clayton Demesne, in the selves, or their Counsel, against so much of the said Township of Droylsden, in the Parish of Manchester ~ ~" ~

aforesaid, to a PI

Lyne, and Oldham Canal reported.

5

» C;c:

5

tn the

5lace in the Turnpike Road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manch and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the Sign of the Three Boars Heads, and from, or nearly from, a Place called

Taylor's Barn, in the Township of Reddish, to Denton, at a Place called Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading between Stockport and Ashton-under-Lyne, and also from the intended Aqueduct Bridge at or near a Place called Waterhouses, in the Parish of under-Lyne aforesaid, to Hollinwood, in the Township of Oldham aforesaid, was committed; and to whom

Bill as affects the said River Dee, and be allowed to introduce, and to have inserted in the said Bill, such' Clause or Clauses, Powers, Restrictions, and Regulations, as they shall be advised, and to the House shall appear just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed ;and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the

the Petition of several Subscribers for making a Canal same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said from Sou'erby Bridge to join the Duke of Bridgewater's Petition.

Canal at or near Manchester, commonly called The Rochdale Canal, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 13° die Martii; Anno 33° Georgii III*" Regis, 1793

Pra

Y ERS.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Mer- Petitions in chants, Manufacturers, Freemen, and other Inha- favour of bitants of the City of Coventry, whose Names are ^ouc^CanaT

South Hoi-hod Drainage Bill presented.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands lying in the several Parishes

thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Parishes of Foleshill, Exhall Stoke, Sow, and in the County

BiH.

of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cawbit and of the City of Coventry: And also,

Peakill) Weston, Moulton, Whapload, Holbeach, Fleet, A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, of the City of Worcester, whose Common Seal is there-otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County unto affixed: And also,

of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition against Shrewsbury and Nether Pool Canal Bill.

A Petition of Joseph Crewe, Esquire, Thomas Baxter, Gentleman, Alexander Eaton, Gentleman, Thomas Barnes, Gentleman, and Ca Widow,

Five of the Owners and Proprietors of the Water Works erected within the City of Chester, upon the River Dee, for the supplying of the said City with Water from the same River, and also Owners of divers Mills situate within the said City and the Liberties thereof, and upon the said River Dee, on behalf of themselves, and others, the Owners and Proprietors of the said Water Works and Mills, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at, or near, Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at, or near, Nether Pool, in the County of Chester, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners are apprehensive that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Water of the said River Dee, or of some of the Rivers, Brooks, or Streams flowing into the same, above the said Water Works and Mills, will be taken into the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, or some of them, and the Quantity of Water in the said River Dee above the said Water Works and Mills be diminished,

Vo l.43.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town or Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, whose Common Seal is thereunto affixed, and of several Burgesses, and other Inhabitants of the said Town or Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough of Montgomery, in the County of Montgomery, in Common Hall assembled, whose Common Seal is thereunto affixed, and of several other Inhabitants of the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to join and communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Griff, in the Lordship of Chilvers Coton, in the County of Warwick, and also certain Cuts or Branches from the said intended Canal: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Dumergue'i Act for naturalizing Charles Francis Dumet'gue and Nat- Bill Charles John Joli Dumergue, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry

5 M Hobart,

committed.

410

18° Martii.

A. 1793.

Hobart, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet House, That the Reason for his absenting himself from

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's his Duty on the said Committee on Saturday last was, Chamber. that, by Mistake, he understood, when Leave was

Bank Building* Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England, was read the Third Time.

that, by Mistake, he understood, when Leave given to the Committee to adjourn from Saturday last until Tuesday Morning next, that the House had actually adjourned the said Select Committee until that Time, and that in consequence thereof he went into the Country, meaning to have attended the said Select

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Committee on Tuesday Morning at the usual Hour of be, An Act to enable the Governor and Company of their Meeting, but that, having been informed of his the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Mistake, he had immediately come to Town to attend Ground contiguous to the Bank of England. his Duty on the said Select Committee; and that he was

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill extremely sorry the Committee had been put to any

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lords have agreed to

South Mil* forth and Lumby In* closure Bill.

Dunsley Moor Inclosure Bill.

Dunston Inclosure Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Hamlets of South Milfo Committee on Saturday last, be allowed, and Lumby, in the Parish of Sherburn, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Parcel

Inconvenience on his Account.

The Substance of what Sir Francis Ford offered to the House, as an Excuse, was taken down in Writing.

And the same being verified by him, upon Oath, at the Table;

Ordered, That the Excuse now otledged by Sir Francis Ford, for his not attending on the said Select

A

.Vi

0

A

4

A Petition of the Right honourable Robert Earl Petition of Ferrerswas presented to the House, and read; Ear* Fm'ra Taking Notice of the Bill for repairing, widening, di- Stafford and vesting, and improving the Road from Stafford to uttoxeter of Waste Land, called Dunsley Moor, within the Town- Church Bridge, and also the Road from Stafford to Road* Bill, ship of Newholm cum Dunsley, in the Parish of Whitby, Uttoxeter all in the County of Stafford, and also the

in the North Riding of the County of York; without Road from Stafford to Newport, in the County of any Amendment: And also, Salopand Setting forth, That such Part of the said

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill as relates to the Road from Stafford to for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields through Weston upon Trent, Stowe, and so far

and Heath, Common Pasture, and Waste Lands, in as the Lordship of Grindiey extends, if it should pass ~ ~ Law, will greatly affect and prejudice the Es-

d1

0

u*

o

Maisemore

Inclosure Bill

presented.

the Parish of Dunston, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Maisemore; in the County of Gloucester (except a certain Meadow called Maisemore Ham) and

into a

tates and Property of the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill passing into a Law in the Form it now stands, and that he may have such Relief as the Nature of his Case may require, and as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard,

for rendering all the Lands and Tenements within the by his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, said Parish wholly exempt and discharged from Tythe, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit

and all Modus and Composition for Tythe, by allotting Lands in Lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Report from Cricklade Election ConimitCee, respecting the Non-attendance of Sir Francis Ford.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Bastard reported from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire; and also, the Pe- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Granby and tition of the Inhabitants possessing Houses within the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and Sutton In-Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, who other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within closu Bill by immemorial Custom and Usage have a Right to the Liberties of Granby and Sutton, in the Parish of *** vote at all Elections of Members to serve in Parlia- Granby and Sutton, in the County of Nottingham, woo ment for the said Borough, severally complaining of read the Third Time.

an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title That the said Committee, having met on Saturday be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Coin-Morning last, pursuant to their Adjournment of the mon Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Com-~ -- - monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties

of Granby and Sutton, in the Parish of Granby and Sutton, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepmt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

preceding Day, the House having given them Leave to adjourn from that Day until Tuesday Morning next, and Sir Francis Ford, Baronet (one of the Members of the said Select Committee) not having attended, the Committee then adjourned till Eleven of the Clock this Morning.

And Mr. Bastard further acquainted the House, That the said Committee having met this Morning, at Eleven of the Clock, pursuant to the said Adjourn

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Crickhowell Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, Roads Bill for amending, widening, and jdtering, the Roads com, nit

ment, and Sir Francis Ford, Baronet, being then pre- leading from , in the County of Brecon, to

sent, the said Committee adjourned till Tomorrow the Cross Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Morning, Ten of the Clock. Road between the City of Hertford and Ross, and from

And Sir Francis Ford, m his Place, informed the a Place called The Lower Cross Ways, in the Parish of

6 Saint

33 Geo. III.

18° Martii.

411

itwu; 'ife|

IQR

Bor: as |

<tf* i

i&iC I

'difional ition to ford, £c. ds Bill rted; Report unmit-

0oa

'll Bit

Sami Maughan's,to the Town of in the County ai Monmouth, and from a Smith's Shop at Stanton, in the Parish of to Chapel a

Fine, in the same County, and from the Turnpike Bead in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of Hereford, to Ponttanast, in the Parish of in

the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Scudamore, Sir Henry Bridgeman, 8cc. And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands and Estates in the Counties of Monmouth and Hereford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read -y Taking Notice of the said Bdl; and Setting forth, That, soon after the said Act was passed, several Turnpikes were erected upon the said Roads, at which divers Tolls were collected for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, passing through the said Turnpikes, which Tolls have coo tinned to he collected for upwards of Twenty-one Years, although several Parts of the said Roads have never been effectually repaired by the Trustees appointed by the said Act, and are now in a worse State and Condition

" certain Places, called The Broad Oak in " and Duxbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of

" Lancaster, for making more effectual Provision for " repairing and widening the said Roads, and also, for " making, altering, and widening, the Road from a " Place called South Sea, in to Agecroft

" Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lam, to " Dawson Lane End, and also, from Agecroft Bridge, "over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said "County," was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fol-Ioweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Cooke being examined, said, That a Bill is depending in this House, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the before-mentioned Act; and that he conceives it would be the Meaus of facilitating the execution of the intended Act, if the Powers in the said former Act contained were repealed, and all the Powers

in Repair the said Roads, were comprized in One Act of Parliament

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petition was referred.

than they were at the Time the said Act was passed, requisite for the duly amending, widening, and keeping particularly such Part of the said Roads as leads from " " ' ‘ '

Criekhowellaforesaid, in the County of Brecon, to the

Queen's Head Inn at LlanoihangellCrucorney, and also

such Pbrt of the said Roads as leads from a Smith's

Shop, at Stanton, in the Parish of LUmmhangell, to

Chapel a Fine, in the same County, and the Petitioners are informed, that it would require several Thousand Pounds to put the several Roads included in the said recited Act in good Repair, and that the additional Tolls, which will be necessary to be laid upon the Public to pay the Interest of that Money, would bean additional

A Petition of Robert Cooper Lee, of Bedford Square, jvjr. i^e'8 in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, was presented Petition for to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Leave to Petitioner is duly appointed by Julines j£*^,"ag

Esquire, of the Island of Jamaica, his Agent and Agent for

Burthen upon them, and for which they will never re- Attorney, to transact his Business in his Absence, and Mr. Hering)

cme an adequate Benefit; and that the Term of the the said Julines Hering is now in the said Island of ^'"msford

said Act will expire at the End of the present Session of Jamaicaand that the Petitioner hath perused a Bill, Navigation

Parliament, and the continuing the Term of the said depending in the House, for making and maintaining Bill.8 Act, so for as relates to the said Road from Crickhowell a Navigation from, or nearly from, the Town of aforesaid to the Queen's Head Inn at Llamihangell Cru- Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called corney, and from the Smith s Shop at Stanton aforesaid Collier s Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in to Chapel a Fine, will be very injurious to the Peti- the said County, which Navigation is to be completed tioners, and to all Persons having Occasion to pass upon by making a Cut or Canal from a Part of the said ~ ~ River Blackwater, near the Village of Heybridge, to

Collies''s Reach aforesaid, for the Length of about Two Miles through an Estate which the said Julines Hering holds, by Lease, from the Dean and Chapter of Saint Paul's; and that the making the said Cut or Canal,

the said Roads with Horses, Cattle, and Carriages And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as relate to the Road from Crickhowell aforesaid to the Queen's Head Inn aforesaid, and from the Smith's

Shop at Stanton aforesaid to Chapel a Fine aforesaid, in the Direction proposed by the said Bill, will be very and may have such Relief as the House shall think just prejudicial to the Property of the said Julines Hering,

and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at

but another Cut or Canal, equally convenient for the Purposes of the said Navigation, might be made through other Parts of the said Estate, from the Town of Maldon to Collier's Reach aforesaid, and which would not be so injurious to the Property of the said Julines Hering: And therefore praying, That he may have Leave to present a Petition, as Agent and Attorn ney as aforesaid, against such Parts of the said Bill as

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the may affect the said Julines Hering.

said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And Third, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, praying, on behalf of the said Julines Hering, that he " made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of may be heard, by himself, or his Counsel, against such " King George the Second, for repairing and widening Parts of the said Bill as may affect the said Julines Hering. " certain Roads leading to and from the Towns Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the " of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 48. A Petition

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave given. Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Robert Cooper Lee.

Then a Petition of Robert Cooper Lee, of Bedford Lee's Pe-Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, as Attor- bj‘on ney to Julines Hering, of the Island of Jamaica, Esquire, Navieatfo was presented to the House, and read; Containing the Bill.

.ion

18" Martii.

A. 1793.

Pttitiom in A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Bo-favour of rough of Bishop's Castle, in the County of Salop, whose TreaTand011 Common Seal is thereunto affixed, and of several Bur-Fradley gesses and other Inhabitants of the said Borough, whose Heath Canal Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

unless proper Clauses are inserted in the said Bill, their Navigation may be injured, and the Tolls and Duties payable to them in respect thereof considerably lessened, and the Safety and Security of their Lands very much endangered: And therefore praying, That proper Clauses may be inserted in the said Bill effectually to preserve and secure the Navigation of the said River Dee, and the Petitioners Tolls and Duties payable

in respect thereof, and the Lands and other Property of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the stud Bill is committed.

tf

t

4

ii

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants,

Tradesmen, and others, residing in the Town and Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants,

Tradesmen, and others, residing in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Kingston upon Hull, in Common Council assembled: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town or Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, whose Common Seal is thereunto affixed, and of several Burgesses, and other Inhabitants of the said Town or Borough, whose Names are there- posing to Sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, unto subscribed: And also, in any City or Market Town in England, /Vales, or

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, the Town of Berwick upon ,or within Two

Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and others, residing in the Miles thereof, except on Market Days or Fair Days; Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, whose and that, in Consequence of the said Act, and of the

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Petition trot it Wholesale Dealers, of the Town of Manchester, was Manchester, 9 presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, |

That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of pediarj. 3 the Reign of His present Majesty, all Hawkers and s

Pedlars are prohibited from vending, selling, or ex-

Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Borough of Montgomery, in the County of Montgomery, in Common Hall assembled, whose Common Seal is thereunto affixed, and of several other Inhabitants of the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally.presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the River Trent Navigation, at, or near, the Town of Burton upon Trent, and the Coventry Canal at Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Little Tew A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure Bill Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and committed. Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Little Tew, in the Parish of Great Tew, in the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

above-mentioned Restriction in particular, the Trade of the Hawkers and Pedlars, who are a very industrious and useful Body of Men, is nearly annihilated, whereby great Numbers of them are brought to Poverty and Distress, and those who, from Circumstances, are enabled to continue their Business, suffer the utmost Inconvenience; and that, at the Time of passing the said Act, the Trade of the Hawkers and Pedlars was very considerable and extensive, and highly beneficial to the Kingdom at large, and to the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester in particular, especially in the Sale of Silk Handkerchiefs, in Imitation of India Handkerchiefs, and other Goods, which pay a great Duty to Government, but, since the said Act, such Sale has very greatly decreased, and large Quantities of India Handkerchiefs, and other Goods, have been imported and sold, which before were, in a great Measure, prevented by the Industry and Vigilance of the Hawkers and Pedlars; and that, as the Restriction above complained of is so very injurious in its Consequences, not only to the Revenue, but to the Trade of the Kingdom at large,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, and particularly to the Hawkers and Pedlars, the Peti-

the Marquis of Bland ford, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Milcomb A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

Inclosure Bill mon Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, committed.

tioners hope, that the House will take the Repeal of it into Consideration, and give to the Hawkers and Pedlars such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, Waningto* lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Milcomb, in made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Road Bill the Parish of Bloxham, in the County of Oxford, was Majesty, for the more effectual repairing, widening, and comilQ'tUl1' read a Second Time. amending, the Road from a Place called Earl's Kill, in

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page, TVjrrington, to the Toll Bars in IVallgate, in Wigan, both the Marquis of Bland ford, &c.: And they are to meet in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

▲ . A. /V — _ _ i. T?1 1 A 1 m M A»1rv A C! M. AM 1* ^1 % /\ T) ill VaA A m*-*. «4 A 4 a /f mm --

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition against Shrewsbury and Nether Pool Canal Bill.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Undertaking for recovering and preserving the Navigation of the River Dee, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackburne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chajnber.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Pro- Bill toexteo prietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester, to the Wancbei maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn or near, Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, to extend the ter' As.iltoa at or near Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the said Canal from a Place called Clayton Demesne, in the River Mersey, at or near Nether Pool-, in the County Township of Droylsden, in the Parish of Manchester Canalpassei of Chester, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the aforesaid, to a Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton said intended Canal; and Setting forth, That the Pe- Norris, leading between Manchester and Stockport, of-titioners have, under the Faith of several Acts of posite to the House known by the Sign of the Three Parliament, expended very large Sums of Money in Boars Heads, and from, or nearly from, a Place called improving the Navigation of the said River Dee, and Taylor's Bam, in the Township of Reddish, to Denton, in recovering and embanking large Tracts of Land at a Place called Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike near or adjoining thereto, ana they are advised, that Road leading between Stockport and Ashton under Lyne,

and

33 Geo. III.

18° Ma.

413

and also from the intended Aqueduct Bridge at or near a Place called Waterho, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to in the

Township of Oldham aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 21. 1. 7.

4?

0

t

ie

To leave to the Pr. 23.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Dudley Canal Navigation; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Atherstone, in the County of Warwick; and also, the Petition of the several 'Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Town of , in

the County of Warwick; and also, the Petition of the

out from " effectual,'* Company of Proprietors of the Thames und Severn Ca-End of Line 26, in nal Navigation, were severally referred; That the

Committee had considered the 1st, 2d, and 9th mentioned Petitions, and had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel, no Counsel appearing in Support of the 3d, 4th, ^tb, 6th, 7th, 8th, 10th, 11th, and 12th mentioned Petitions; and that the Committee had

be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Ashton under Lyne and Oldham, to extend the said Ca- through the Bill, and made several Amendments nal from a Place called Clayton Demesne, in the Town- thereunto, which they had directed him to report to ship of Droylsden, in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, the 'House; and he read the Report in his Place; and to a Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton Norris, leading betw'een Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the Sign of the Three Boars Heads, and from, or nearly from, a Place called Taylor's Barn, in the Township of Reddish, to Denton, at put, That the said Report be taken into further Con-

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

a Place called Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading between Stockport and Ashton under Lyne, and also from the intended Aqueduct Bridge at or near a Place called Waterhouses, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to a Place called Stake Leach, at Hollinwood, in the Township of Oldham aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

sideration upon this Day Six Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /^*r Edward Littleton, letters for the 1 eas, jMr North:

20.

48.

jKwrt'j Dime Bill JUS#).

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Alexander Stewart, Esquire, with Elizabeth Leigh, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Nflkrton and Sell/ Oak Canal

Mr. Edward Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Na-Mreprted. v'"a^e Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal,

Tellers for the Noes, {JJ So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second'Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent Obstructions to the Navigation of the Dudley Canal.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Toll shall be demanded for Tonnage of Coals, conveyed from the intended Canal into the Dudley Canah

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read -a Second Time; ,

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

now making at, or near, Selly Oak, in the said County, for making Cuts from the Summit Level of the Dudley

Canal, into the Mines within Two thousand Yards of that Canal.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Purpose of imposing certain Tolls.

And the said Clause was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

aDd also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham and Birmingham and Fazeley Canal Navigations; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal Navigation, under their Common Seal; and also, the Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and the Neighbourhood thereof; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough ingrossed. of Tamworth, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Not- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Supply. thampton; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, was referred to consider further of the Supply granted and Commonalty of the City of Coventry, and also, to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manu- had directed him to report to the House; which lie facturers, and principal Inhabitants of the City of read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the

Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Hanoverian That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Troops.

5 N Thirty-

Coventry; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of the Vo 1. 48.

414

18P Martii.

a. am.

'Thirty-eight thousand Two hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Eight Bence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the -Charge of a Corps of Hanoverian Troops, taken into the Service of Great Britain, from the and day of February 1793 to the

Levy Money, Ate. for Hanoverian Troops,

Fencible Regiments,

issued to JVitiiam Ckinncry, Esquire, at line fteoeipt of 1 the Exchequer, out of ilia Majesty's Civil list Revenues, for defraying the Expence of purchasing Provisions for the Relief -of Six Hundred and Fifty Emi-

Sants from the Highlands of , who arrived at

rvoaScotia from Glasgow in great Distress, and for Throe hundred and Six Days. other Services.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is >the Opinion of this Committee, For Assess-That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Seventeen That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand and Sixty- me"16 on thousand Five hundred and Ninety-eight Pounds, be eight Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to His Commission-granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to Joseph ers of Public Levy Money, Camp Equipage, and other Expences, White, Esqu'up, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out Accounts, attending the Hanoverian Forces in the Service of of His Majesty's Civil LiBt Rewenues, for paying the &c-Great Britain, on their taking the Field. Assessments upon the Salaries of the Commissioners for

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, auditing the Public Accounts and their Officers, for That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Nine Land Tax, for the Years 1788 and 1789. thousand Six hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Sixteen Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, To satisfy a Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Eight hun- Bill drawn for defraying the Charge of One Regiment of Foot, of dred Ninety-seven Pounds and Five Shillings, be ^Dukeof several Fencible Regiments in North Britain, and of a granted to His Majesty, to make good foe like Sum York." *°

(in*

V

0

'jt

jk

4

Cloathing for Militia.

Extraordinaries of the Army.

Augmentation to Dragoon Guards, Arc.

Corps of Fencibles in The Isle of Man, from the 26th Day of March 1793 to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being Two hundred and Seventy-four Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding, upon Account, One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Cloqthing for the Embodied Militia, for the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and Thirty- granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum ^to the Staie seven thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-five Pounds issued to William Pollock, Esquire, at the Receipt of of the Uleof One Shilling and Two Penee, be granted to His Ma- the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Reve- Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences nues, to reimburse Expences incurred by the Commis-

' ~ sipners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of The Isle of Man.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For Grttai. That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Eight ties>&c-10

issued to Charles Goddard, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to satisfy a Rill, drawn by Sir Morton Eden, His Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the King of Prussia, for Money disbursed by him at Berlin, for the Use of His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, For Ex-That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand One hun- peaces of dred and Fqrty-6lx Pounds and Eight Shillings, be ^rgfnj*s"n*

of His Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the 25th Day of December 1791 to the 24th Day of December 1792, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Fifty-nine thousand and Sixty-six Pounds Three Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to the First Regiment of Dragoon Guards, from the 24th Day of January 1793 to the hundred Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His

1 1 ,-i o° - 0 1 1 ncan Loyal-

Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to sundry istg< Persons, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to be applied towards Charitable Gratuities and Passage Money to sundry American Loyalists desirous of becoming Settlers in

24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being Upper Canada, and other Services, for the Use of the Three hundred and Thirty-five Days, and of the Charge said Settlement.

Further Charge of Ordnance.

Allowances for American ^ufferers.

of Accoutrements, &c. for the Augmentation to the Cavalry and Infantry.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty-one thousand and Seventy-nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the further Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1793.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-six thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Deficiency of That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Twenty- Grants* five thousand Three hundred Twenty-five Pounds Two Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants, for the Service of the Year 1792.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Africa* That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, Forts-be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing maintaining, and supporting, the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Af rica.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, British Mu-That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, 8eum'

For removing Black People to Sierra Leona.

For Provisions for the Highland Emigrants at &ova Scotia.

List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustor the Relief of American Civil Officers and others, ‘--- c ' 1t,‘ " ' ----- —

who have suffered on account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Six hundred and Forty-three Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, and William Chin* very, F,squires, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expences of removing of Black People to the Settlement of Sierra Leona.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred' and Eighty-six Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence, be

tees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr . Henry Hobart, according to Oder, reported Report \Va;s from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it and Means, was referred to consider farther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as fofloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Exchequer granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, Bills,

9 the

33 Geo. III.

18° Martii.

415

tU'j

flat!

*cf ‘

t.

:!o

'U?i.

ik.

Exchequer Bills,

Pay and

rlr.

3:d;

.G;-

tii,

1C.

the Sum of Two Millions be foisted by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bill's, if not dischargted, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1794, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it i§ thfe Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of Two Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the llext Session of Parliament; and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1794, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, cioathing of That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the the Militia. Militia in that Part of Great Britain called

for One Year, beginning the 25th Day of March 1793, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year 1793.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by die House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bdyham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

liopre- Mr. Solicitor General presented to the House, ac-not Traitor- cording to Order, a Bill more effectually to prevent, during the War, all Traitorous Correspondence with, pmeotei or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Arroooot of The House being informed that Mr. from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; Window Tax was ca^ed in; and, at the Bar, presented to the prorated. House, pursuant to their Order,

Aa Account of the Number of Houses that have been assessed to the Window Tax in England and Wales, since the 5th Day of January 1777, distinguishing the Number in each County and in each Year, stating the Periods at which the same have been ascertained.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House proceeded !to tkkie the said Report into further Cohsidteration.

And the First Resolution of the ComtAittfete being read a Second Time;

The House was moved, That the Minutes Of the Evidence taken before the said Select Committee, which were presented to the House upon the 2^d Day of February last, might beaghin teid.

And thfe sAriie being read accordingly;

The said Resolution was, upon tile (Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Hcu&.

The subsequent Resolution of the said Select Coni-mittee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, Agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Bill for prefer the prevfenting of Bribery And Corruption in the yenuog Blithe Election bf Members to serve in Parliament for gt^kbridg* the Borough of Stock'bridge, in the County of - Election or-

ampton: And that Mr. Edward James Eliot, Mr. John dered.

Pitt, thfe LoVd Weymouth, Lord George Thynn'e, Mr.

Western, Mr. Crosby, Mr. Altardyce, the Lord Parker,

the Lord Valletort, General A dearieMr. Currie, MV.

Salusbtiry, Colonel Macleod, Sir Francis Basset, arid

Mr. Burdon, de prepare, and bring in, the siirie.

Committee of Supply.

Estimate and

Accpunts

referred.

Expence bf repairing' Damages done to The Cobb at Lyme Regis.

Money issued to the Marquis of Salisbury.

To Mr. Cotton.

L

Report of Bribery at Stock bridge Election further considered.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Joseph Foster Barham, and George. Porter, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Vol. 48.

Ordered, That the Order of the bay, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being reaa accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence that will attend the Repair of the Damages done to The Cobb, dt Lyme Regis, by thfe violent Storms which happened on the 24th and 25th of January 1792; prepared by Cap-tairi Sutherland, of the Corps of Royal Engineers, by Order of His Grace the Master General, be referred to said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money Issued tb James Marquis df Salisbury, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, so pay Bills for Works dbne at thfe House of Common^, by Order of the Sptedker and Committee, bte referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account bf Mbnfey issued tb Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at thfe Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil LM Revenues, for the Purposes thereih mentioned, bfe referrfed to the said Committee.

Then the Housse rfeSolVefl itself Into thfe sdld Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took thfe Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him tb report, when the flousd Will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mbrr6W Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fot thfe House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, Means de-to consider further of Ways and Means for reusing the ferre<J-Supply granted to His Majesty, be noW read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself info the said Committee.

A MOtion being made, That the ingrossed Bid for King's Con-dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields,

Ings, Marshes, and' Common Pastures, and other Humber in Common and; Waste Lands' and Grounds, within the closure BUI. Lordship of Barton- Upon-Huiabtr, in the County of Lincoln, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's.

Command)

1

18° Marfxi.

A. 1793.

Barton upon Humber Inclosure Bill passed.

Idsal Inclosure Bill committed.

Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, Gateshead and near Loblcy Hill, in the Parish

having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, of Wickham, in the County of Durham, to Aldstone, in gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is the County of Cumberland, and a Branch from the said concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall Road, near Bryan's Leap, in the County of Durham, think fit to the Corbridge Turnpike Road, near Blackhedley, in

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time. the County of Northumberland, and another Branch

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title from the said Road at in the County of

be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Durham, to near the City of Durham; and

Open Fields, Ings, Marshes, and Common Pastures, Setting forth, That the computed Expence of making

and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Lordship of Barton upon Humber, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, allotting, and exchanging, Five Open Common Fields, commonly called Town Field, otherwise Pool Field, otherwise Drayton Field, the JVyke Field, the Church Field, otherwise Hayghton Field, Haughton Middle Field, otherwise nal Field, and the Upper Field, otherwise Nedge Field, in the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clive, the Lord Clive, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at. Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bethnal Green Pav-ing Bill re* ported.

Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving and repairing certain Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint Matlheio, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Old Cock Lane and Fork Street as are in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitant Housekeepers of the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed ,to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

that Part of the said Road from Lobley Hill to Aldstone aforesaid, lying between a Place called Burtry Ford, in the Parish of Stanhope, in the County of Durham, and Aldstone aforesaid, extending about Ten Miles and an Half in Length, amounts to l ,690, or there-

abouts, and that the Tolls proposed to be collected at a Gate, intended to be fixed at a Place called Nent Hall, for the Payment of the Interest of the said Sum,' and keeping the said Road in Repair, would prove very injurious to the Lead Mines with which that Country abounds; and that at a Meeting of the Persons interested in the said Undertaking, held on the 27th Day of February last, pursuant to Public Advertisements, it was resolved that a Petition should be presented to the House, in order to oppose such Part of the said Bill as relates to making the said Piece of Road lying between Burtry Ford and Aldstone aforesaid, and for limiting the Powers and Provisions of the said Bill to that Part of the said Road which lies between Lobley Hill and Burtry Ford aforesaid, with the several Branches therein described; and that such of the Subscriptions to the said Original Undertaking, as are intended to be withdrawn in consequence of such Alteration therein as aforesaid, will not amount to the above computed Expence of £.1,690, and, such of the said Subscribers, as are willing to continue their respective Subscriptions for making the said Part of the Road between Lobley Hill and Burtry Ford aforesaid, with the said Branches, have entered into a fresh Engagement for that Purpose, which said last mentioned Subscriptions will be fully adequate for carrying the said Undertaking into execution, agreeable to the Resolutions of the saitl Meeting: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

"E

in

5#

Million Bank A Bill to incorporate certain Persons, therein to be

Bill committed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the River Trent

Burton upon Trent and Fradlev

named, a Society for the Grant,. Purchase, and Sale of Navigation, at, or near, the JTown of Bitl p'm<T

for Three Months.

Annuities, for Lives, or for Terms of Years, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Petition for additional Provision to Loblcy Hill

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder wrritten, on behalf of themselves, and others, being Subscribers to, and otherwise interested and Aldstone, in> the Undertaking herein after mentioned, was pre-Ac. sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the

Bill for altering, raising, widening, repairing, and pre-

Roads BUI.

serving

the Road from the Turnpike Road between

and the Coventry Canal at Fradley Heath, in the County of Stafford;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second'lime;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question;

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words, " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

!> 00

j

So

Tellers for U,eY^^^:

Tellers for the Noes, gj1* jj££"rer'

Islington Baling Ground Bill committed.

Day appointed for receiving Report of Soweriiy Bridge and Cornbrook Caul Bill.

Lodgersball Flection ! Petition I coasidtred.

33 Geo. III. 18° — 19° Martii417

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the words "upon " this Day Three Months*' be added at the End of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 31.

fMr. |

Tellers for the Noes, < Mr. Mailman Trench > 30.

I: I

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, -being put, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {J£ . } 32.

Tellers for the Noes, fmcalUr, J.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart have Leave to make a Motion, it being Half an Hour after Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and

A Bill for enlarging the Church Yard, or Cemetery, of the Parish Church of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex, and for enabling certain Persons to accept a Conveyance of the Freehold and Inheritance in Fee Simple of a Piece of Copyhold Land, holden of the Manor of Canbury, otherwise in the County of Middlesex, for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Mairrwaring, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Colonel Egerton have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also, certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, was committed, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 19* die Martii;

Anno 33° Georgii III. H Regis, 1793. Prayers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of Nathaniel Newnham, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, being come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

Vol. 48.

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

.The House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and One hundred and Thirteen Members.being present;

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Ten Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the . Name of James Baillie, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioner.

And the Name of the Honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Thirty-nine other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Alexander Popham, Esquire, and Sir Charles Morgan, Baronet, were drawn, who, having sworn that they were Sixty Years of Age, or upwards, were excused from serving on the said Committee; and the Names of Thirty-seven other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Eleven on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Two against whose Election Petitions were depending; One as being a Petitioner complaining of an undue Election and Return; Seven as then serving on Select Committees; Fifteen on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees; and One on Account of his Return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in Fourteen Days.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

The Counsel and Agents being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the said Select Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of James Baillie, Esquire, and the Honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

The Honourable Henry Hobart, Charles Yorke, Esquire, Sir George Jackson, Baronet, Lord Viscount Slopford, Sir John Call, Baronet, Ewan Law, Esquire, Joshua Smith, Esquire, William Praed, Esquire, Charles Pierrepont, Esquire, William Egerton, Esquire, George Templer, Esquire, the Honourable Cropley Ashley, William Clive, Esquire, James Baillie, Esquire, the Honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of Nathaniel Newnham, Esquire, were sworn, by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers

5 O appointed

Ludgershall

Election

Committee

appointed.

appointed

Elections.

19® — 20®

A. 1793.

S'

for hearing the Trials of controverted

Ip

Consideration of Sud-

The Hour appointed for taking into Consideration bur -Ele ti ^e Petlt*on of William Smith, Esquire, complaining Petition0 ,n of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of deferred. Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker; and Seventy-eight Members only being present, Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the Day foe taking the said Petition into Consideration, and immediately adjourned the same till Tomorrow, Three of the Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the.House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercitrii, 20' die Martii;

Anno 33® Georgii IIItB Regis, 1793.

Pra yers.

THE Hour appointed for taking into Consideration the Petition of William Smith, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of , being

come;

The House proceeded to the Appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the Merits of the said Petition.

9

Sudbury

Election

Petition

considered.

Alverthorpe, and Thornes, in the Parish of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act King-s for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Norton and Worcester and Birmbigham Canal Navigation in the Stratford Parish of Kings Not'lon, into the Borough of Stratford camlm upon Avon, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Wadeohoe Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open inclosuie Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Bill-Grounds, in the Parish of Wadenhoe, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ludlow Act for paving the Foot Paths within the Borough of Paving, 4c. Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and for lighting, BiW\ watching, and otherwise improving the said Borough; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, rotitnled, An Act Speenham-for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the la»d and Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth YeaT of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High-' '" ways from Speenhamland, in the County of Berks, to Marlborough, in the County of Wilts, and several other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment;

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Roads leading, from the Town of Manchester, in the County of through the Town of Ashton under Lyne, and Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Saddleworth for making and maintaining a Road from, or nearly from, French Top, in the Parish of in the

West Riding of the County of York, to Brookhouses, in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby, and for

Manchester

and Salter's Brook Roads Bill.

Road Bill

The Serjeant at Arms was directed by Mr. Speaker repairing and altering the Road leading from, or nearly

/v/\ i-U TV /T /\ Ul An a /l 1 a J C /"'ll 11 1 I f _ 1 CY* 1 A . __

The Louis have agreed to

Indemnity

Bill.

Wakefield

inclosure

Bill.

to go, with the Mace, to the Places adjacent, and require the Attendance of the Members on the Business of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Fames and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields,

from, a Close called Copley Meadow, in Stayley, to, or near to, Stayley Bridge, in the County of Chester', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Lords establishing and confirming certain Articles of Agree- have passed

O O O TN f Iff |

ment entered into between the Duke of Marlborough and Lincoln College, Oxford-, to which the Lords desire the Agreement Concurrence of this House: And also. Bill.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Bill respect-prevent Acts of Parliament from taking Effect from a ing the Corn-Time prior to the passing* thereof; to which the Lords mfe"ctment desire the Concurrence of this House. 0 c

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Charles Yprke, from the Select Committee, Ludgershall who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of Election

com-

the Petition of Nathaniel Newnham, Esquire, plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, informed the House, That the said Select Committee have determined, .

That Samuel Smith, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Nathaniel Newnham, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also. That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Samuel Smith, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Town- Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said ship or Graveships of Wakefield, Stanley, Wrenthorpe, Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And

determined.

20® Ma.

m

And the said Determinations were ordered to be Counsel; and the Door of the House being opened, the entered in the Journals of this House. Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Jtportbm Crnasby Ikction Committee impeding tie ludispu-non of 11;. Master.

Hi

The Lord Arden reported from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable William Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Christopher Clayton, the Reverend William Smelle, and William Bell, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, on Behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, that the said Committee met this Morning, at Ten of the Clock, pursuant to their Adjournment of Yesterday, when the Committee received an Account from Thomas Master, Esquire (One of the Members of the said Select Committee) that, being very much indisposed, he was confined to his House, and unable to attend his Duty on the said Select Committee this Day; and that the said Select Committee then adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

And the House being informed that Mr. Blackett (Apothecary) attended at the Door, who could give the House Information, respecting the present state of Mr. Masters Health; he was called in; and, at the Bar, examined upon Oath, and acquainted the House, That he had attended Mr. Master this Morning, and found him much indisposed with a Pain in his Stomach and Bowels, which made it impossible for him to have attended the Committee this Day; and that he thought Mr. Master could not attend his Duty upon the said Select Committee Tomorrow, without great Danger to his Health.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Master, Esquire, be excused for his Non-attendance this Day on the said Select Committee; and that he have Leave to absent himself from any further Attendance on the said Select Committee.

Pr«eedingj Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, ®n Sadbtuy and One hundred and Twenty-five Members being present:

The Counsel and Agents were called in to the Bar.

And the Door of the House being locked;

The Order of the Day, for taking the said Petition into Consideration, was read.

And the Names of the Members were taken out of the Box (before prepared) put into Six Glasses, and drawn and read in the usual Manner.

And the Names of Twenty-five Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

And the Name of the Lord being draw n,

he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Petitioner.

And the Name of the Honourable Major Maitland being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the Counsel for the Sitting Member.

And the Names of Twenty-four other Members, then present, were drawn, who were not objected to.

Note, That in the Course of drawing the said Names, the Names of Forty-one other Members, then present, were drawn, and set aside; Eleven on Account of their being Sixty Years of Age, or upwards (before sworn); Three against whose Election Petitions were depending; One as being a Petitioner complaining of an undue Election and Return; Ten as then serving on Select Committees; and Sixteen on Account of having, in this Session, served on Select Committees.

And the whole Number of Forty-nine Names being complete, Lists of the said Names were delivered to the Vot. 48.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Knaresbo-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the rou6h Wnt. electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County of Yotfi, in the room of the Right honourable Frederick Ponsonby, commonly called Lord Viscount Duncannon, now Baron Ponsonby, called up to the House of Peers.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Vagabonds, Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a fec- Bill cleJ Committee of the whole House, upon Friday next, ferred-upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend, and make " more effectual, the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to " Houses of Correction," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Eau Brink Friday last, for reading a Second Time, upon Monday and King's next, the Bill for improving the "*Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the great Level of the Fens f^ed. called Bedford Level, the Low Lands near to, or adjoining, the said Levels, and also the Lands adjoining, or near, the River Ouxe, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of WiggenhallSaint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Fourth Bedford Cha-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, r,ty Rlu " An Act for enlarging the Charitable Uses, extend- comirU,e " ing the Objects, and regulating the Application of " the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir " William Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife,

" for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of " Charity, of the Town of Bedford," and for the better Management and Disposition of the said Estates, and the Rents and Profits thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Col-houn, Mr. Whitbread, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Honeyxcood presented to the House, according to Ashford and Order, a Bill for amending, improving, and keeping in Stock bridge Repair, the Road from the North End of Marsh Lane, Road Rl1! in Ashford, in the County of Kent, to the End of the pwsen e ‘ Parish of Orlestone, near Stockbridge, in in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Honywood do make the Report whitstable from the Committee, to whom the Bill for incorpo- Oyster Fishrating the Company of Free Fishers and Dredgers of ery B'u re‘ Whitstable, in the County of Kent, and for the better porte ' ordering and Government of the Fishery, was committed.

Mr. Honywood accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the

Allegations

20* Martii.

A. 1793.

Allegations of the Bill, and found the sache to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

St. Luke's A Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Twenty-watchin &BU1 ®event^ Year of the Reign of King George the Second, committed, intituled, "An Act for the better enlightening and " cleansing the Open Places, Squares, Streets Lanes, " Alleys, Passages, and Courts within the Parish of " Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels, and for repairing the Highways within the said Parish," and for granting other Powers for the better lighting, cleansing, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Places within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. taring, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

South Hot- A Bill for draining, preserving, and improving, cer-age^BH|Uln' ^tin ^ant^s lying in the several Parishes of Spalding committed, (including the Hamlets of and Peakill) Weston,

Moulton, Whapload, Holbeach, , Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County of >

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, the Lord Eardley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ztrnitz's Nat. Bill pasted.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Frederic Zemitz, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Frederic Cyriac Zemitz.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Newcastle Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, under Lyne, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of RoadsPBUIC Ywo Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the Fifth reported. Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Lyne to Hassop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton, and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the County of Stafford, and the other passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for amending several other Roads therein described, was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by / the House.

ingrossed,

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, Sutton ColJ to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of |*,d RnadJ an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Bl His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue " the Term, and vary the Powers, of so much of an " Act, made in the Twenty.first Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton " Coldfield Common, and several other Roads therein " described, in the County of Stafford, as relates to the " Wolverhampton District of Roads," was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the ji

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made seve- i

ral Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed it

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, to whom Little Bow-

the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the «l*nand Foot of a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Little Bow-den, in the County of Northampton, commonly called reported. Saint Marys Bridge, to the West Side of the Toll Bar 2

at the North End of the Town of Rockingham, in the 3

said County, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- >

unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Milbanke reported from the Committee, to whom Cockerton the Bill for repairing the High Road leading from ^«n* Cockerton Bridge, near Darlington, in the County of jjiUPreporteA Durham, to Staindrop, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b4 ingrossed.

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the said Canal Navigation, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they

had

Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation Bill reported and re-committed.

20° Ma.

421

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clejk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Rwom- Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, to mtttd whom the Report was re-committed which was made falM- fr°ai the Committee, to whom the Petition of the se-tim to Sal- veral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, M, Wu- being Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His pre-itjwtedl sent Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth " Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for " repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and " from the Towns of Salfoi'd, Bolton, and

" Wigan, and to certain Places, called The Broad Oak * in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the County Pala-

" tine of Lancaster, for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and " also, for making, altering, and widening, the Road " from a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to " croft Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, " to Dawson Lane End, and also, from Bridge,

" over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said " County," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that Notices had been duly given, conformably to the Standing Orders of the House relative to Turnpike Bills, of the Intention to apply to Parliament for a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said former Act, and that such Notices were sufficient for the present Application, it being only to repeal the former Act, and grant other Powers instead thereof, for the Purpose of carrying into Effect, in a more convenient Mode, the Objects of the former Application; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. James Cooke being examined, said, That a Bill is depending in this Honourable House, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the before-mentioned Act, and that he conceives it would be the Means of facilitating the Execution of the intended Act, if the Powers contained in the former Act were repealed, and all the Powers requisite for the duly amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads, were comprized in One Act of Parliament.

Order for The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Wford, the nth Day o i February last, " That Leave be given &cToa°dT' " *° bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Eiliducharg- " of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the ed, and " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

another Bill " for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth ordered. a year of Reign of King George the Second,

" for repairing and widening certain Roads leading " to and from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, " Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called The "Broad Oak in Worsley, and Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for making more " effectual Provision for repairing and widening the " said Roads, and also, for making, altering, and " widening the Road from a Place called South Sea, " in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence, " through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Latte End, and also Vol. 48.

" from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton. " Brook, in the said County," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year ' of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,

" An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twentysixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second,

" for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to " and from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton and Wigan, and to certain Places, called The " Broad Oak in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, in the " County Palatine of Lancaster, for making more " effectual Provision for repairing and widening the " said Roads, and also, for making, altering, and widen-u ing, the Road from a Place called South Sea, in " Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence, " through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also, ‘‘ from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton " Brook, in the said County," and for making more effectual Provision for the Improvement, Repair, and Maintenance of the said Roads: And that Mr. Black-bume and Mr.* Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for separating the Chapels of Bill to sepa-Chorley and Rujford from the Parish of Croston, in the te llie County of Lancaster, and for making them Two chrrlevan.l distinct Parish Churches, was read the Third Time. Ruftbrd from

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the the Parish of Title be. An Act for separating the Chapels of Chor- Croston, ley and Rufford from the Parish of Croston, in the Pass*d*

County of Lancaster, and for making them 'Two distinct Parish Churches.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Heatlicotc reported from the Committee, Southampton to whom the Bill for amending and enlarging the ^urch Bill Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for taking down and re-building the Parish " Church of All Saints, within the Town and County " of the Town of Southampton, and for purchasing '* Land for the Purpose of a Church Yard for the Use " of the said Parish," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterw'ards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to F^ry whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road. \yejgi, tonet from Selby Ferry, in the Parish of Hemingborough, to the Road Bill re-

Town of Market Weighton, in the East Riding of the ported. County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

5 P severally

20° Martii.

A. 179&

undBrcntford Canal reported.

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

and Abber- Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

ford Road whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering

Bill reported, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Abberford, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

EaijofBerke- Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom i»r varying'1 t^ie Petition of Frederick Augustus Earl of Berkeley was the Line of referred; That the Committee had examined the Mat-the Lramistou ter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee find, that the said Petition prays. That the Line of the Canal from Braunston to New Brentford may be varied, by carrying the same from an Orchard belonging to Fysh De Burgh, Esquire, in the Occupation of Joseph Allen, adjoining to the Public Highway in the Parish of Hillingdon, in the County of Middlesex, to a Brook called Bull Bridge in

the Parish of Hayes, in the said County.

And your Committee further find, That all the Owners of the Lands into which such Variation will extend have given their Consent, except Two Persons, and that the whole Length of the Deviation is near Three Miles, and that the said Line being shorter than that first proposed, will be more convenient to the Public, and will not pass through any other Parishes than those comprized in the Notices of the Application for the present Bill; and that, although the making such Variation will be attended with some additional Expence to the Subscribers, they are willing the same should be made.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, is re-committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for varying the Line of the said Canal, by carrying the same from an Orchard belonging to Fysh De Burgh, Esquire, in the Occupation of Joseph Allen, adjoining to the Public Highway in the Parish of Hillingdon, in the County of Middlesex, to Bull Bridge Brookin the Parish of in the same County.

Additional Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom Petition to the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of Wharfs 1Jr""nst0" and Warehouses in Brentford, in the County of c°nufclllre- ies>was referred; that the Committee had examined ported. the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee find, that the said Petition prays, That the Line of the said Canal may be varied so as to carry the same from Brentford, Bridge along, the Course of the River Brent, and the Eastern Branch thereof, to the River Thames, at the Junction thereof with the River Brent.

And your Committee further find, That all the Owners of the Lands into which such Variation will extend, have given their Consent thereto, and that the said Line will be equally convenient to the Public, and will not go through any other Parishes than those comprized in the Notices of the Application for the present Bill, except the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex, and that Notice of such intended Line was stuck up and continued upon the Doors of the Churches of Ealing, Isleworth, and Old Brentford, and the Chapel of New Brentford, from Sunday the 3d to Sunday the 1 oth Day of this Instant March, and that Notice, by Advertisement, was given in The London Gazette, of the 9th and 12th Instant, and in The Daily Advertiser, of the 6th, 7th, and 8th Instant, and also in The Sun, of the 6th, 7th, and 9th Instant; and that, although the making such Variation may be attended with some additional Expence, the Subscribers to the Undertaking are willing the same should be made.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal is re-committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for varying the Line of the said Canal, so as to carry the same from Brentford Bridge, along the Course of the River Brent, and the Eastern Branch thereof, to the River Thames at the Junction thereof with the River Brent, in the Parish of Ealing, in the County of Middlesex.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Castlethorpe, in the County of

Buckingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Praed, the Marquis of Titchfield, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Shopkeepers, Land Owners, and others, Inhabitants of Manchester, and of the several other Trading Towns in the Vicinity thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, as a Bill is now depending in the House for the Establishment of a Canal from Manchester, through Rochdale, to Sowerby, and which is intended to communicate with his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater's Canal at, or near, Manchester aforesaid, the Petitioners beg Leave to observe, that such Communication cannot be commodious, or of any considerable Utility, unless it is free and uninterrupted, and, for that Purpose (which is necessary to facilitate Carriage, and prevent the Delays and Damages otherwise arising) it is evident that the said intended Canal must be capable of admitting Vessels of, at least, Fourteen Feet wide and Forty Tons Burthen; and therefore soliciting the Attention of the House to the important Object before stated, and that such Measures for securing the same may be adopted as in the Discretion of the House shall seem expedient, and also that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, in respect to the Necessity thereof.

Ordered,

Castlethorpe Inclosure Bill committed.

Petition from

Manchester

respecting

Sowerby

Bridge and

Cornbrook

Canal Bill.

20° Ma,

423

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Soxverby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of,

in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, is committed.

Mtoy The Counsel and Agents before-mentioned being returned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend aypoiated. sa'^ Committee delivered in to the House One of the said Lists, which had been struck by the said Counsel in his Presence, together with a new List of the Names of the Thirteen Members then remaining unstruck; to which last mentioned List the Names of the Lord Muncastei', and the Honourable Major Maitland, being added, the same was called over; and is as follows:

Sir Michael le Fleming, Baronet, John Harcourt, Esquire, Richard Slater Milnes, Esquire, Paul Esquire, Sir George Jackson, Baronet, William Colhoun, Esquire, Charles Callis Western, Esquire, Robert Salisbury, Esquire, Filmer Esquire, George

! Vansitlart, Esquire, George Porter, Esquire, Francis Annesley, Esquire, Joshua Smith, Esquire, the Lord Muncaster, the Honourable Major Maitland.

And the said Fifteen Members, being the Select Committee for trying the Merits of the said Petition of William Smith, Esquire, were sworn by the Clerk at the Table, in the usual Manner.

And thereupon the Counsel and Agents withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Select Committee do meet forthwith, in One of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the Trials of controverted Elections.

air

ifc

tc:

tin

lit

I®Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, to whom iitite it was referred to consider of the Report which, upon touching tie Friday last, was made from tire Select Committee, ap-imstof pointed to try and determine the Merits of the Peti-Jlr.Petrie. tj0Q of Samuel Petrie, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Inhabitants possessing Houses within the Borough of Crick lade, in the County of Wilts, who, by immemorial Custom and Usage, have a Right to vote at all Elections for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, and which Committee were directed to enquire into the Matters contained in the Report made from the said Select Committee, and to examine Precedents relating thereto, and report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; that the Committee had examined the Matters to them referred, and had searched Precedents for that Purpose, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followed; viz.

Your Committee having, in Obedience to the Commands of the House, carefully examined the whole of the Matter referred to them, beg Leave to report; That they find by the Examination of Mr. Thomas Wright, an Officer of the Sheriff of Middlesex, who appeared before this Committee, and was examined, That he had had Two Warrants against the j said Samuel Petrie, Esquire, for some Time in his j Possession, previous to the Arrest herein after mentioned, one of which Warrants had been granted by

Ithe said Sheriff, in pursuance of a Writ issued out of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, at the Suit of William Williams, for 3451. 1 6d.

and upwards, which Warrant was dated the 6th Day of March 1793; and the other of which Warrants had been granted by the said Sheriff in pursuance of a Writ issued out of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, at the Suit of James Palmer, for 6501, and upwards, w'hich Warrant was dated the 5th Day of March 1793; and that Mr. Jaynes , the Plain-

tiff in One of the Actions before-mentioned, called upon the Witness on Thursday, the 14th Day of this Instant March, about Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, and desired the Witness to go with him to arrest Mr. Petrie, whoqi he w'ould point out to the Witness,

That the Witness, thinking it his Duty to do so, accordingly went with Mr. Palmer on the same Day, and was introduced by him to Mr. Petrie, at N° 22, in Pall Mall (which House the Witness then understood, and now believes, to have been the Place of Residence of the said Mr. Petrie) about Five Minutes past Four of the Clock in the Afternoon; whereupon Mr. Petrie shewed the Witness a Notice, signed by the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, and also an Order of the House of Commons, signed by John Halsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, requiring the said Mr. Petrie to attend the House, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, on Tuesday the 12th Day of this Instant March, at the Time when the Petition, complaining of an undun Election and Return for the Borough of was ordered to be taken into Consideration; by virtue of which Notice and Order, Mr. Petrie claimed the Privilege of Exemption from Arrest. The Witness desired to observe to the Committee, that as it was not mentioned in those Papers, that Mr. Petrie was required to attend on any other Day than the said 12th Day of March, the Witness did not think that he should be justified in not making the Arrest; but thought himself bound to attend the Select Committee on the next Morning to inform them of it, which lie accordingly did.

The Witness said, That he did thereupon, at the Time and Place aforesaid, arrest the said Mr. Petrie, and has him still in his Custody under the said Arrest, by virtue of the Two several Warrants before mentioned; and that there are several other Detainers in the said Sheriff's Office against Mr. Petrie, to the Amount in the whole of 402 /. and upwards, exclusive of the Two several Sums contained in the Warrants before-rmentioned.

A Member present (being a Member of the said Select Committee) informed your Committee, That the said Select Committee met for the first Time to do business, on Wednesday the 13th Day of this Instant March, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and having sat till Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the same Day, adjourned till the next Morning, Thursday, at Ten of the Clock, at which Time the said Select Committee met, and then continued to sit till Half an Hour past One of the Clock in the Afternoon, w hen they adjourned till Friday Morning, Ten of the Clock; such Adjournment having been made at the Application of Mr. Petrie, on account of the Absence of Two material Witnesses, whose Names he delivered in, and who had been summoned, but were not yet come to Town.

The said Member further informed your Committee, That Mr. Petrie, the Petitioner, attended the said Select Committee during the whole Time of their sitting on the Wednesday and Thursday, as a Party in the Cause, and did besides, in all Respects, act as his ow n Agent in the Course of the Cause, in assisting his Counsel, and furnishing them with Instructions; and that although he did deliver in to the Clerk of the said Select Committee, in the usual Manner, the Name of Mr. Sleigh, as the Agent for his Petition, yet that the said Agent was present only for a very short Time,

Privilege A rrest of Mr. Petrie.

424 20° Martii . 1795.

and did not appear to take any Part in the Conduct of the Cause, the whole being managed by Mr. Petrie himself as the only effectual Agent.

Your Committee have also, according to the Order of the House, examined the Precedents of various Cases entered in the Journals of the House, respecting the Subject referred to them.

By these Cases, some of which are contained in an Appendix to this Report, it appears that the House have from the earliest Times, exercised the Right of giving the Protection and Privilege of the House, to the several Persons who were ordered to attend the House, or its Committees, or who, either on private or public Concerns, were attending the Service or the Business of the House; and that, in many of such Cases, the House have given Orders that such Persons, having been arrested by Process from the Courts of law, should be delivered out of Custody. But your Committee, in the Course of their Enquiry into the Subject referred to them, having found it connected with several Circumstances of the highest Importance to the Privileges of the House, have not presumed to give an Opinion thereon, but desire to submit the whole Matter to the Wisdom of the House.

APPENDIX.

Journal, Vol. I. Page 766.

Mercurij, 14 1624.

The Master of the Felt Makers, that came to prefer a Bill into this House, taken by a Serjeant, and committed to the Fleet; 2,000 I. Bond offered, but not accepted.

The Committee for Courts of Justice to examine -this, and report it to the House, at their next Sitting.

Journal, Vol. I. Page 702,

Mercurij, 12' May, 22* Jacobi, 1624.

A Petition from the Felt Makers read.

Ordered, The Felt Makers imprisoned in the Fleete, shall be presently enlarged by the Warden of the Fleete, for Prosecution of their Bill, till the same be determined by both Houses: And the Committee for Privileges to take into their Consideration, whether any the former Proceedings, in arresting the Felt Makers, during their Attendance upon this Court, have impeached their Privilege of this House, and to make Report thereof to the House.

Journal, Vol. I. Page 863.

Mercurij, 240 Maij, 2* Regis, 1626.

Upon Sir Nath. Rich' Report from the Committee for Courts of Justice, Ordered, Jo. shall be sent

for to testify; and to have Privilege for coming, staying, and returning.

Journal, Vol. I. Page 921.

Jovis, 22* January, 4" Caroli, 1628.

L. 1*. An Act for the reversal of a Decree in Chancery, made between Sir Arnold Herberte, Knight, and others. Plaintiffs, and L Peter Bland, and James Milles, Esquires, and other Defendants; and for the Assurance of certain Manors, &c. unto riie said Lawr. Lownes, and his Heirs.

Lownesto have Privilege of Parliament for Prosecution of his Bill.

All the Counsel, underwritten to the Petition (except Mr. Serjeant Finchj and the Solicitors, there named, assigned him.

Journal, Vol. I. Page 924.

Jovis, 29 January, 1628.

L. 1. An Act for Reversal of a Decree in the Court of Wards and Liveries, against John Esquire,

concerning, and for the Assurance of, certain Manors in the County of Yorke.

Mr. Estojrtc to have Privilege of Parliament, and

such Counsel and Solicitors assigned him, as desired in his Petition.

Journal, Vol. II. Page 72.

Die Sabbati, 230 Jan. 1640.

Ordered, That Rich. Butler, and Arth. Keoenogh, his Servant, who has a Petition depending before the Grand Committee for Irish Affairs, shall have Liberty to come and go freely to prosecute their Petition, without Molestation, Arrest, or Restraint, and that there be a Stay of committing any Waste, in the Felling of any Woods, or any other Waste whatsoever, upon the Lands mentioned in the Petition, during the Dependency of the Business here.

The like Order for Liberty of Prosecution, and for Stay to be made of any Waste to be committed upon the Lands mentioned in their Petition, was granted to Patrick Murphy and John Jones.

It is likewise Ordered, That Sir Piers Crosby, who has a Business likewise depending before the Grand Committee for Irish Affairs, shall have free Liberty to go and come to prosecute his Petition here, without any Molestation or Restraint during the Time of the De-< pendency of his Business here.

Journal, Vol. VIII. Page 93.

Thursday, July 19th 1

The House being informed, that Sir Christopher Clapham, a Member of this House, hath been served with a Subpaena out of Chancery, at the Suit of Markham, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That & Markham be sent for in Custody by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Journal, Vol. VIII. Page 525.

Jovis, 16" dieJulii, 150 Car. 2*, 1663.

Upon Information that Mr. Clement Oxenbridge, be ing summoned as a Witness to attend the Committee of the Revenue, was, whilst he w'as attending the said Committee, arrested, at the Suit of Mrs. Hampden, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, and is still detained in Custody;

Resolved, That Mr. Clement Oxenbridge shall have Privilege allowed him: And that he be discharged of the Arrest and Imprisonment at the Suit of Mrs. Hampden.

Journal, Vol. IX. Page 20.

Die Jovis, 14° Novembris, 1667.

A Complaint being made of a Breach of Privilege, in arresting, and detaining in Custody, one William Bateman, that should attend the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to give his Testimony, touching the Elections for the Town of Haverfordwest;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of Breach of Privileges; and that the Officer, in whose Custody the said William Bateman is, do bring the said Bateman to attend the Committee of Privileges and Elections, at their next Sitting.

r. Journal,

33 Geo. lit. SO0 Mart'll 425

Journal, Vol. IX: Page 366*

Martis, 2* die Novembris, 1675:

information being given to the House, That one William Berty, who is a material Witness for Sir Hugh Ackland, in a Cause concerning the Election for the Borough of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, being in Debt, and in Danger of Arrests, unless he have the Protection of this House;

Ordered, That William Berry shall have the ProA tection of this House, in coming up, staying, and retaming, in order to give his Testimony before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, in a Cause between Sir Hugh Ackland and Mr. Foote, concerning the Election for the Borough of Tiverton.

Journal, Vol. IX. Page 472.

Jam, 2* die Mail, 1678.

The House being informed, That Mr. John Gardener, Solicitor in the Cause concerning Level, was

this Day arrested, as he was coming to attend on the House;

Ordered, That the Privilege of this House be allowed to the said Mr. John Gardener: And that he be discharged from his Arrest.

Journal, Vol. X. Page 605.

Veneris, i# die Januarii, 3* Gulielmi et Maria, 1691.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House with Two Letters, which he had received from Wm Fuller in the King's Bench, the one dated the Fifteenth of December, the other dated this First of January: Which were read; and also another of the same Date, which was delivered in by Mr. Arnold.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Fuller have the Protection of this House from all Violence, in his attending upon and returning from the House.

Journal, Vol. X, Page 681.

Sabbati, 20* die Februarii, 4* Gulielmi et Maria, 1691.

Mr. Speaker acquaints the House, That he had received a Letter from Mr. Fuller, in the King's Bench, dated the Nineteenth February Instant, desiring, That an Order of this House may be granted for him, and the Gentlemen he formerly mentioned, to attend this House.

Which Letter was read.

Ordered, That the Marshal of the King's Bench do bring Mr. Fuller to the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Persons mentioned by Mr. Fuller, do then also attend with Mr. Fuller: And that they be under the Protection of this Hous,e.

Journal, Vol. XII. Page 364.

Mercurii,21® die Decembris, 10 Tertii, 1698.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Wn Woollaston, a Witness at the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon Monday last, was arrested, as he went from the said Committee, by one Leicester, and his Follower, who still detain him in their Custody; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Leicester, and his Follower, do attend the House Tomorrow Morning, and bring with them the said William Woollaston.

Journal, Vol. XII. Page 610.

Jovis, 23* die Martii, Undecimo Gulielmi 3*a, 1698.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Pearse a Surgeon, being summoned to attend the Vol. 48.

Committee to Whom the Petition of privilege —

Was committed, de die in diem, he had been arrested by Arrest of Thomas Brnyer, and $ Haniond, his Yeoman, at the Mr. PetAe. Suit of one Langford; and that, although, the said Pearse had shewed the Officers the Order for hid attending the Committee, and the Officer hath been since desired to discharge the said Pearse, yet he hath refused to discharge hkn;

Ordered, That the said Longford, Bower, and Hamondi do attend this House, with the said Pearse, Tomorrow Morning;

Journal, Vol. XII. Page 619.

Martis, 28* die Martii, Undecimo Gulielmi 3'", 1699:

A Complaint being madp to the House, Tha

Agent Richard Roberts, being summoned to attend the Committee to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment was referred, had, on Monday last, been taken in Execution, at the Suit of Antony Morris, by Stephen Morris, Attorney; and John Bruame, Bailiff, in Breach of the Privilege of this House; J

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Journal* Vol. XII. Page 627.

Sabbati, l®die Aprilis, Undecimo Gulielmi 3'", 169CJ.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one John Stanton, being summoned to attend the Committee to whom the Petition of Roily is referred, he was arrested by # Randall, a Bailiff, at the Suit of Pargiter, Goldsmith, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the same, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Journal, Vol. XIII. Page 512.

Sabbati, 3® die Mail, 13® WiUielmi, Anno 1701.

Resolved, That the Countess of Anglesey, during the Time of the Bill relating to her, depending in thiS House have the Protection of this House for prosecuting of the same.

Journal, Vol. XXIV. Page 170.

Veneris, 9® die Aprilis, Anno 15® Georgii Regis, 1742.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr; Gilbert Douglas, a Solicitor for several Bills depending in this House, was, upon Monday last, arrested as he was attending this House;

And the Journal of the House of the 2d Day of May 1678 (in relation to the Allowance of the Privilege of this House to Mr. John Gardner, Solicitor in the Cause concerning Lyndsey Level, who was arrested as he was coming to attend on the House) being read;

And a Witness being called in, and examined, in order to prove that the said Mr. Gilbert Douglas was so arrested;

And the House being informed, by several of their Members, that he did that Day attend on the House, as Solicitor for several Bills then depending;

Ordered, That the Privilege of this House be allowed to the said Mr. Gilbert Douglas; and that he be discharged from his Arrest.

§ Q journal,

Privilege — . Arrest of Mr. Petrie*

Journal, Vol. XXVI. Page 797.

Juna, 30° die Aprilis, Anno 26* Georgii 2" Regis, 1753.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. Christopher Picard, Solicitor for a Bill now depending in this House, was, upon Saturday last, arrested, and now remains in Custody;

And a Witness being called in, and examined, in order to prove that the said Mr. Christopher Picard was so arrested;

And the House being informed by a Member, That the said Mr. Chi'istopher Picard is employed as Solicitor for the said Bill;

And the Journal of the House, of the 9th Day of April 1742 (in relation to the Allowance of the Privilege of this House to Mr. Gilbert a Soli-

citor for several Bills then depending in the House, who was arrested as he was attending the House; being read;

Ordered, That the Privilege of this House be allowed to the said Mr. Christopher Picard; and that he be discharged from his Arrest.

Journal, Vol. XXVII. Page 447.

jovis,12* dieFebruarii, Anno 29 2ilRegis, 1756.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. Gilbert Douglas, a Solicitor for a Bill depending in this House, was Yesterday arrested, and now remains in Custody;

And a Witness being called in, and examined; in order to prove that the said Mr. Gilbert Douglas was so arrested;

And another Witness being called in, and examined, and having informed the House, that the said Mr. Gilbert Douglas did,. Yesterday, attend on the House, as Solicitor for a Bill now depending;

Ordered, That the Privilege of this House be allowed to the said Mr. Gilbert Douglas; and that he be discharged from his Arrest.

Journal, VoL XXVII. Page 537.

Luna, 22* dieMartii, Anno 29° Georgii 2il 1756.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. Gilbert Douglass, a Solicitor employed in carrying on au Application, now depending before the House, had been arrested, and now remains in Custody.

And a Witness being examined, in order to prove that the said Mr. Gilbert Douglass was so employed, and had been arrested in coming to the House;

Ordered, That the Privilege of this House be allowed to the said Mr. Gilbert Douglass; and that he be discharged from his Arrest.

Journal, Vol. XXVII. Page 548.

Lima, 29° dieMartii, Anno 29° Georgii 2il Regis, 1756.

A Petition of Richard Gough Aubrey, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read, alledging. That the Petitioner hath a Bill depending in this House, for vesting his Estates in the Counties of Brecon, Glamorgan, and Carmarthen, in Trustees, to raise Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same; and that the Petitioner, being indebted to divers Persons in considerable Sums of Money, is in Danger of being arrested for such Debts before the said Bill can pass into a Law: And therefore praying the Protection of the House, during the Dependence of the said Bill therein.

Ordered, That the Protection of this House be allowed to the said Richard Gough Aubrey, Esquire, during the Dependence of his said Bill in this House.

a. ms.

Journal, Vol. XXVltl. Pagfe 244.

Jervis, 11° die Maii, Anno 31° Georgii 2" Regis, 1758.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Jour- ,

hal of the House, of the 3d Day of May 1701, relating |

to the Countess of Anglesey & having the Protection of this House, during the Time the Bill relating to her was depending in this House, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That the Countess Ferrers, during the Time the Bill relating to her Ladyship is depending in this House, have the Protection of this House for the prosecuting of the said Bill.

Journal, Vol. XXXIX. Page 83.

Veneris, 24* diejanuarii, Anno 23° Georgii 3'" Regis, 1783.

The Earl of Surrey reported from the Committee, who were' appointed to examine the Matter of the Complaint of the Breach of Privilege set forth in the Petition of Samuel Petrie, Esquire, and to search for Precedents of Persons taken in Execution, and in Custody, who have been Petitioners claiming a Seat as Members of this House, and desiring to be allowed the Privilege of this House to be delivered out of such Custody, and to report the same to the House; That the Committee had examined the Journals accordingly; and had directed him to make a Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the Journals, and find many Precedents where the Privilege of the House of Commons has been allowed to Members taken in Execution, and in Custody for Debt; the greater Part of which are recited in the Reports made upon the 15th of November and the 16th of December 1707, from the Committee appointed to examine the Matter of the Complaint of Mr. Asgill, then a Member of the House, and to search Precedents, what had been done for the Discharge of any Members upon Execution and Mesne Process. — But your Committee, upon the most accurate Search, have not been able to find any Precedent, where a Person, being a Petitioner, and claiming a Seat as Member of this House, has at any Time desired to be allowed the Privilege of the House, upon any Account whatever; much less do your Committee find any Instance of the Privilege of this House being granted by the House to Persons under that Description.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing Delays of " Justice, by reason of Privilege of Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the

Table.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further preventing Delays of " Justice by reasdn of Privilege of Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the said Samuel Mr. Petri* Petrie, Esquire, be discharged out of the Custody of t'riJ1rNl1,1 lf the Sheriff of Middlesex. discha,£etl

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Heport Sup-the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider P1'-further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said

Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee

had

SO" Marin.

33 Geo. III. 20® Martin 42?.

had directed him 'to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; vie.

brfcks Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, b«for That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Four hun-BMventi- (jre(j an(j Tifty-three Pounds Skteen Shillings and Snjthe l'0Ul' Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, It*. to make good the like Sum issued to James Marquis of Salisbury, Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to enable him to pay Bills for Works done at the House of Commons, i by Order of the Speaker and Committee, for the better ventilating and warming the said House.

Ls*®- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, tdiiad in the That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Four hun-itrvnlbni ^ted and Twenty Pounds Three Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, to reimburse to sundry Persons who carried on the Whale Fishery in Nova Scotia, and who arrived at Milford Haven, in order to settle in this Kingdom, the Losses sustained by them in Consequence of the Sale of their Property by such Removal, and for their Passage.

For if paring Reolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ws That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Eight hun-IkWht and Two Pounds -Five Shillings, be granted to1 ImBtgis. His Majesty, for defraying the Expence that will attend the Repair of the Damages done to The Cobb, at Lyme Regis, by the violent Storms which happened on the 24th and 25th of January 1792.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill to amend to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh Act relative and Eighth Years of King William the Thirds inti- Time and* of tuled, " An Act for the further regulating Elections place of " of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the Elections*

" preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and 0ldfcred*

" other Officers in the electing and returning such " Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election: And that Mr. Charles Yorke, Sir Roger Mostyn, Mr. Pochin, Mr.

Gascoyne, Sir Alexander Hood, Sir Geo Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr. Rashleigh, Mr. Rose, Mr. Benyon,

Mr. Johnstone Vanden Bampde, Sir Edward Knatchbull,

Colonel Lennox, Colonel Macleod, and Mr. Pybus, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on' Bank Porto consider further of the Bill for the better preventing Senes Bl11, Forgeries and Frauds in the Transfers of the several Funds transferrable at the Bank of England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee*

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mfcrpre- Mr. Edward James Eliot presented to the House, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and lent*'1 according to Order, a Bill for the preventing of Bri- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means defer-

IStekbridge tery and Corruption in the Election of Members to to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the r-

fictionpre- serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read,

total. the County of Southampton: And the same was received; And the said Order being read accordingly;

and read the First Time. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, the nth Day of Mr presented to the House, accord- Militia Pay

dprilnext ing to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Bill present-Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great ed-

Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the ifWeon A Motion being made, That Leave be given to Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hun-iotionfora bring in a Bill to incapacitate W'tUiam Bern, John dred and Ninety-three: And the same was received;

frnsw Horner, William Horner, James Cooper, William Eles, and read the First Time.

wtleclots Wilburn Thomas, Thomas Hamer, John Halbert, John Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, sinck- Hulbert, Sen ior, James Gorned, George Woodford, Thomas

twad- Major, John Abbot, Thomas Mabberley, William Beau- Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- Bill forrais-mont, John Goddard, John Bern, Senior, Joseph Ni- ing to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Mo- >"ga Sunj . (holes, Benjamin Rogers, Charles Stanbridge, Thomas ney, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of cheq'uer Bills Cooper, John Elton, Senior, William Elton, Richard the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety- presented.

Geary, John Venlham, WillianBriant, Edward Hayter, three: And the same was received; and read the First

William Cooper, Charles Blunden, John Woodley, Robert Time.

Gatehouse, William Tot/ge, John Hulbert, Senior, Charles Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

1 Salter, John Pitber, Job Darnford, John Boscall, William

Tibbie, Hugh Goddard, Edward Bartley, Hugh Cooper, Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- Bill for rais-John Saunders, John Edmonds, James Harris, Thomas ing to Order, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Mo- ing a further Haines, John Ellon, Senior, James Elton, Josiah James, ney, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of £oMsorF.\-Joseph Coles, John Arlett, William Haines, George Sains- the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety- chequer Bills bury, Edward Wigg, William SpencetWilliam Stacey, three: And the same was received; and read the First presented. William Halbert, Samuel Cole, William Hayter, George Time.

Reekes, Solomon Bedford, Thomas Miller, John Brixey, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, and John Tuttle, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County Ordered, That 4he Order of the Day, for the Se- (JrderforSe-

of Southampton, from voting hereafter at Elections of cond Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining Members to serve in Parliament; a Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the £ zouch Ca-

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; County of Leicester, to join and -communicate with nal Bill read.

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday the Coventry Canal, at or near Griff, in the Lord-Morning next. ship of Chilvers Coton, in the County of Warwick, and

Vol. 48. also

20° Marti.

A. 179.1.

petitions in lavour of Ashby <le la Zouch Canal Bill.

also certiftn Cuts or Branches from the said intended Canal be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the Town of Bridgnorth, in the County of ,whose Common heal is thereunto affixed, and of several Burgesses and other Inhabitants of the said Town, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Nun Eaton, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunto Subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying, That the same may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That fce said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

" now. Words

and at the End

:t upon this Day That the Word

1

52-

30-

Ashby de la Zouch Canal Bill committed.

Petitions

To leave out the Word of the Question to add the " Three Months."

And the Question being pftt, now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

' Tc11cts for Uie Yeas' {.Mr. fvmra'ham:

Tellers for the Noes, {*Jr- 4 >*J.

(Mr. rrancis J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Qu^tion being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

And the House being informed that Counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel be now called in;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cur-wen, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Company of Pro* wd'and^* Pr,etors °* Coventry Canal Navigation; and also, Counsel or- Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble dered. Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands through which an intended Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to join and communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Griff] in the County of Warwick, or through which certain proposed Navigable Cuts or Branches from Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid, to or near Ticknall, in the County of Derby, Stanton , Cloud Hill,

and Coleorton, in the said County of Leicester, is and are designed, if made, to pass, or being Inhabitants of the Townships near the Line of the said intended Canal, or proposed Cuts or Branches; and also, the Petition of Penn Assheton Curzon, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others. Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which were presented to the House upon the 11 th, 12th, and 13th Days of this Instant March, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom thp said Bill is committed: And that such of the Petitioners as desire to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction* to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Lord Sheffield reported from the Committee; Mr.ciw. to whom the Petition of Robert Claxton, of the City t<m's iVjfo# of Bristol, Merchant, was referred; That the Com- reP°nei!-mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, a6 it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping " and Navigation," was read; by which it is Enacted,

That no Registry of any Ship or Vessel shall thenceforth be made, until the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall have taken an Oath therein set forth, in Manner therein directed; containing, among others, the Words following: " That I the said A. B.

" (and the said other Owners, if any) am, or are,

truly and bona fide a Subject, or Subjects, of Great Britain, and that I the said A. B. have not, nor " have any of the Said Owners, to the best of my " Knowledge or Belief, taken an Oath of Allegiance " to any Foreign State whatsoever, except under the " Terms of some Capitulation, describing the Particulars thereof.'*

Then another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act to enforce and render more effectual se- veral Acts passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign " of King Charles the Second, and other Acts made " for the Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping " and Navigation," was read; which Enacts, " That " any Oath which shall have been, or may be taken " for the sole Purpose of acquiring the Rights of a " Citizen or Burgher in any Foreign City or Town " in Europe, to be enjoyed, during the Time that " the Person or Persons, taking such Oaths, shall reside in such City, or Town, and for a limited Time " after such Residence shall have expired, shall not " be deemed an Oiith of Allegiance to a Foreign " State, within the true Intent and Meaning of the " said Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty:" — And,

Mr. ClcCclon informed your Committee, That he is a Subject of Great Britain, born of British Parents, at the Island of Saint Chrsdophers in the West Indies; where he was brought up in the Mercantile Line, and where, at the breaking out of the Troubles between this Country and America, and until the Year 1783, he carried on an extensive Business as a Merchant; that his Commercial Affairs frequently obliging him to go backwards and forwards from Christopher's to the different Leeward and Windward West India Islands, he, for the Purpose of protecting 1ms Person and Property from Capture by the Americans, in or about the Year 1777, became a Burgher of the Island of Saint Eustatius, and upon that Occasion took an Oath of Allegiance to the Dutch Government, the same then being in Amity and Friendship with Great Britain and afterwards, in or about the Year 178), soon after the Capture of the said Island of Saint Eustatius by His Majesty's Forces, the Witness, for the like Purpose of Protection to his Person and Property, against the Powers then at War with Great Britain, became a Burgher of the Danish Island of Saint Thomas, and took the Oath of Allegiance to His Majesty the King

S3 Geo. III.

20* — 21*

42 9

King of Denmark and Norwaythen being in Amity and Friendship with Great Britain.

And Mr. Clarion further said. That notwithstanding he took the Oaths of Allegiance' to the Dutch, and afterwards to the Danish Government as aforesaid, he never resided or established himself in Trade, at either of the said Islands, but all along continued to be domiciled, and to carry on his Business as a Merchant at the Island of Saint Chri, until the Year

1783; when he with his Family removed from the said Island, and settled at the City of Bristol, where he has ever since resided, and been established and carried on his Business of a Merchant, and has become a Citizen of the said City.

And he produced to your Committee an Instrument, by which the Freedom of the City of Bristol was conferred upon him.

And the Witness added. That, without having infringed or violated auy existing Law of this Country, to forfeit any of the Rights or Privileges of a British Sub-

" Time hereafter might have " become."

1. 17. After " the" to insert " Average.".

1. 18. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to the End of Line 19, and insert " of the Four Years commencing at Michaelmas Day " 1788, and ending at Michaetmas Day 1792," instead thereof.

Pr. 54. 1. 7. After " Parties," to insert " and " the said Canal Company shall, " and they are hereby directed, to " bear and pay all such Costs and " Charges as shall be incurred in " and about such References, and " the making of such Awards as " aforesaid."

Pr. 101. 1. 4. To leave out from " granted" to the End of Line 18.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question ject, and without having acted contrary to his Natural severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and Allegiance as a British Subject, finds himself incapa- the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly, citated from becoming interested in any Vessel entitled , That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

to the Privileges of a British Built Vessel, in as much be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable as he cannot take the Oath directed by the before re- Canal from the River Severn, at or near the City of cited Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Pa- Majesty; and does not come within any of the Excep- rish of Berkeley; and also, a Cut to or near the Town tions made for the Relief of Persons, who had taken of Berkeley, in the County of Gloucester. the Oaths of Allegiance to Foreign States in Europe, Ordered, That Mr. Webb do carry the Bill to the by the before-mentioned Act of the Twenty-seventh Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Year of His said Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Mr. Sargent reported from the Committee, to whom Suitex jui-to enable Robert Claxton, of Bristol, Merchant, to the Petition of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, ticeiPetiiio^ take the Oath prescribed, and directed to be taken, aGting in and for the County of Sussex, metandassem- rv'at«^.t? by an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present bled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, reported!'* Majesty, for the further Encrease and Encouragement held at Chichester, in and for the Western Division of of Shipping and Navigation: And that the Lord Shes- the said County, the 14th Day of January, and at field and the Marquis of Wyrcester do prepare, and bring Lewes, in and for the Eastern Division of the said in, the same. County, the 17th Day of January 1793, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Moreton and A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons said Petition, and had directed him to report the same,

Wiibrigbtoo or Waste Lands within the Townships of Moreton and as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the twTtttd fVilbrighton, otherwise Wilber ton, in the Parish of Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in Gnosall, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and

is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Ellis being examined, said, That pursuant to Two Acts, passed in the Seventh and Nipth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, respecting the Militia of this Kingdom, the Sum of 1,327/. 11s. was assessed, collected, and raised, upon and within the Eastern Division of the County of Sussex, for the a Time prior to the passing thereof, was read the First Purposes in the said Acts mentioned, and in such

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

BUI mpect- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

iogtbe Com- to prevent Acts of Parliament from taking Effect from mtncemeot — ... —

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Secohd Time

Tomorrow Morning.

K

vl in 11 it

1.

Gloucester.

Berkeley Ml Canal

Manner, and by such Means, as the County Rates had been usually, or might be assessed, collected, and raised within the said Division.

And it appeared, by an Account produced by the

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ^'*ln®ss» l^at theL sai? Sum of Money was paid to Morning, Ten of the Clock. Charles Gilbert, Esquire, the then Treasurer of the said Eastern Division; and now remains in his Hands

as a separate Fund unapplied,

Mr. Thomas Gery being next examined, said, That by virtue of the said Acts, the Sum of 882!. 2 git/, was assessed, collected, and raised upon the Western Division of the said County, for the Purposes aforesaid, and was paid to Mr. Randolph Tutte, since deceased, the then Treasurer of the said W estern Division;

Jovis, 21° die Martii;

Anno 33* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1793.

Pray eus.

N ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Then,

Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at*or Mr. EUis being further examined, said, That the near the City of Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley County Stock is heavily charged by several Acts ot Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley, in the County of G/ou- Parliament, and it would tend to the F.ase and Re-cester, was read the Third Time. lief of the Inhabitants of the said respective Divisions,

The Amendments following were severally proposed if the said several Sums of Money were respectively to be made to the Bill; viz, made a Part of the General Stock of each Division,

Pr. 31. 1. 14. After " Persons," to insert " who to be disposed of and applied in the same Manner, " now are entitled, or at any and to the like Uses and Purposes, and by the saipe Voi. 48. 5 R. AttUvanUe*,

21° Marin.

A. 1793.

BiH from the Lords, intituled, A® D"k« ,

of Marl-

Authorities, as the County Stock of each Division is, or An ingroseed may be liable to; which cannot be effected without the Act for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Aid of Parliament. Agreement entered ir\to between the Duke of - Atfree8mi

That the said Report do lie upon the

In

Order

Table.

Agreement entered ii\to wmwu w (WW‘* Agreement,

borough and Lincoln College, Oxford, was read the Bill read. . -.y, First Time. i $

Resolved, That the BHi be read a Second Time. I

Littlehamp-ton Harbour

Ordered, That Mr. Sargent do make the Report mi j from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and i repor e . amenJ| Act) ma(je in jje Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George the Second, intituled, ft An Act for erecting Piers in, and for repairing, and " keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Littlehampton,

" called fryndel Port, in the County of ," and for empowering the Commissioners acting under the said Act to itpprove the Navigation of the River A run, from the said Harbour, to the Town of Arundel, i.n the said (County, was committed-

Mr. Sargent accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had considered the Petition of the several Merchants and Owners of Vessels trading to Littlehampton, in the Port of Arundel, in the County of Sussex, whpse Name's are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants and Owners of Vessels, referred to their Consideration; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Ope by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Petition against the Chelmsford Navigation Pill.

A Petition of the several Persons, whpse Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, Merchants, Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Wharfs and Granaries at, or near, thp Town of Maldon, and the Owners and Occupiers of Land

and Mills between the Towns of Chelmsford and don, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of tile Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Collier's Reach, in, or near, the River in the said

County; and Setting forth, That, if such Bill is suffered to pass into a Law, it will be very injurious to the Owners and Occupiers of Wharfs and Granaries in and near the said Town and Port of Maldon, which have been erected and maintained at considerable Expence, and which, by the Desertion of the Old Channel of the River Blackwater, will be rendered useless, and also to the Merchants and Inhabitants of the said Town by the Loss or Ruin of their Trade, and the Lands and Mills, through or near which the said Navigation is intended to pass, will suffer great and permanent Injury: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to Aldsworti Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure Bill Common Fields, Downs, Common Pastures, and present*! other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Aldsworth, in the County of Gloucester:

And the same was received; and read the First TTime.

Resohfd, T^at the Bill he read a Second Time,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Earns ant} Mr. The Lords

Walker: hav. agreed '

Mr. Speaker, to 1

The Lords haye agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Basingstoke 1 Act for effectually carrying into Execution an Act of Canal Bill, j Parliament, of the Eighteenth Year Qf the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Navigable Canal 1

from the Tpvyn of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, tp communicate with the River in the Parish of Chertsey, in the County of Surrey, ant} to the South East Side of the Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Turgiss, in the said Coupty of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also, i

The Lords haye agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Robin's Nat. j Act for naturalizing Peter Lpivi$ Robin', without any BilL Amendment: And also, i

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for 1 Act for the better ordering and regulating the Manner *** "-8"*; of feeding, using, cultivating, and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds, lying iu Chatteris, Grounds in -in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for Chatteris.; obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the same, and for holding, in Severalty, for ever, certain Parts or Lots, being Part i

of the stud Grounds, called The Acre Fen, and Little Ferry Burrows, in the said Parish Qf Chatteriswithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Brecknock Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Brecknock, to the Monmouthshire r^i, with Canal, near the Town of Pont y Pool, in the County Am'cnd-of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Rail- m«uts-ways and Stone Roads from such Canal to several Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock and Monmouth; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Plymouth Act for supplying the Towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke Damarel, Stonehouse, and the Parts adjacent, in the ^Amend County of Devon, with Water; with some Amendments; ments. to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Little Bow Road from the Foot of a certain Bridge, in the Parish *j*o *Bli,

aaid Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, of £itlle in the County of Northampton, com- JSSf1

ftnH that the Petitioners mav have such other Relief in __wRoa.

and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall appear meet and expedient

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the stud Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners he then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the satpe Time, in Favour of the said Rill, against the said Petition.

monly called Saint Mary's Bridge, to the West Side of the Toll Bar at the North End of the Town of Rockingham, in the said County, was read the Third Tiine.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Foot of a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, commonly called Saint Mary's Bridge, to the West Side of the Toll Bar at the North End of the Town of Rockingham, in the said County.

V

.33 Geo. III.

21° Ma

431

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

K

k<.

Bil

Ordered, That Mr. Dickins do carry the Bill to the arp informed that a Bill is depending-in the House, Bolton, and 1 ' ' ‘ for extending, cutting, and making, the , Bury Cana).

Bolton, and Bury Canal Navigable from Bury aforesaid to, or near to, Bridge, in the County of

York, and also, from Bolton aforesaid, to, or near, a certain Place in the said County of , called

Red Moss; "and that sotne of the Petitioners are Owners

lui

t

sem Gold- An iogropsed Bill >to enlarge the Term and Powers of aa (Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the " Tec mrand vary the Powers, of so much of an Act,

fl made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his and Occupiers of valuable Buildings, Premisses, Tenter " late Mfyeaty, for repairing the Road from Sutton Grounds, and Works, upon and near the Line of- the " Coldfield Common, and several other Roads therein said intended Canal, which they have, from Time to " described, in the County of Stafford, as relates to Time, erected and built at a great Spence, for foe " foe Wolverhampton District of Roads," was read the Conveniency erf carrying on their respective Manu-Third Time. factories, and which are indispensably necessary thereto,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title and some of the Petitioners are Owners and Probe, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an prietors considerable Landed Estates upon the Line Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His of the said intended Canal; and that the making the present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the said intended Canal, in the Line and Direction proTerm, and vary the Powers, of so much of an Act, posed by the said Bill, will be extremely injurious to the " made in the' Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his Works before-mentioned, and also to the Lands and " late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton Estates of the Petitioners through which the said " Coldfield Common, and several other Roads therein Canal is proposed to be made: And therefore praydescribed, in the County of Stafford, as relates to the ing, That they may be heard, by themselves or their " Wolverhampton District of Roads," Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill injurious to the said Works and other Property, and to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. may have such Relief as to the House shall seem just

and reasonable.

An ingrosged Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers , That the said Petition do lie upon the

Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a P' ' Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Navigable Canal from the Manchester, Bolton, and repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly at, a Place Lyneto flassop, and from Middle Hills to the Maccles- called Hindes Mill, in the Parish of Bury, in the field Turnpike Road near Burton, and also the Road County Palatine of Lancaster, to and into the Colder brandling out of the said first-mentioned Road at Navigation, at or near to , in the

Cobridge to Burslem, and to the Utloxeter Turnpike Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County Road at Shelton, in the County of Stafford, and the of York, and also, another Navigable Canal from the other passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of said Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, at Bolton, His said Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of to a Place at or near to Red Moss, in the Township of the said Act, and for amending several other Roads Blackrod, in the said County of , be read a

'Newcastle

tab

d k

ilTr-

k-?

ft* . D*A

Nit Bill

BSt. wlpwrf

>1-

E

therein described, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Lyne to Hassop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Burton, and also the Road branching' out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Burslm, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the County of Stafford, and the other passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for amending several other Roads therein described.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Francis Dumergue and Charles John Joli Dumergue, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

Second Time.

The Earl Ludlow reported from the Committee, st. Neots to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for and Camputting in Execution an Act, made in the Twelfth prid6e Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ported. " An Act for repairing and widening the Road from.

" the West End of Saint Ives Lane, in the Town " of Saint Neo/s, in the County of Huntingdon, to " the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the " Town of Cambridge," whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed -him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Park being examined, said, That the

House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Trustees, in executing the same, have borrowed several

Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said BUI was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill so the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually repaired, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the A Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, and Twelfth Year-of the Reign of His present Majesty, Manufacturers, Owners and Occupiers of Lands and intituled, "An Act for repairing end widening the Tenements, within tbft Parish of Rochdale, in the " Road from the West End of Saint Foe's Lane, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, waa presented to the " Town of Sand Neots, in the County of Huntingdon), Manchester, House, and read; Setting foith. That the Petitioners " to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Vol. 48. " Town

htUak

ftgMtfce

‘ho extend the

21° Martii.

A. 1793.

Kirton in Lindsey Inclosure Bill committed.

" Town of CambridgeAnd that the Earl ..and Mr. Henry Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Kirton in Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Anderson Pelham, Mr. Blackburne, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

nuucement of Acts committed.

Whits table Oyster Fishery Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill of Free Fishers and County of Kent, and for the Government of the Fishery,

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for incorporating the Company of Free

for incorporating the Company Dredgers of Whit in the

hetter ordering and read the Third

was

Hanbury Church Bill reported.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill respect-Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- ing **'Com' tuled, An Act to prevent Acts of Parliament from taking Effect from a Time prior to the passing thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Vansittart, from the Select Committee, who Sudhury were appointed to try and determine the Merits of E,ecfioiJ<lt'

3

the Petition of William Smith, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough Fishers and Dredgers of Whitstable, in the County of of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, informed the

termined.

Kent, and for the better ordering and Government of the Fishery.

Ordered, That Sir John Ho do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for taking down and re-building the Tower of the Parish Church of Hanbury, in the County of Worcester, and for repairing the said Church, and rendering the same more commodious for the Parishioners, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

House, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That John Coxe Hippisley, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said William Smith, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said Coxe Hippisley, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Netherton and Selly Oak Canal Bill passed.

An

1. 19.

ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or near, Selly Oak, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 43. 1. 16. After fl Persons," to insert " who " now are entitled, or at any " Time hereafter might have become."

After " the" to insert ‘‘-Average and to leave out from "Value" to " such" in 1. 20, and insert " of the Four Years commencing " at Michaelmas Day 1788, and

" ending at Michaelmas 1792," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or near, Selly Oak, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith.

A Bill to restrain the employing of any Persons in Bill to re. making Navigable Canals during the Time of the Com stral° . Harvest, was, according to Order, read a Second pps°n Time. , making

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Canals com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Fortnight, the 10th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

imposed by Acts for making Navigable Canals, ordered.

Tellers for the Yeas,

93-

57-

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Bill for limit. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for limiting, ing, &c. Tolls regulating, and applying the Produce of the Tolls imposed by Acts of Parliament for making Navigable Canals and Aqueducts;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Powys,

\Mr. Camthome:

Teller, for the Noe, ££**

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Powys, the Master of the Rolls,

Sir John Call, and Sir George Howard, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Bill for or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One raising* thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was read a LosorE* Second Time. cUquerBili

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom-

ing»

33 Geo. III.

21° Martiu

m

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bt'

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One'; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans . House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Arrtertdments, be ingrossed.

, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then' ingrossed.

tfjorrai*-

31 farther

InuiorEx- thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was read a tsjoer Bilb Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

.Miluil Pay Mm*

Bitted.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to HaJifaxRoarf whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering Bill reported, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of

willed England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety- to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as three, was read a Second Time. " relates to the First District of the Roads mentioned

in

Resohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning,

the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which

Bflltopre-

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon they had directed him to report to the House; and he the said Bill. read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

wiTnitor- Reading of the Bill more effectually to prevent, during and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

flisCorre-

spoidence

csamitted.

1A.1;

the War, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Tomorrow " Morning" and inserting the Words " upon Tuesday "Morning next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, that the Words " To-1 morrow Morning" stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.

127.

37-

it* |

fMr. Rose, 1

'fMr. Serjeant Watson: J

Tellers for the Noes IMr WJ unior,!

tellers for the Noes,^^: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Halifax, whom the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in Bradford, Ac, the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of aa(j re^om-Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, mitted. Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Birstal,

Mirfeld, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, -heaton, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

iJ.

GoTenmwt Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-udTrade of ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole India to he " considered.

Bank Forgeries Bill re* ported.

Mr Wilberforce presented to the House, according to War®field Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable cum Heath Canal from the River Colder, in the Township of House, to consider of the Government and Trade of field cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnsley, and panted. India. fro,n thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Township erf Caw-

thorne, and a Collateral Cut branching out of the said Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Thornton do make the intended Canal at or near Bargh to, or nearly to,

Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Haigh Brin the Township of Woolley, all in the the Bill for the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds in West Riding of the County of York: And the same was the Transfers of the several Funds transferrable at the received; and read the First Time.

Bank of England, was committed. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Samuel Thornton accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Com- Colonel Macleod reported from the Committee, to Inverness mittee had made to the Bill, and which they had whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Statute La-directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Freeholders and Owners of Land in the County of y°"ti " pe. Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Inverness', and also, the Petition of the Persons whose t,lions re- Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders ported. Vol. 48. 5 S of

Report of Sowcrby Bridge and Comb rook Canal Bill deferred.

434 21* — 22° Martii. A. 1T93.

of the County of Inverness, or Burgesses of the Borough of Inverness, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Order* of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with; but, that it is not proposed to coHect any Toll upon Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, for the Purpose of lighting the said Borough of Inverness, the Expence of which is to be defrayed by a Kate upon the Inhabitants only; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Laws now in Force in Scotland, for making and repairing Roads and Bridges, have been found insufficient in the County of Inverness, and further Powers are necessary for thie Enforcement of the Performance of Statute Work: That in many Places it has been found more useful and effectual, as well as more easy and convenient, for Persons liable in Statute Services, to establish a reasonable Composition in Money, in lieu of actual Labour, and that it will be of real Advantage to the said County, to convert the Statute Labour into Money, or to assess a certain Sum in Place of the Performance of such Services, and to ascertain the Rate and Mode of levying such Assessment, and also to authorize a further Sum than is at present leviable by Law, to be levied for Road and Bridge Money in the said County.

And the said Member further said, That it would be of great Advantage to the Town of Inverness, and to all Persons resorting to, or passing through the same, if Provision was made for the better lighting of the Streets of the said Town, and for raising such Sum of Money, by Assessment upon the Inhabitants, as shall be requisite for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notice may be given at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holdeo for the County of Inverness, and in Three Newspapers printed or circulated in the said County in this present Month of March, and in the Month of April, that, in the Bill applied for, for making and repairing -Highways and Bridges within the Shire of Inverness, Provision is intended to be made for lighting, paving, and improving, the Streets of the Royal Burgh of Inverness.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Smverby Bridge Wharf, in foe Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of foe County of York, to the Canal of his Grace foe Duke of Bridgewater, in foe Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Jen of foe Clock.

Veneris, 22* die Martii;

7 7 *y

Anno 33* Georgii III. U Regis, 1793. ''

Prayers.

Y\RDE RED, That Mr. Bullock do make the Re- Htdiey,

port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for South Btn- a repairing and widening the Roads from Hadley Turn- „eet'&5,.„ s pike Gate to Stifford Bridge, and from a Farm House '

called Tarpotts to the Town of South and;

from the Pound in the Town of Brentwood to Tilbury 1

Fort, and from Billericay to Homdon on the Hill, and from Stanford Bridge to Purfieet, in the County of f

Essex, was committed.

Mr. Bullock accordingly reported from tire said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that, the Committee had gone through foe Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon tire Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That foe Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining a Day appoint-Navigation from, or nearly from, the Town of Cheltns- edforjd ford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Collier's Heading Reach, in or near the River Blaclewater, in foe said County, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday jjiiu Fortnight, the 1 oth Day of April next.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, ac- StNeots cording to Order, a Bill to continue the Term and and Cam-Powers of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the pere.04d Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act sented.

" for repairing and widening the Road from the West " End of Saint Ive's Lane, in the Town of Saint Neots,

" in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at " the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge:"

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendments made by foe Lords to the Bill, intituled, AmtndmeDts An Act for supplying the Towns of Plymouth Dock, 4®ul11 Stoke Damarel, Stonehouse, and foe Parts adjacent, in ly"cte' g the County of Devon, with Water. agreed to.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 10. After " House" insert " Bridge."

Pr. 47. 1. 30 j Leave out (f or the Water flowing and } " therein," and in 1. 31, after

31.J " injured" insert " or."

1. 32. Leave out " obstructed or diverted."

1. 36. Leave out from " of" to " with," in 1. 39, and insert " any Person " or Persons whatsoever."

Pr. 48. 1. 2. After " his," insert " her, or their," and leave out from " Lands" to " Provided," in 1. 5, and insert " through which the said intended Cut, Leat, or Trench f‘ shall or may pass."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by foe House.

Ot'dered,

33 Geo. III.

22° Martu.

435

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do cgrry the BiH to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord-

he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were honis The House proceeded to take into Consideration agreed to by the House.

L<m««toent» the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he tfdPootT* -An Act for making and maintaining a Navi- ingrossed.

PwiCual gable Canal from the Town of Brecknock, to the Mon-

mouthshire Canal, near the Town of Pont y Pool, in the Mr. presented to the House, according to Aston Ujk

County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Com-Railways and Stone Roads from such Canal to several mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, p^^ted! Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock Downs, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, and Monmouth. within the Hamlet of Aston Upthorpe, in the Parish of

Ble in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Pr. 48. 1. 31.

1. 34-

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed); viz.

After " Persons" insert " who are " now," and in the same Line leave out " to be" and insert " at auy Time hereafter might " have become."

After " the" insert " Average," and in the same Line leave out from "Value" to "such" in Line 37, and insert " of the " Four Years commencing at " Michaelmas Day 1788, and " ending at Michaelmas Day " 1792."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Blackbume presented to the House, according Salford, War-to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the nngton, &c. Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the presented', Third, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act,

" made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of " King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns " of Salford, Warrington, Boltonand Wisan, and to " certain Places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and " Duxbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lan-

" caster, for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and also, for " making, altering, and widening, the Road from a " Place called South Sea, in Pendlto Agecroft " Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to " Dawson Lane End, and also, from Agecroft Bridge,

" over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said

County," and for making more effectual Provision An ingrossed Bill for paving and repairing certain for the Improvement, Repair, and Maintenance of the

;fc

.M,

"P

W>

A into?

W

r:-

Beiiaal

GimPmuj Streets, Lanes, and other Publie Passages and Places,

Bil)pissed. in the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Old Cock Lane and York Street as are in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving and repairing certain Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Old Cock Lane and York Street a3 are in the Parish of Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Byng do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gascoyne reported from the Committee, to whom works the Bill for repealing Part of an Act, passed in the Bill reported.-First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled,

" An Act for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon " Salt, and for the better Payment of Debentures at " the Custom House," which may relate to the refining and making of Salt at certain Works intended to be erected at Garston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, instead of the present Salt Works at Liverpool, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,

lightwood

which they had directed him to report to the House; The Earl Gower reported from the Committee, to and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

Mown Bill whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing reported, the Common or Waste Ground, called Lightvmd, within the Township of Normacott, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Two Persons, whose Estates are of the Annual Value of 20/,

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Bil¥

Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pas- committed, tures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Maisemore, in the County of Gloucester thereabouts; and that the whole Property belonging (except a certain Meadow called Maisemore Ham) and to Persons interested in the Inclosure is of the An- for rendering all the Lands and Tenements within nual Value of 726 I.,or thereabouts; and that no the said Parish wholly exempt and discharged from Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Tythe, and all Modus and Composition for Tythe,

Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the by allotting Lands in Lieu thereof, was read a Se- Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which cond Time.

they had directed him to report to the House; mid Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Vol. 48. John

or

Leicester Navigation Bill passed.

Stafford and Uttoxeter Roads Bill reported.

Halifax Road Bill passed*

22° Martii.

A. 1793.

John Pitt, Mr. Master, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Leicester, to communicate with the River Nen, in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing Persons whose Lands adjoin to the Canal, to make Use of the Canal without paying Toll.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon; agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 18. L 14. After "Parish" to insert "of " ston in the said County of " ter, and of the Parish."

L 36. After " Bto insert " and, " and to leave out "and Hardingstone.'''

Pr. 11. 1. 10. To leave out " Parish" and insert " Parishes" instead thereof; and after " to insert " and

" Hardingstone, both."

Pr. 66. L 20. After " thereof" to insert " to be " estimated at the Average of " the Four Years commencing " at Michaelmas Day 1788, and " ending at Michaelmas Day " 1792*"

Pr. 78. 1. 9. To leave out " Swan" and insert

" Bell" instead thereof.

Pr. 140. l.i. To leave out from "whatsoever" to "the" in 1. 6. and insert "and" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Leicester, to communicate with the River Nen, in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said N avigation.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, diverting, and improving the Road from Stafford to Church Bridge, and also the Road from Stafford to,

all in the County of Stafford, and also the Road from Stafford to Newport, in the County of Salop, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Robert Earl Ferrers, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were-Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as relates to the First District of the Roads mentioned in the said Act, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as relates to the First District of the Roads mentioned in the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hippisley Coxe presented to the House, according St-Cuthbert'* to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting Inclosure Bill certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and Pr€sentc being within the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for taking down and re-building the Hanbury Tower of the Parish Church of Hanbury, in the County Church Bill of Worcester, and for repairing the said Church, and Passed* rendering the same more commodious for the Parishioners, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking down and re-building the Tower of the Parish Church of Hanbury, in the County of Worcester, and for repairing the said Church, and rendering the same more commodious for the Parishioners.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the several thereunder signed Pro- Petition prietors of Estates in the Parishes of Wiggenhall Saint against Eau Mary's, West Lynn, and South Lynn All Saints, in the aj?d County of Norfolk, lying on the East Side of the Dramag/011 River Ouze, was presented to the House, and read; Bill.

Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for changing the present Course of the said River, by making a Navigable Cut from a Place at or near Eau Brink, between Saint Germans Bridge and King's Lynn, to a Place in the same River at or near the said Town of Lynn; and that the Estates of the Petitioners in the Parishes above-mentioned, lying on the East Side of the said River Ouze, consist chiefly of rich fresh Marsh, effectually drained and supplied with fresh Water by the River Nar, and, from their Vicinity to the Town of Lynn, are very valuable, and the intended Cut, by passing through the said Lands,' will sever a considerable Part thereof from the Remainder, and the Part so cut off will be deprived of its Supply of fresh Water, and excluded from Communication with the Town of Lynn, except by the Bridge proposed to be made across the said Cut, and several of the Inclosures will be intersected, and divided into small and inconvenient Parcels, and if the Sides and Banks of the said Cut shall happen to give Way (which from the Nature of the Soil is highly probable) the Lands lying on either Side thereof must be gradually washed and worn away, and the Whole of the adjacent Country will be exposed to Ruin by Inundations: and that the Houses of Two of the Petitioners, situate near Eau Brink, will, if the intended Cut shall be carried into Effect, not only be completely insulated, and excluded from the present

short

j

33 Geo. III.

22" Martii.

437

Petition from Proprietors of Fen Ground in Cotlenham against Eau Bunk and King's L>nn Drainage Bill.

short and convenient Road therefrom to the Town of Lynn, but will be deprived of their Supply of fresh Water, and exposed to the Hazard of being washed away or inundated, under which Circumstances the said Houses (one of which has been recently repaired and improved at a considerable Expence) will necessarily become unfit for Habitation; and that, by the said Bill, it is proposed to vest in Trustees, to be sold, the Sands, Waste Lands, and Channel, of the said River Ouze, between Eau Brink and Lynn, without any Compensation to the Petitioners and other Proprietors of Land on either Side, who conceive themselves entitled by Right of Frontage, or otherwise, to such Parts of the said Sands and Waste Lands as are or shall be deserted by the Waters, and, in those and other Respects, the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be highly injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, at the Bar of the House, against the same, by themselves, or their Counsel.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being the Proprietors or Owners of a considerable Tract of Commonable Low or Fen Ground, situate and being in the Parish of,

in the County of Cambridge, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by a Bill now before the House, it is proposed and intended to alter the Course and Chapnel of the River Ouze, by malting a new Cut from a Bend in the said River, at or near a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of JViggen-hall Saint Mary's, to or near the Town and Harbouf of Lynn, and, in order to carry such a Work into Execution, and to defray the necessary and unavoidable Expences attendant thereupon, it is by the said Bill intended to impose a pertain Tax upon a very large and extensive Tract of Low Ground therein particularly specified, ip which all and singular the Lands, as we|l Commons as Severals, lying within the Parish of

tenhanp aforesaid, and subject to Land or Sea Floods, or some Part thereof, is included; and that the Petitioners are well aware that the real End and Design of the intended New Cut is to drain certain Fen and Low Lands belonging to divers Persons, who are the Promoters of the said Bill, but they are thoroughly convinced that, whatever Benefit or Advantage such Individuals may derive to themselves from the said intended New Cut, if carried into Execution, the same cannot render any Service whatever, or be of the least Utility, to the Low or Fen Lands, the Property of the Petitioners, and situate in the Parish of Cotlenham aforesaid, on the contrary, the Petitioners are well advised that such Cut, if carried into Execution, will occasion the Tides to meet the Fresh Waters with much more Violence, and in a much stronger and more powerful Current than they are accustomed to do, and that, particularly in Gales of Wind, whenever the Spring Tides are met by a Land Flood, the Water will rise much higher than it now does, and the Banks will not be able to contain the same, but must necessarily Overflow or give Way, and thereby not only the Low or Fen Grounds in Cotlenham aforesaid, but also in many other Parishes, will become subject to unavoidable and frequent Inundations, and the Petitioners are fully persuaded that the said Bill, in its general Tendency, if passed into a Law, so far from being of any Utility, will bp extremely prejudicial and detrimental to the Country at large: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass ipto a Law, but that the Petitioners may be heard against the same, by themselves, or their Counsel.

And the said ^Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called y oi>,48.

Bedford Leod, the Low Lands near to, or adjoining, the said Levels, and also the Lands adjoining, or near, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King'sLynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving die Navigation of the said River from, or

near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Marys, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if 1 they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the spid Biff, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, according Bill to amend to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed Act relative in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the to Pu^a* Third, intituled, "An Act for the further regulating !lces°ofThne " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and and Place of " for the preventing irregular Proceedings of She- Elections " riffs and other Officers in the electing and returning Presented.

" such Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time iand Place of Election:

Apd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Yorke do make the Re- Monmouth port from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Hoads Peti-several Trustees for the Care of several Roads leading tion rePorted-to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth, was referred.

Mr. Charles Yorke accordingly reported froip the said Committee, That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; except that the Notices, required by the said Orders to be given in the Newspapers in the Months of August or September, were inserted in The Hereford Journal on the 19th and 26 th of September, and the 3d of October last, and in The Gloucester Journal on the 24th of September, and the 1st and 8th of October-, and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Inhere the satpe was read- and is as fot-low'eth; pi % .

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to, through, and from the Town of Monmouth, were read: And,

Mr. James Bowen being examined, said, That a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed* apd is now due on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected upon the said Roads, which capnot he paid off, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and' some-Alterations and Amendments made in the said Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge tlxe Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads therein tpen-tioned leading to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth: And that Mr. Charles Yorke and fylr, Bragge do prepare, and bring in, the same.

5T A Petition

L

4ds yttitan

Petition re- A' Petition of theseverhl Persons, whose Names are specting the theretfrith subscribed, Proprietors of Lands bordering Application on Fhe Hundred Foot River, between the lower End of Brink* and" Hundred Foot River&hd Saint Ives', on Behalf of King's Lynn themselves- and others, was presented to the House, Drainage and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners per-8*11. ceive, by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented

by the several' Persons interested in the Navigation of the River Ouze, to arid from the Town of King's Lynn, in the' County of Norfolk, and also by several other Persons, Owners; and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes therein named, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, stating, that the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, between Saint German's Bridge and King's Lynn, in the said County (which River is the great Outfall for the Waters from the Middle and South Levels of the Fens, the Country of Marshland, and divers other Lands which drain to Sea thereby, through the Harbour of King's Lynn, is in a State very insufficient for the Purposes of a complete drainage and safe Navigation, occasioned principally by the Channel or Bed of the said River being too wide, and bending very considerably between the said Place called Saint German's Bridge and King's Lynn aforesaid, by reason whereof the Drainage of large Tracts of Land lying in the said Parishes is greatly impeded, and the Trade and Navigation to and from the Port of King's Lynn are materially injured; and that, in order effectually to improve and assist the Drainage of the said Lands, and to amend the Navigation to and from the said Port, it is necessary that a Navigable Communication, Cut, or River, of sufficient Dimensions to afford a free Passage ior the tVaters draining fVoffl the said Lands, and to answer the Purposes of Navigation, should be made from the said River Ouze, at or near a Place called Eau Brink, between German's

Bridge and King's Lynn aforesaid, to communicate again with the said River, at or near the said Town of King's Lynn; and that by Levels and Surveys, lately taken and made by experienced Engineers, it appears that a Navigable Communication, Cut, or River, as above described, may be made, and the Petitioners conceive the making thereof, with such other Works as may be requisite to attain the Ends above-mentioned, Would be highly beneficial to the Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the Districts above specified, and would tend greatly to promote the Trade and Commerce of the Town and Port of King's Lyrin, and of the adjacent Country, and that the Expence of executing such Cut or River and other Works, may with great Ease and Convenience be provided for by Means of an Acre Tax'on the Lands to be benefited by the said Cut or River and Works, aided by a certain Tonnage Duty on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, carried on Board any Barge, Boat,

Lighter, or Vessel, and Rafts, passing or navigating on the said New Cut or River, and praying, for Leave to bring in a Bill for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet; and that, relying with perfect Confidence on the Faith and Security of the Standing Orders of- this House relating to the Alteration or Improvement of any Navigation, which Orders were so carefully revised and corrected on the 7th Day of June last, and are so adiriirably calculated for preventing all Persons interested from, being affected by any Alteration or Improvement in a Navigation without a regular and Timely Information, the Petitioners cannot help expressing their extreme Surprize to find, by a Bill brought into the House for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great-Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, the Low Lands near to, or adjoining the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining, or near, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County,

and for-altering-and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze from, or near, a> Place called Kau.

Brink, in the Parish of jftiggenhall Saint. Ms, in the said County, to Sea, through the said Harbour of.

King's Lynn, that certain Powers and Provisions are therein contained for altering or improving the Navigation1 of the said Hundred Foot River, by which the.

Property of the Petitioners may be materially affected; and that the Petitioners have not, after every diligent Enquiry made, been able to discover that any previous Public Notice has been given of the Application-made to the House, so far as the same concerns or relates to thp altering or improving of the Navigation, of The Hundred Foot River, as is required by the Strand r ing Orders of this House, made on the said 7th Day of June last, nor do the Petitioners perceive, by the

Votes, that , the House has given any Leave to bring' in the said Bill, so far as the same concerns or relates to the making of any Alteration or Improvement in the said River, as the same was not even mentioned or described in the Petition above-mentioned: And therefore the Petitioners submit those Circumstances to the Consideration of the House, hoping that no Alteration in the Navigation of The' Hundred Foot River, which may affect their Property, may be made under the Authority of Parliament, without such Notice as the Standing Orders of this House require, or that /he Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to th* Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Walpole,

8cc.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 13th Day Report on of this Instant March, was made from the Committee, to whorti the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the Ly„n Drain, humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names age I'etition ire 'thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, referred, and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Ouze, to and from the Town of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and also the humble Petition of the Several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes of Colne, Somersham, Warboys, Wisto Retry, Ramsey

With Higley, Ridley and Fenton, Band Earrth,

Hollywell and Needmgworth, Saint Ives, Houghton and

Wilton, Oldhurst, Woodhurdt, Broughton, Little Ravely,

Uptvood with Great Ravely, Standground, Farcett, Yaxley, Stilton, Caldicvt, Denton, Glatton, Holme, Cunning-ton, Sdwttrey All Saints, Sauttrey Saitit Judith and Saint Andrew, Woodwalton, Hadden, Waternewton,

titn with Sibson, Woodstoile, and in the County of 'Huntingdon; Isleham, Fordham, Lamoadc, Swqff-ham Prior with 1 Reach, Swaffham Bulbeck, Burrell with Reach, Wickin, Soham, Barway, '.BQui, Ditton, Horningsey, Water beach, Landbeach, Che Milton,

Cottenham, Ranipton, fVillinghath, Over, and in 'the County of 'Cambridge; Brandon, Wangford, Lakenheath, Eriswell, Mildenhall, Worlington, Freck-ingham, and Exnitig, in the County of Wig-

genhallSaint Mary's, Wiggenhall Saint Germans, genhall Saint Peter's, Wiggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen,

West Lynn with North Lynn, Clenc, Saint Clement's, Terrington Saint Johns, Walpole Saint Peter's, Walpole Saint Andrew's, West Walton, soken, Enmeth, Tilney All Saints, Tilney Saint Lawrence,

Tilney cum Islington, South Lynn, North Runcton, HardwkkwnA Setchy, Wormegay, Tottenhill,

Runcton, Runcton Holme, Thorpland, Stozv Bardolph, Wimbotsham, Downham Market, Ryston and

Denver,

vn

Denver, Fordham, HFellzpell Saint

Marys, Feltwell Saint. Wilton* Methwold, Nonthwold, Oxbu/rgh, Foulden, StoJce Ferry, TVretton, Wereham, West Dereham, Outwell, and Welney, in the County of Norfolk:, Elm, Outwell, Upwell, Welney, Money, Stuntney, Ely Trinity, Ely Saint Marys, Churcham otherwise Littleport,

Stretham, Thetfon-d, Downham, Ootoeney,

Witckam, Wingford or Wentworth, Wilburton, Uadden-ham, Mepal, Sutton, March, Doddington with ton, Benwick, Chatteris, Saint. Mary's,

Whittlesea Saint Andrew, and Wisbeach, within the Isle of Ely, was referred; be referred to the said Committee.

PtiiuoD re- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are fueling the thereunto subscribed', Proprietors of Lands bordering lorhau110'1 on R'ver Cam, between Reachlode and Clay hit he Brink and Sluice, on Behalf of themselves, and others, was also King's Lynn presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice Drainage Gf the Application, and Bill, mentioned in the last

Kl11' preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That certain

- Powers and provisions are contained in the said Bill for altering or improving the Navigation of the said River Cam, in the County of Can\bridge, by which the Property of the Petitioners may be materially affected, and that they have pot, after every diligent Enquiry made, been able to discover that any previous Public Notice, has been given of the Application made to the House, so far as the same concerns or relates to the altering or improving of the Navigation of the River Cavb as is required by the Standing Orders of this. House, madq on the 7th Pay of June last, nor do the Petitioners perceive, by the Votes, that the Hoqse has. given any Leave to bring in the said Bill, so far as the same concerns or relates to the making of any Alteration or Improvement in the said River, as the same was not even mentioned qr described in the Petition above-mentioned: And therefore the Petitioners submit those Circumstances to the Consideration of the House, hoping that no Alteration in the Navi-

fation of the River Cam, which may affect their 'roperty, may bp made under the Authority of Parliament, without such Notice as the Standing Orders of this House require, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to tb,e Consideration of the Committee to whom the last preceding Petition is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition, and report the same, as jt shall appear to them, to the House:

Ordered, That a)l have Voices who comp to the Committee to whom the said Petitions are referred.

1

Bill respect- Mr. Alderjnan Cw'tis presented to the House, ac-ing Table cording to Order, a Bill for altering the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign e' of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding^ Eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for other Purposes -therein mentioned, so far as respects the Quality of Table Beer brewed by Common Brewers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill behead a Second Time.

Carmarthen- Ordered, That Mr, Sppaker dp ifsye his Warrant to hire Writ, Jbe Clerk of the Crown, -to make opt a new yVrit for the electing of ft. Knight of the $hire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Carmarthen, in the ropm of the HQn°PrabJ,e George falbot Rjicf, now' Baron Dynevor, called up to the House of Peers.

Vol 48.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas, Sfanky be added to the Member Gentlemen who are appdinted to prepare, and bring in, added to a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or bring in Canal from a Place called Hammerside Hill, in the canaHiUL Parish of Ulverstone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to a Place called Weinl End, near the Tow,n of Ulverstone aforesaid.

Mr, Thomas Stanley presented, to the House, accord- Ulverstone ing to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- Cal, al B*Jl gable Cut or Canal from a Place called Hammerside Preflenlf Hill, in the Parish of Ulverstone, in the County Ralatiqq of Lancaster, to a Place called Wtint End, near the Town of Ulverstone aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That- the Bill be read a Second Timp.

Mr. Bastard, from the Select Committee, who were Cricklade appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Peti- Election tion of Samuel Petrie, Esquire; and also, the Petition det€rm'ned. of the Inhabitants possessing Houses within the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, who by immemorial Custom and Usage have a Right to vote at all Elections for Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That the said Select Committee have determined,

That Thomas Estcourt, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts;

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That John Walker Heneage, Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Samuel Petrie, Esquire, so far as, respects the said Thomas Estcourt, Esquire, did appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous and vexatious.

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Samuel Petrie, Esquire, so far as respects the said John Walker Heneage, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Inhabitants possessing Houses within the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, did appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous and vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Opposition of the said Thomas Estcourt,

Esquire, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said John Walker Heneage,

squire, to the sa\d several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be eptered in the journals of this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee R> resqjvp itself into a Committee of the whoje House, on ®*H upon the lqgrossed Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent Acts of Parliament from taking Effect mencement from a Time prior to the passing thereof, be now read, of Act!. And the said Order being read accordingly.

The Hotise resolved itself into the safrl Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

22° Martii.

A. 1T93.

Bill respecting the Commencement of Acts passed.

Committee on Bill for raising a Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone throdgh the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Militia' upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cawthorne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cawthorne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be (received upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, the House this Day, adjourn till next.

at the Rising of Mouse re: Monday Morning solves to adjourn tq Monday.

Committee on Bill for raising a further Sum by {^oans or Exchequer Pills.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Committee making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the onSwark-River Trent, at, or near, a certain Place called -stone Bridge, to and through the Liberty of the Bo- Tomorrow, rough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a Cut out of the said Canal in, or near, the said Borough, to join , the Erewash Canal, near Sandiacre, in the County of Ordered, That the Report b'e received upon Monday Derby, and for making and maintaining Railways

or Stone Roads from such Cut or Canal to several Collieries in the Parishes of Denby, Horsley, and Smalley, in the said County, is committed, have Leave to sit Tomorrow, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resojved itself into the 3ajd Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

A Petition of Susanna Painter, Widow, and John Petition Francklin, Esquire, was presented to the House, and against Eau read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are joint Proprietors of the Right of Navigation on the River Drainage Ouze, from Saint Ives's Staunch, in the County of Bill. Huntingdon, up to Barford Bridge, in the County of Bedford, and the Petittoner Susanna Palmer, is sole Proprietor of the Right of Navigation on the said River, or of the Tolls and Profits thereof from the said Bridge, up to the Town of Bedford, and the said Susanna Palmer is also sole Proprietor of the Tolls and Profits of the Navigation on the River Lark, which is a Branch of the said River Ouze) from the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, to fVor-

Cockerton and Stain-drop Road Bill passed.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday lington, in the same County; and that the Petitioners Morning next. have been 'informed, that a Bill is depending before the

House to authorize the altering the Course and Channel of a certain Part of the said River Ouze, by making An ingrossed Bill for repairing the High Road leading a new Cut from a Bend in the said River at, or near, from Cockerton Bridge, near Darlington, in the County Eau Brink, in the Parish of ggenhall Saint Mary's, in of Durham, to Staindrop, in the said County, was the County of Norfolk, into, or near, the Harbour of

read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent the Surveyor from taking Materials without giving Notice.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from Cockerton Bridge, near Darlington, in the County of Durham, to Staindrop, in the said County.

King's Lynn, and, in order to defray the Expences of the sand Work, it is intended by the said Bill to impose certain Tolls on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except Manure) to be navigated through such new Cut; and that the intended new Cut, if it should answer the Purpose of improving Drainage, will necessarily tend to impede the Navigations, by reducing the Depth of Water in the said Rivers, which, in several Parts thereof, particularly in the Old Ouze above Denver Sluice, is, at present (owing to that Sluice, and the Neglects of the Corporation

Ordered, That Mr. Milbanke do carry the Bill to the of Bedford Level) scarcely sufficient for the Passage of Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the Vessels employed thereon, but the said Cut will,

in the Opinion of at>le Engineers, be productive of Effects immediately prejudicial and eventually destructive of the Harbour of Lynn, as well as the Navigations of the River Ouse and its several Branches, in which Event the Value of the Properties of the Petitioners in the Navigations above described (acquired by great Labour ancT Expence, and held under the Sanction of a Royal Grant, and several Acts of Parliament) must be annihilated, to the Ruin of the private Fortunes of the Petitioners; and that the Tolls intended to be imposed by the said Bill on Commodities to be navigated through the said Cut will (by enhancing the Prices of such Commodities to the Consumers beyond those at which they can be supplied from other Quarters) have the Effect of turning Part of the Trade now carried on by the Navigations belonging to the Petitioners into other Channels, whereby the Profits of the said Navigations must be proportionably decreased, and may become insufficient to defray the heavy and constant Annual Expences of maintaining the said Rivers in a Navigable State: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that the Petitioners may be heard against the same, by themselves, or their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, the Low Lands near to, or adjoining, the said Levels, and also the Lands adjoining, or near, the River Ouse, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouse from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mmufrom A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Ban»riey thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, within the Town and Neighbourhood of wd Barnsley Barnsley, in the West Riding of the County of , Cual Bill. Was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners lately signed a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Canal, navigable for Boats and other Vessels, from the'River in the Township of

Warmfield cum Heath, to or near the Township of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, and also a Cut branching out of the said Canal near Barugh Mill, and ending at or near Haigh Bridge, all in the West Riding of the County of York, and also certain Roads and Ways to communicate therewith, which said Petition hath since been presented to the House; and that the Petitioners signed the said Petition under Misapprehension, and without being sufficiently acquainted with the Nature and Consequence of the Application thereby proposed to be made to the House, and they have since been, and now are, fully convinced that the said Canal and Cut, so proposed to be made, would not be attended with any Benefit or Advantage either to the Petitioners or to the Public in general, but on the contrary would be of material Prejudice to the Petitioners, and all other Persons in their Situation; and that an Application is intended to be made by the Petitioners, and many other Persons, in the next Session of Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal to branch from the Colder and Hebble Navigation,

Vol. 48.

at or near Hartley Bank and Mill Pasture,

opposite the Town of Horbury, in the West Riding of the County of York,- and passing through the Township of Barnsley, to join the Dun Navigation at or near Conisbrough, in the said West Riding, which will produce Advantages to the Petitioners and the Public in general far superior to what can possibly be derived from the Canal and Cut proposed to be made by the said Petition, and, particularly, will open a more direct and much shorter Communication between the Two Counties of Lincoln and Lancaster (which appears to be the principal Object of the said Petition) and will pass through Lands less valuable to the Public . than the Land proposed for the said Canal and Cut:

And therefore praying, That they may be at Liberty to withdraw their Names from the said Petition, and that they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said intended Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the House will grant them such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petition from are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manu- Doncaster facturers, Tradesmen, and Residents of the Town Warmfield and Neighbourhood of Doncaster, in the West Riding cum Heath of the County of York, on behalf of themselves, and and Barnsley of several other Merchants, Manufacturers, Trades-men, and Residents, within the said Town and Neighbourhood, was also presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Two Petitions have been presented to the House, the one for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut in the Township of Swinton, in the Parish of JVath, in the said Riding, to or near Silk-stone, with a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, in the Township of JVorsbrough, to unite in the Township of Barnsley with an intended Canal from > the River Colder, near Wakefield, to Haigh Bridge and Barnby Bridge, and also another Collateral Cut from the said first-mentioned Canal, in the Township of Wombwell, to a certain Close belonging to Earl Fitz-william, called Cob Car Ing, in the Township of Hoy-land, all in the said Riding, and the other of the said Petitions for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Canal from the River Colder, in the Township of Warmfield cum Heath, to or near the Township of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, and by one other Cut branching out of the said Canal pear Bantgh Mill, and ending at or near Haigh Bridge, all in the said West Riding; and that the principal Object held out by the Promoters of the said Bills, is the opening a Communication between the Counties of Lancaster and Lincoln, through the West Riding of the County of York, and it is obvious that such Communication ought to be by the shortest Route; and that the Petitioners are informed, and believe, that an Application is intended to be made, in the next Session of Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal, to branch from the Colder and Hebble Navigation at or. near Hartley Bank and Horbury Mill Pasture, opposite the Town of Horbury, in the West Riding of the County of York, and, passing through the Township of Barnsley, to join the Dun Navigation at or near Conisbrough, in the said West Riding, which, if carried into Effect, will unite all the Advantages which can possibly attend the Two Canals proposed to be made by the before-mentioned Petitions, and at the same Time will open a much shorter and more direct and immediate Communication between the Counties of Lincoln and Lancaster, and will pass through Lands of much less Value, and be attended with much less Expence:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said intended Bills, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that

5 U the

23° — 25° Marti!.

A, 1793,

Committee on Bill to prevent Traitorous Correspondence.

the House will grant them such Relief in the Premises, tine of ,instead $f the preset Salt WpnJcs gt

Account of Goods sold by the East India Company, end of Exports of East India Goods ordered.

Ways and gleans deferred.

as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Colder, in the Township of cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Township of Cawihorne, and a Collateral Cut branching out of the said intended Canal at or near Bargh Mill, to, or nearly to, Haigh Bridge, in the Township of Woolley, all in the West Riding of the County of York, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at -the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of the Goods, distinguishing the principal Articles, sold by the East India Company in the last Four Years, agreeable to the Cpm-pany's Sale Prices, and also of the Value of the Exports of East India Goods, estimated at the same Rate as the Imports, together with the Value, including the Duties of that Part which remaias for Home Consumption, token upon a Medium of Four Years.

The Order of the Pay being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself intp a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill more effectually to prevent, during the War, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Teh of the Clock.

Luna, 25° die Martii;

Anno 33° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1793.

Liverpool, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the B<U dp pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing Part of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of Qaaeq 4nne, intituled, "An Act for preventing Fraud? in the Duties upon " Salt, and for the better Payment of Debentures §t " the Custom House," which may relate to the refining and making of Salt at Pertain Works intended to be erected at Garsfon, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, instead of the present Salt Works at Liver-

ie1

flit*'

04

j»i!

it'®

rtf

"i<

0

0

:s1 3 ti I

rjj

Prayers.

Liverpool Salt Works Bill passed.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne dp carry the BUI to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchant?, Trades- Petitions so men, and principal Inhabitant? of the Towns of Selby favour of and Smith, in the West Riding of the County of York, and of Bowden, in the East Riding af the said County; and Barnsley And also, Canal Bill.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants of the Towns and Neighbourhood of Pontefract, Ferrybridge, Knottingley, and Brathertm;

And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants of the Towns of Ripen and -

bridge, in the West Riding of the County of York:

And also,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Yaking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Colder, in the Township of Warmfvdd cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Township of Cawthorne, and a Collateral Cut branching out of the said intended Canal at or near Bargh Mill, to, or nearly to, Haigh Bridge, in the Township of Woolley, all in the West Riding of the County of York: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Marl^0' Agreement entered into between the Duke of Marl- Agreement borough and Lincoln College, Oxford, was read a Se- Bm com-eond Time. miued.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Page,

Sir William Dolben, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton reported from the Com- Hurdlow

mittee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees House, Stock-for putting in execution Five Acts, passed in the Ele- pj(i venth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King tion reported. George the First, in the Third, Twenty-second, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Hurdlow House and Sherb through Buxton and Hernestone Lane Head, through Chapel the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and from Gwen to

the School House in Didsbury, and for repairing the Road from the School House in Didsbury to the Bridge in Wilmslow, in the said County of Chester, and other Road6 therein mentioned, and for turning and divert-

AN ingrossed Bill for repealing Part of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, and for the better Payment of " Debentures at the Custom House," which may relate ing the Roads from Whaley Bridge to Chapel in the to the refining and making of Salt at certain Works and to Sparrow Pit Gate, and from Whaley

intended to be erected at Garston, in the County Pala- Bridge to the Western End of Longs'tde Common, in

12 the

ifi&

15 U* -

m:

lr>

i'0>

tiv£ *1,1 ft-

Ll^i*

D'd"''9 i*ssfX }lti::

ce:v

the County of Chester, referred; That the Committee bad examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with, it not being determined to make Application to Parliament for widening and improving the Streets of the Town of Stockport, until the Time had elapsed for giving the Notices as required by the said Standing Orders, but that Notices of the Intention to apply to Parliament were given Three Times in each of Three Weekly Papers, circulated in the said Town and County, in the Month of December, and the beginning of January last; and that the like Notice was also given on the Sessions House Door at Chester, at the Time of the last Christmas Quarter Session?, and that several Public Meetings were held in the said Town, pursuant to Notice given, for consider-ipg the said Improvements; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed*; vis.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of Five several Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in the Third, Twenty-second, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hardlow House, through Buxton and Lane Head and Sparroio Pit Gate, through Chapel in the Frith, all in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and from,

near Manchester aforesaid, and from the School House in Didsbury, in the said County of Lancaster, over Cheadle Ford, across the River Mersey, to the Bridge at Wilmlow, in the said County of Chester, as relates

to the Road from Ardwick Green, by Didsbury School House, to the Bridge at Wi aforesaid, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the said Road: And that Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton and Mr. Crewe, do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of Five several Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty K.ing George the First, in the Third, Twenty-second, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton and Hernestone

Lane Head and Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in the Frith, all in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and from Ardwick Green near Manchester aforesaid, and from the School House in Didsbury, in the said County of Lancaster, over Cheadle Ford, across the River Mersey, to the Bridge at Wilmslow, in the said County of Chester, as relates to the Road from Hurdlow House, through Burton and Hernestone Lane Head and Sparrow Pit Gale, through Chapel in the Frith, and the Town of Stockport, to Manchester aforesaid, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the said Road, and for widening and improving certain Streets in the said Town of Stockport: And that Sir Robert Salisbury Cotton and Mr. Crewe, do prepare, and bring ip, the same.

Voi.. 48.

Mr. Dent presented to the House, according to Bill to amend Order, a Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Kirkty Ken-last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act formak- A2ct " ing and maintaining a Navigable Canal from sented.

" Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West " Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and " also a Navigable Branch from the said intended " Canal, at or near Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg,

" and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or,

" near, Galemoss, by Chorley, to or near in

" the said County Palatine of ," and also

for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near Galgate, to Glasson Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received, and read the First Time.

Resolved.»That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Haydon whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners for Square, &c. putting in execution an Act, passed in the Eleventh Paving Peti-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the tlonreported, better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Hay-don Square, the NewSouare, Hay don Yard, Sheepy Yard,

Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading- thereunto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein

mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Notices required by the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been given in the Manner directed by the said Standing Orders, the Agent for the Application not being apprized that such Orders existed until the beginning of February last, when he caused Notice to be inserted in the Newspaper called " The Public Ledger," and also in the Newspaper called " The Times,"

Three Times in the Month of Febrand Once in the Month of March', and a like Notice was also affixed on the Doors of the Parish Church Three Sundays in February, and One Sunday in March; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. Theophilus Green being examined, said, That the Commissioners have proceeded to put the same in execution, but that it has been found in many Respects defective, and that some of the Powers thereby granted are insufficient for the Purposes intended.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave he granted that Notices may be given at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Middlesex, and in Three Newspapers to be printed or circulated in the said County in this preseut Month of March, and in the Month of April next, or in either of them, of the Application to Parliament for a Bill to explain and amend the said Act.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the y0;ces to Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, Committee made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present on Bedford Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Cha- C1'arlty " ritable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating " the Application of the Rents and Profits of the " Estates given by Sir William Harpur, Knight, and " Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and " other Objects of Charity, of the Town of ,"

and

Wakefield end Abber-ford Road Bill passed.

J3

iti'J

is

K1

F»:

jj*

preseat Majesty, for repairing and wideping the Road A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. The Lor* from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Abberford, Montagu: haveagmd

in the West Riding of the County of York, was read Mr. Speaker, 10 j

the Third Time. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Royal Ei- ,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Companies, change As- ' be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and sell An- companies enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the nuities upon or for Lives; without any Amendment: Bill. , Twenty-ninth* Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, And also,

for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Milton Mm Wakefield to the Town of Abberford, in the West Rid- for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Moor or J"^loture; ing of the County of York. Common within the Manor of Milton, in the Parish, Bl

Ordered, That Sir William Mordaunt Milner do of Kewstoke, in the County of Somerset; without any carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concur- Amendment. - ‘

rente. And then the Messengers withdrew.

V \

444 £5° Martli. 1793.

and for the better Management and Disposition of Parish in the County of Gloucester, was

the said Estates, and the Rents and Profits thereof, is read a Second Time.

committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John

Pitt, Captain Berkeley, See.: And they are to meet An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and al- this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's tering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parlia- Chamber, ment, of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His

passed.

Cambridge -A0 ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads from the and Royston Town of Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and Roads Bill from the said Town of Cambridge to Royston, in the Counties oi Cambridge and Essex, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, that the Surveyors shall not take Materials from inclosed Lands, but under the Restrictions therein mentioned.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 20. After " the" to insert " Twenty." And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of Cambridge to a Place called Long Leys, and from the said Town of Cambridge to in the Counties of

Cambridge and Essex.

Ordered, That General Adeane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Motion to discharge the Order for Second Read-

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 20th Day of this Instant March, for reading a Second Tiihe, upon Wednesday next, the Bill for improv-,p ing the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels,

Brink and Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford

King's Lynn Level, the Low Lands near to, or adjoining, the said Drainage Bill.

Neg.

Levels, and also the Lands adjoining, or near, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Quze from, or near, a Place " called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Marys, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Order be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeBer, for.be Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, Setf&ntjVaJ

So it passed in the Negative.

Aldsworth A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Inclosure Bill Common Fields, Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and

committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread, Junior, be added to Memberadd. it the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and ed to bring» bring in, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarg- !

ing the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year Bridge Rad t of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and Bill. (a widening the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, »

in the Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike v

Road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great

Bridge, and for continuing a Road from thence to the Great Northern Road, near Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford.

Mr. Whitbread, Junior, presented to the House, Cardmgtoo according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, "d Barford and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the gjj^ Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, MDtdL '

for repairing and widening the Road from the Forty- j

eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in the

present Turnpike Road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for continuing a Road ‘

from thence to the Great Northern Road, near - '

ford Bridge, in the County of Bedford: And the same 1

was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill for repealing an Act, made Day appoiit-in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King «d,or.4' George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repealing saifordfwaran Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the nngum'&c.

" Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and Roads Bill.

" widening certain Roads leading to and from the " Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and JVigan,

" and to certain Places, called The Broad Oak in " Wtorsley, and Duxbury Slocks, in the County Palatine

" of Lancaster, for making more effectual Provision " for repairing and widening the said Roads, and also,

" for making, altering, and widening the Road from " a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft " Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to " Dawson Lane End, and also, from Agecroft Bridge,

" over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said " County," and for making more effectual Provision for the Improvement, Repair, and Maintenance of the said Roads, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Fortnight, the nth Day of April next.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to FossNavigt-whom the Bill for making and maintaining a tioD>&e'r(-Navigable Communication from the Junction of KUrewrted the River Foss with the River Ouse, at or near the and again City of York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Stil- committed. lington, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands lying on each Side of the said River Foss, was re-committed;

mitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

Bin;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-commilted to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A4fad#nd Bill for amending, improving, and keeping in W Bill6* Repair, the Road from the North End of Marsh rammed, in Ashford, in the County of Kent, to the End of the

Parish of Orlcstone, near S in Romney Marsh, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Horry-wood, Sir John Homjzvood, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Grantham Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable nf01 Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Butler, to the Town of Bingham, both in the County of Nottingham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Anne and Emma Charlton, Ladies of the Manors of Staunton, Flawborough, and Alverton, in the County of Nottingham, and of several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being greatly interested in the Waters of the River Devon; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the River Trent Navigation, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be-ingrossed.

Petition for A Petition of several Persons, residing within, or additional near, the Borough of in the County of

Provision m Worcester,w as presented to the House, and read;

to ud°rCW" Setting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes Dnntwich of the House, that a Petition, signed by several of the fio«ds Bill. Trustees for putting in execution certain Acts of Parliament for repairing the Road from the City of Worcester, to the Borough of in the said County, and several other Roads described in the said Acts, hath been presented, representing, amongst other Things, that the Money arising by virtue of the said Acts is insufficient to enable them to repair the Whole of the said Roads, and that the said Trustees are desirous of being discharged from the Care and Management of certain Branches of the said Roads therein particularly mentioned, and praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that and other Purposes; and that one of the said Branches of Road, leading from a Place called Nelhenvich Bridge, within the Borough of Droitwich, through the Lanes called Hampton Lane, and Hide Vol. 48.'

Lane, to Lam Hill on Hartlebury , being the direct Road to the Town of Kidderminster, in the said County, is, at present, in a ruinous State, and incommodious for Carriages and Passengers, and it would be of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and all other Persons residing within the said Borough, or having Occasion to make use of the said Branch of Road, if the same was put in good Repair, and the Petitioners therefore hope the House will not allow the said Trustees to be discharged from the Care and Management of the said Branch of Rond leading from Netherwich Bridge to Law Hill: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for amending and repairing the said Branch of Road leading from Netherwich Bridge to Lena Hill, in Conjunction with the Roads proposed by the said Petition, to be comprized in the said Bill, by such Ways and Means as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Edward Foley,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom Braunston the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable and Brent* Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, ^commit-in the County of Northampton, to join the River ted Bill re-Thames at New Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, ported, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question w'as proposed,

That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 9th Day of April next;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are petitions from thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Ship Owners, Gainsbo-Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, of the rough against Town and Neighbourhood of Gainsborough, in the 'umTleath County of Lincoln, on behalf of themselves, and of a„d Barnsley several other Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, Canal Bill, and Residents, within the said Town and Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Two Petitions have been presented to the House, the One for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in the Township of Swinton, in the Parish of

5 X JValh,

25° Martii.

a. im

A

Wath, in the West Riding of the County of York, to, or near, Silkstone, in the said Riding, with a Collateral

Cut from the said intended Canal, in the Township of fVorsbrough, to unite in the Township of with

an intended Canal from the River Colder, near Wake-field, to Haigh Bridge and Bridge, and also,

another Collateral Cut from the said first-mentioned Canal, in the Township of to a certain

Close belonging to Earl Fitzwilliam, called Cob Car Ing, in the Township of Hoylan all in the said Riding,

and the other of the stud Petitions, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining of a Canal from the River Colder, in the Township of Warmjicld cum Heath, to or near the Township of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge and Haigh Bridge, and by t)ne other Cut branching out of the said Canal near Barugh Mill, and ending at, or near, Haigh,

all in the said West Hiding; and that the principal Object held out by the Promoters of the said Bills is the opening a Communication between the Two Counties of Lancaster and Lincoln, through the West Riding of the County of York, and it is obvious that such Communication ought to be by the shortest Route; and that the Petitioners are informed, and believe, that an Application is intended to be made, in the next Session of Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal, to branch from the Colder and Hebble Navigation, at or Bear Hartley Bank and Horbury Mill Pasture, opposite the Town of Horbury, in the West Riding of the County of York, and, passing through the Township of Barnsley, to join the Dun Navigation at or near in the said West Riding, which, if carried into Effect, will unite all the Advantages which can possibly attend the Two Canals proposed to be made by the before-mentioned Petitions, and at the same Time will open a much shorter and more direct and immediate Communication between the Counties of Lincoln and Lancaster, and will pass through Lands of much less Value, and be attended with much less Expence: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said intended Bills, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the House will grant them such Relief in the Premises, as to the House snail seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Colder, in the Township of Warm-field cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Township of Cawthorne, and a Collateral Cut branching out of the said intended Canal at or near Bargh Mill, to, or nearly to, Haigh Bridge, in the Township of Woolley, all in the West Riding of the County of York, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Bill for raising a Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills re-

ported.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

11

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Ofder, reported Bill for nuv [tf. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingafimbw Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Sum by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One rh^arru, % (1 ‘thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was cotri- reported. mitted, the Amendments which the Committee hftd made to the Bill, and which they had directed hifn to report to the House; and ‘he "read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendmertts were Once read throughout; and then a j>

Second Time, One by‘One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. o

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Militia Pay from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill reported. - Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay arid Cloathing j

'of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called Eng- i,

land, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed '

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in "

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by one; and, upon the Question severally -

put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be '*

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and , !

to resolve itself into a Committee of Uie whole House, Means it-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the ferred- 1 Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday -

Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Poor Bill i' Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Ma- ordered* jesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief arid Em- $

" ployment of the Poor," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to »

explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Pybus, and Mr. Serjeant Watson, do prepare, arid bring in, the same.

A Petition of Thomas Clifton, Gentleman, was pre- ftjr< cMm', sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Petition re- Bill to restrain the employing of any Persons in making specting the Navigable Canals during the Time of the Corn Harvest; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner hath invented ploying P«-a Machine for cutting and removing Earth, Which sons, inmak-may be used in the making Navigable Canals, and, as lD6 Canals. Ten Men, who have been properly instructed, can with the said Machine cut and remove as great a Quantity of Earth as can be cut and removed by One hundred Labourers in the same Space of Time, the Petitioner conceives the same will be of great Public Benefit; and Representing to the House, that if he should be restrained from employing Persons in using and working his said Machine in cutting Canals, and removing the Earth in the Time of Corn Harvest, he will be a very great Sufferer, and the Farmers will receive ho real Benefit thereby; as the Persons he employs are not common Labourers employed in Harvest Work: And therefore praying That, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, Provision may be made therein, to allow him to employ Persons to use and work his said Machine in cutting Canals at all Seasons in the Year.

Ordered,

33 Geo. III. 25* — 26* Martii. '447

r

i Ua.; ' cfe,

Ordered, ^Thatt the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House 1 :c/r to res°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fomitnce de-to consider further of the Bill more effectually to pre-fcntd. vent, during the War, all Traitorous Correspondence . with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's

l Enemies, be now read.

i And the said Order being read accordinglyj

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

M Forties Bill

|ii*i

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds in the Transfers of the several Funds transfeirrable at the Bank of , be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds in the Transfers of the several Funds transferrable at the Bank of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Edward IVigg, William Spencer, William Stacey , William Halbert, Samuel Cole, William Hay ter, George Reckes,

Solomon Bedford, Thomas Miller, John Brixey, and John Tuttle, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough cif Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, for voting hereafter at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, be further adjourned till WTuesday Fortnight, the i oth Day of April next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Report of whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- Sowerby gable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Sornbrook Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish 6f Halifax, in the canal Bill West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of his deferred. Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also Certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, was committed, be received Tomorrow' Morning.

And then the House adjourned dll To-mois ow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 26° die Martii;

Motion A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, of*®? That the several Petitions presented to this House, in P*gll$ this Session of Parliament, from the Royal Burghs of Scotland, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, f., withdrawn.

JmIBorghs Ordered, That the several Petitions presented to this PfiiuoM House, in this Session of Parliament, from the Royal Burghs of Scotland, together with the several Accounts and Papers relating to the Internal Government of the said Royal Burghs, which were presented to this House in the last Parliament, be referred to the ,.[i Consideration ( of a Committee: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And they are referred to Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Grey,

; Colonel Macleod, Mr. E Mr. Tambton, Mr. Whit-

' bread.Junior, Mr. Lawrence Dundas, , Mr.

Mr. Jenkinson, Mr. Adam, Mr. Henry Hobart, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the E,arl of Mr. Wilberforce,

!rfr. Sargent, Mr. William Smith, Mr. Bur don^ Sir

mpey, Mr. Curwen, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Burch,

lajor Maitland, the Earl of Wycombe: And they are to sheet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

:r.P;-

liti'

J"..'

p'

r-iP'-

The other Orders of the Day being read;

"'f Walton Ordered, That the ^Debate on the Motion made upon > MotKw for a Wednesday last, tliajt Leave be given tp bring in a Bill ' B'!!utecer.to ^capacitate, JViiliamBern, John Hornet', fyillium tain Electors Horner, James Cooper, William Etes, William Thomas,

of Suet- ThoitiaS Hamer,. John Halbert, John Senior,

kndgefw- James Gornal, George Woodford, Thomas Major, John

toatjoura- Abbot, Thomas Mahberley, William Beaumont, John God-

dard, John Bern, Senior, Joseph Nicholas, Benjamin Rogers, Charles Stanbridge, Thomas John Elton,

Senior, William Elton, Richard Geary, John Ventham, William Briant, Edward Hayter, Cooper,

Charles Blunden, John Woodley, Robert Gatehouse, i Mm Tonge, John Hulbert, Senior, Charles Salter, John

Esther, Job Darnford, John William Tibbie,

Httgh Goddard, Edward Bartley, Hugh John

Saunders, John Edmonds, James Harris, Thomas Haines, John Elion, Senior, James Elton, Josiah , Joseph Coles, John Arlelt, William Haines, George VOl. 48.

Anno 33° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1793.

Praters.

A PETITION of sundry Persons, whose Names retition for are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of additional Stock in the Million Bank, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners ^‘Henk ^ma observe a Bill is depending in the House, to incorporate certain Persons a Society for the Grant, Purchase, and Sale of Annuities for Lives, by which it is intended that the Million Bank Society should he dissolved; and that the Petitioners are unwilling to engage in the said Undertaking, but do not object to the said Society being dissolved, as intended by the said Bill, provided that Provision is made therein, to secure to them the Payment of their just and legal Share of the Stock or Fund of th'e said Society, and all Accumulation^ thereof to the present Time: And therefore praying,

That Provision may be riiade in the skid Bill for the above Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to incorporate certain Persons, therein to be named, a Society for the Grant, Purchase, and Sale of Annuities for Lives, or for Terms of Years, ii coriimitted.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-riiittee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, uukhamp-made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty ton Harbour King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for erect- Bill passed. " ing Piers in, and for repairing, and keeping in Repair,

" the Harbour of Litllehamplon, called Arundel Port,

" in the County of Sussex," and for empowering the Commissioners acting under the said Act to improve the Navigation of the River ArUti, from the said Harbour to the Town of Arundel, in the said County, was read the Third Tiriie.

An ingrossed Clause tvas offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that rio Road or Way shall be made over the Duke of Lands with-

out Permission.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then

448 ' 26° Mar1793.

Then the Amendment following Was proposed to be Stone, in the County of was read the Third

made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 43. 1. 29. After " Bailiff," to insert " or any "other Right, Title, Interest, or " Privilege of the said Duke."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill Was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting Piers in, " and for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour " of Littlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Sussex" and for empowering the Commissioners acting under the said Act to improve the Navigation of the River Arun, from the said Harbour, to the Town of Arundel, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Sargent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Glasgow and Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Com-«°rtjB>un<laS miftee> to whom the Petition of the Company of Pro-reported! tl°n Prietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Seton, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Company of Proprietors of the Forth and Clyde Navigation have expended the Sum of 2,460, and upwards, in the making a Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Port Dunyas, and from Port Dundas to the High Road leading from Glasgow to Garscube Bridge, by Bobbie's Loan, in the Barony, Parish, and County of Lanerk, which is of considerable Advantage and Benefit to all Persons residing and carrying on Trade in that Part of the Country, and also of great Public Utility: — And the Witness further said, That the said Road cannot be properly completed, maintained, repaired, and improved, unless Power is given to levy Tolls, and to borrow Money for these Purposes, and to purchase Ground for erecting a Toll House, and for other Purposes connected with the proper Management of the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for completing, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Port Dundas, and from Port Dundas to the High Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Garscube Bridge, by Double's Loan, in the County of Lanerk: And that Lord Frederick Campbell and Sir Archibald Edmonslone do prepare, and bring in, the same.

St. Neats and A Bill to continue the Term and Powers of an

»aijbnafe Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Rdad Bril _ r . . , .

committed, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing

" and widening the Road from the West End of

" Saint Ire's Lane, in the Town of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End

" of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge," was read

a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Lancelot Brown, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lightwood An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclos-Inclosure Bill ing the Common or Waste Ground, called Lightwood, passed. within the Township of in the Parish of

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Common or Waste Ground, called Lightwood, within the Township of Normacott, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That the Earl Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Aston Up-Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, thorpe Inclo-Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the!sureB?11 Hamlet of Aston Upthorpe, in the Parish of Blewbury, commut in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Van-sittart, Mr. Hartley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petitions in are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and Favour of others, Breeders and Graziers of Sheep, in the Counties Ea" JJrin,k of Norfolk, Suffolk, Huntingdon, and Cambridge, in- Lynn Dmn-cluding the Isle of Ely: And also, age Bill.

Another Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Breeders and Graziers of Sheep, in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Huntingdon, and Cambridge, in-, eluding the Isle of Ely: And also,

Another Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Breeders and Graziers of Sheep, in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Huntingdon, and Cambridge, including the Isle of Ely: And also,

Another Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Breeders and Graziers of Sheep, in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Huntingdon, and Cambridge, including the Isle of Ely;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that a Bill is depending in Parliament for making a new River or Cut from Eau Brink to Lynn, through the Marshes, nearly in a straight Direction: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to FossNavi-whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable gation, &c. Communication from the Junction of the River Foss againre-com-with the River Ouse, at or near the City of York, to "!^ted Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Stillington, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands lying on each Side of the said River Foss, was again re-committed; That the Committee had made some further Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One- by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are petition from thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and Owners of others, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cot- Estate* tages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor and ^1 nclosure Township of Armley, in the West Riding of the Bill. County of York, was presented to the House, and

read;

33 Gf.o. III. ' 2 6° Mar.

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that certain Owners of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Township have presented a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing and Inclosing a certain Parcel of Waste Ground, called Armley Moor, and other Waste Ground within the said Manor and Township of and that the Peti-

tioners are Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, in the said Manor and Township, and by virtue thereof, of otherwise, have an indisputable Right of Common upon the said Moor, called Armley and the Waste Ground

aforesaid, and they conceive that an Inclosure of the said Moor and Waste Ground would be productive of no Advantage to any of the Proprietors claiming a Right of Common thereon, but, on the contrary, would very materially injure and prejudice their respective Estates in the said Township, by laying upon the said Township the Burthen of making, maintaining, and repairing the necessary new' Roads, which must be set out to a considerable Extent over the said Moor and Waste Ground, and also by increasing the Poors Rate, inasmuch as the Petitioners conceive that the Inhabitants of the said Town of , who are

very numerous, and principally poor Manufacturers of broad Woollen Cloth, receive considerable Benefit and Advantage from the present open State of the said Moor and Waste Ground, particularly in having Tenters and Frames to stretch and dry their Cloth, Warps, and Wool, after it has been dyed, put iip and fixed upon the said Moor and Waste Ground, which Privileges and Advantages have hitherto conduced to alleviate the Distresses and Hardships of the said Poor Manufacturers in the said Township of Armley, and which, if the said Inclosure takes Place, they will be totally deprived of, and reduced to Poverty and Want: And therefore praying. That, in case any Bill should be brought into the House pursuant to any Petition, that they may be heard, by their Counsel and Witnesses, to oppose the same, or that the Petitioners may have such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Armley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

ifr. Sut- A Petition of William Sutcliffe, of Stubbing, in the dish's P?u- Towmship of Sowcrby, in the Parish of Halifax, and sTwetby05'1 County of York, Yeoman, together with Two Papers Bridge and thereunto annexed, was presented to the House, and Cornbmok read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and main-Cdnal Bill, taining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Navigation, at or near Sowcrby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner's House, called Stubbing, is situate in Sower by, in the Parish of Halifax, as are also the Garden and Orchard thereto belonging, but the Ground South of, and above, the Petitioner's Orchard Wall is in the Township of ringden, in the said Parish of; and that, on the

6th Day of this Instant March, Mr. Christopher Raw-don applied to the Petitioner with the Paper Writing annexed to the Petition, signed, " Geo. Travis, Joseph Pickford, John Royds, Geo. Bowen, John Hamer, Edward Tooke, John , Junior," requesting the

Vo l. 48.

Leave or Consent of the Petitioner to make the said intended Canal through his Ground in aforesaid above his Orchard Wall, but not through his Orchard or Garden; and the Petitioner, by Writing under his Hand delivered to Mr. Rawdon, consented that it might go through the Ground above, or South of, the Orchard, but not through the Orchard or Garden, or any Part thereof; and that, to induce the Petitioner to give such Consent, the said Mr. Rawdon drew and signed the Paper Writing also annexed to the Petition, and where to his Name is subscribed; and that the Petitioner hath not at any Time consented to the making or cutting the said intended Canal through his said Orchard or Garden, but, on the contrary, hath at all Times, when applied to for such his Consent, declared that he would not consent thereto: And therefore praying, That the said Two several Paper Writings may be referred to by the House, and that no Power may be given by the said Bill to authorize the Company of Proprietors therein named to make or cut the said intended Canal through his said Orchard or Garden, but, on the contrary, that they may be by the said Bill restrained therefrom, and that the Petitioner may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against such Part and Parts of the said Bill, as may tend to grant any such Power as aforesaid, and that the Petitioner may have such further or other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said- Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, Halifax and Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the populous Manufacturing Towns and Parishes of Hal fax, and Hudders- Warmfield field, in the West Riding of the County of York, cum Heath on Behalf of themselves and of several other Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, Cana 1 of the said Towns and Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Two Petitions have been presented to the House, the one for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Canal from the-' "

River Dun Navigation Cut, in the Township of ton, in the Parish of Wath, in the said Riding to, or near to, Silkstone, in the said Riding, with a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, in the Township of Worsbrough, to unite, in the Township of Barnsley, with an intended Canal from the River Calder, near Wakfield, to Haigh Bridge and Barnby Bridge, and also another Collateral Cut from the said first-mentioned Canal, in the Township of to a certain Close belonging to Earl Fitzwilliam, called Cob Car Ing, in the Township of Hoyland, all in the said Riding; and the other of the said Petitions for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Canal from the River Calder, in the Township of Warm-field cum Heath, to or near the Township of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, and by one other Cut branching out of the said Canal near Barugh and ending at or near Haigh Bridge, all in the said West Riding; and that the principal Object held out by the Promoters of the said Bills is the opening a Communication between the Two Counties of Lancaster and Lincoln, through the West Riding of the County of York, and it is obvious that such Communication ought to be by the shortest Route; and that the Petitioners are informed, and believe that an Application is intended to be made, in the next Session of Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal, to branch from the Calder and HebbleNavigation at or near Hart-

ley Bank and Horbury Mill Pasture, opposite the Town of Horbury, in the West Riding of the County of York, and, passing through the Township of Barnsley,

5Y to

Shrewsbury and Nether-. Ppol Canal Bilheported*

Petition against the Bill to extend the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Cana!.

450 26° Martii: A. 1795.

to joih the Dn>i Navigation at or near Conisbrough, Mill, in the Parish of Bury, in the County of Lanin the said West Riding, frhich, if carried into effect, caster, to, and into hie Colder Navigation, at, or will unite all the Advantages which can possibly at- near to, Bridge, in the County of York;

tend the Two Canals proposed to be made by the and that there are, upon the River Roach, and the before-mentioned Petitions, and at the same Time Streams and Rivulets running into it, a great Num-will not only open a much shorter and more direct, ber of very valuable Water Mills, anil the Petitioners immediate, arid comihodioiis Communication between have reason to apprehend, that it is not practicable to the Counties of Liticdbi and Lancaster, but will also make and maintain the said intended Canal, upon the supply the populous Manufacturing Towns and Pa- Line and Level proposed, without taking and inter-ri&hes of Halifax and Hudtkrtfield with Coal, many tepting many of the Brooks, Springs, and Feeders Miles nearer, and will also pass through Lands of less flowing into and Supplying the said River Roach, and Vdlu'e, and be attended with a much less Expence: in such Manner as will deprive the Mills and Manu-

Artd thereforfe praying, That they may be heard, by factories thereupon of their necessary and ordinary Sup-themselves, or Counsel, fagairist the said intended Bills, ply of Water, not only to the essential Injury of the and that the same miy not phss into d Law, or that the Petitioners, but to the Injury of the Trade of the Country House ririll grant them such Relief in the Premises as and the Public: And therefore praying, That they may to th'e House shall seem meet. be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the

Ordered, That the Said Petition do lie upon the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law,

Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a and that the Petitioners may have such further and

Navigable Catfal from the River Colder, in the Town- other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

ship of Wdrrttfield cUrh Heath, to or nfear the Town of Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

Bttrrtsley, arid from thence to Bamby Bridge, in the until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Township of Ctttcfkarrte, hod a Collateral Cut branching Canal from the > Bolton, and Bury Canal,

orit of the Said intended Canal at or near Barugh Mill, now making at, or nearly at, a Place called Hindcs to, or nearly To, Hingh Bridge, in the Township of Mill, in the Parish of Buiy, in the County Palatine Woolley, hll in thie West Riding of the County of York, of Lancaster, to, and into, the Colder Navigation, be riead a Second Trine; und that the Petitioners be at or near to Sowerby Bridge, in the Parish of Holi-then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said fax, in the West Riding of the County of York,

Bill, upriri their Petition, if the'y think fit. and also another Navigable Canal from the said Man-

Ordered, That Cdiinsel be admitted to be heard, at Chester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, at Bolton, to a the same time, in Favour-of the stfid Bill, 'against the Place at, or near to Red Moss, in the Township of said Petition. Blackr in the said County of , be read a

Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard,

Mr. 'Kyndstonreported frotn the Committee, to by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon

whom the ' Bill for making arid maintaining a Navi- their Petition, if they think fit.

gable Canal from the River Secern, at or near Shrews- Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to bfe heard, at bury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at the saute Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the '6r near Nether 'Pool, in the County of Chester, and also said Petition, certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Cana),

whs committed; and to whom the Petition of Joseph A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Braunston Crewe, Esquife, Thomas Baxter, Gentleman, Alexander posed, That the ingrossed Bill for making and main- and I'.reit-Eaton, Gentleman, Thomas Barnes, Gentleman, and taining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Catherine Stdebothak, Widow, I;Ne Of the . Owners Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, PdS5L and Proprietors of the Water Works erected within to join the River Thames at Brentford, in the the City of Chester, upon the'River Dee, for the sup- County of Middlesex, and also for making and main-plying of the Said City with Water from the same taining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended RiVer, and aho ‘Owners of'divers Mills situate within Canal, be now read the Third Time; the said'City‘and the "Liberties thereof, and upon the The Amendments following were proposed to be said River ‘Dee, on Behalf of themselves, and others, the made to the Question; viz.

Owners and Proprietors of the said Water Works and To leave out the Word " now'," and at the End of Mills; and also, the'Petition of the'Company of Pro- the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Six

prietors of the Uhdertaking for recovering and pre- Months."

serving the Navigation of the River Dee, were severally And the Question being put, That the Word " now "

referred; That the Committee had considered the stand part of the Question;

said Petitions; and had' examined the Allegations of It was resolved in the Affirmative.

the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that Then the main Question being put.

the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third

several Amendments thereunto, which they had di- Time.

rected him to report to‘the House; and he read the The said Bill was accordingly read the Third 'Report in Iris Place; and afterwards delivered the Time.

Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable

arid then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon Canal from the Canal Navigation at

the "Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to in the County of Northampton, to join the River by the House. Thames, at or near Brentford, in the County of Mid-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be dlesex, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said ingrosSed. intended Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

A Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of MiHs Lords, and desire their Concurrence, upon the " River Roach, and the Streams and Rivulets

flowing into that River, whose Names are thereunto The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from Account f subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Set- the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Goods sold ting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, by the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar,.-presented y^her.it Votes, that a Bill is depending for making and main- to the House, pursuant to their Order.

taining a Navigable Canal from the Manchester, Bolton, An Account of the Value of the Goods, distinguishing pre>VntcJ. and Bury Canal, now making at'a'Place called Hindes the principal Articles, sold by the East India Company

in

Bill for Tailing a Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills passed.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills passed.

Mr. Clax-too's Bill presented.

Strarkstone Canal Bill reported.

4L

in the last Four Years, agreeable to the Company's Sale Prices, and also of the Value of the Exports of East India Goods, estimated at the same Rate as the Imports, together with the Value, including the Duties of that Part which remains for Home Consumption, taken upon a Medium of Four Years.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the RH1 to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Sheffield presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Robert ,of Bristol,

Merchant, to take the Oath prescribed, and directed to be taken, by an Act of the Twenty-sixth Yearpf His present Majesty, for the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Augustus iHenry Cavendish reported from the Committee, to w hom the' Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable ‘Canal.from the River Trent, -at, or near,.a certain Place called ' Bridge, to

and through the Liberty of the [Borough of Det'by, to Little Eaton, with a Cut out of the said Canal in, or near, the said Borough, to join the ErezcQsh Canal, near Sandiaci'e, in the County oiDei'by, and for malting and maintaining Railways or Stone ‘RQads from such Cut or Canal to several Collieries in the Parishes of Dtnby, Horsley, and Smalley, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had' gone through the

Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directeid him to report to the HoiAe; and

he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Ojie by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Hill, empowering the Owners of Mills on the River Derwent to appoint an Agent.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to, by the House* to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vo L,48.

A Petition of the Hosiers and Bleachers of the Bo* Petition from rough of Derby, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by pttual^Art an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present 23 Geo. III. Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement for En* of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, it is enacted, that, from the 1st Day of Ja- an<jCotion tiuary 1784, it shall be lawful for any Person or Per- Manufac-sons in the manufacturing of Flax or Cotton, and tures-bringing the same to a finished State for Sale, or in any Part of the Process thereof, and who shall employ and consume any Quantity of Soap or Starch in the preparing, bleaching, whitening, and bringing of Flax or Cotton to a finished Manufacture for Sale, or ip any Part of the Progress of the same (except ns therein mentioned) to make Proof, by Oath, before the Collector or Supervisor of Excise of the District or Division, of the Kinds and Quantities of the Manufactures so made, prepared, whitened, or finished, and the Quantities and Kinds of the Soap or Starch \vhich were actually employed and consumed therein, and that the said Collector of Excise, out of the Money in his Hands, which shall have arisen for the Duty upon Soap, granted by the Statute of the Tenth of Queen Anne, Chapter the 10th, ant) continued by the Statute of the Third of King George the First, Chapter the 7th, shall forthwith pay to such Manufacturers a Drawback of the Duty on Soap, at the Rate of Three Farthings for every Pound Weight of Hard Soapi and Three Farthings for every Pound Weight of Soft Soap, which shall be used and consumed in preparing and finishing all Mlmufacbiires from Flax or Cpttqti for Sale (except as therein mentioned) and that the said Collector, out of the jM°ney in his Hands, wfiich shall have arisen for the Duties upon Starch, shall pay to such Manufacturers a Drawback of the Duties on Starch, at the Rate of One Peony Half-penny for c.very Pound Weight.of Starch which shall he used and consumed in preparing and finishing all Manufactures from Flax or Cotton lor Sale (except as therein mentioned) and that the said Collector, out of the Money in his Hands, which shall have arisen for the Duties upon Starch, shall pay to such Manufacturers Three Pence fqr every Pqund \Veight of Starch which shall be used and consumed in finishing pew Linen in the Piece for, Sale; and that the said Statute of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, which was to continue in forge for Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then nqxt Session of Parliament, having, by Experience, been found useful and beneficial, hath been cpntinued, from Time to Time, by subsequent Statutes, and, if not further continued, will expire this Session; and that the Petitioners are convinced the Allowance, of the above Drawback has been highly advantageous to tbb Manufacturers of F^x and(Cptton, and, if the same is not continued, ,tj>e Imposition of such additional high Duties wijl fie extremely detrimental and injurious: And therefore praying, the House to take the above ipto Consideration, and to pass a Bill, either for making perpetual the said Act of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, or for continuing the same for such further Term as the House shall think expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, who are appointed to enquire what Lqws are expired, or near expiring,

.and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

A Bill to continue the Terms of Two several Acts, Godman-passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign, of fiis late che*ier Majesty King George the Second, and1 in the Third HoaJ f1'11 Year of the Reign of, His present Majesty, for, repair- conitn, Ue ing and, widening the Road leading from Godnuftichcs- ter, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fens tan ton

and

and Cambridge, \o the first Rubbing House on Merc-viarhet Heath, in the County of Cambridge, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lancelot Brown, Mr. Thornton, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition from A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Merchants, Tra-

Huntingcion ders, Land Owners, and others, Inhabitants of the B^tnkan^11 bounty of Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto King'sTyrm subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and the other Drainage Inhabitants of the said County, was presented to the

Bill. House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that a Bill is depending in the House to authorize the altering the Course and Channel of the River Ouze, by making a new Cut from a Bend in the said River at, or near, Eau Brink, in the Parish of JViggenhallSaint Mary, in the County of Norfolk, to, or near, the Town and Harbour of Lynn, and for imposing certain Tolls on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, to be navigated through such new Cut, towards defraying the Expence of the intended Act, and the Works to be executed pursuant thereto; and that, by the Navigation of the said River Ouze, the Inhabitants of the County of Huntingdon are supplied from the Port of Lynn with Coals, Deals, and various other Commodities, and are enabled to export the Corn, Timber, and other Produce of their Lands, and the Petitioners are advised and fully convinced that the intended new Cut (the real Design whereof is to amend the Drainage of certain Fen and Low Lands belonging to the Promoters of the said Bill) will not, if carried into Effect, improve the Navigation of the said River, but will, in its Consequences, prove highly injurious thereto, and, in the Opinion of able and skilful Engineers, it will endanger the total Ruin of the Port of Lynn, and consequently may annihilate the great Inland and Foreign Commerce carried on therefrom, to the great Decrease of the Public Revenue, and the irreparable Injury and Inconvenience of the Inhabitants of the County of Huntingdon, and the numerous other Counties into which the River Ouze and its various Navigable Branches extend; and that the Tolls intended to be imposed by the said Bill must operate as an unjust and heavy Tax on the Consumers of Articles imported, and on the Growers of the Home Produce, exported by the said Navigation, towards defraying the Expence of a doubtful and hazardous Scheme of Drainage, from which they can derive no Benefit, but may sustain serious Losses and Inconvenience: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, but that the Petitioners may be heard against the same, by themselves, or their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, the Low Lands near to, or adjoining, the said Levels, and also the Lands adjoining, or near, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County, and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of JViggenhall Saint Marys, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Petition iu A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, favour of of the Town of Beverl, and of the Gentlemen, Warmfield Tradesmen, and principal Inhabitants, of the Towns of Beverley, AldrkctJVciglilon, and Pocklington, in the eu:

East Riding of the County of York, was presented to ®:'c the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners LB' are informed, that Application is making to Parliament for a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from the River Colder, below IVak field, to and above Barnsley, in the West Hiding of the County of York: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

General Adeane reported from the Committee, to Pet‘ti whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose £')ecl,'. Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands f0, Ea bordering on The Hundred Foot River, between the and K| lower End of The Hundred Foot River, and L)'nn.

Ives, on Behalf of themselves and others; and also, the Report which, upon the 13th Day of this Instant Ior Aiarch, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, interested in the Navigation of the River Ouze, to and from the Town of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and also the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others. Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes of Colne, Somersham, JVarhoys, Berry, Ramsey

with Higley, Pid/ey and Fenton, and Eariih,

Hollyu'ell and Ncedingworth, Saint Ives, Houghton anil JVitton, Oldhurst, Woodhurst, Broughton, Little Upwood with Great RavelyStandground, Farcett, Yaxley, Stilton, Caldicot, Denton, Glation, Holme, C:m-nington, Sazctrey All Saints, Saint Judith and

Saint Andrew, Woodwalton, Hadden, Waternezcton, Stibbington with Sibson, JVo and Fletion, in the County of Huntingdon; Isleham, Ford/tam, wade, Swajj'ham Prior with Reach,

Burrell with Reach, JVickin, Soham, Barzcay, Boltisham,

Qui, Dillon, IJorningsey, Waterbeach, Landbcach, Chesterton, Milton, Cottenhum, Hampton, Willingham, Over, and Szcaccy, in the County of Brandon,

IVangford, Lakenheath, Eriswell, Mildcnh alt, JVor ling ton,

Frcckingham, and Earning, in the County of Sit folk; JViggenhall Saint Mary's, JViggenhall Saint JViggenhall Saint Peter's, JViggenhall Saint Mary Magdalen, JVcst Lynn with North Lynn, ringionSaint ClciTlent's, Terrington Saint Johns,

Saint Peter's, Jtwlpole Saint Andrew's,

JValsoken, Enmeth, Ti/ney all Saints, Saint Lawrence, Tilney cum Islington, South Lynn, North Runcton,

Hardwick and Setchy, JVormegay/TcJVailing ton,

Runcton, Runcton Holme, TStow Bardolph,

Wimbotsham, Dozvnham Market, Ryston and Roxham,

Denver, Fordham, Iiilgay, Souther a. Felt well Saint Mary's, Feltzce/l Saint Nicholas,

Metlrwold, Norlhzvold, Oxburgh, Fouldtn, Stoke Ferry,

JVretton, JVcreham, Jlrcst Dcrcham, Outzcell, Upzail, and JVelney, in the County of Norfolk; Elm,

Upzcell, JVelney, Maney, Stuntney, Ely Trinity, Ely Saint Mary's, Churcham otherwise Chettisham,

Slretham, Theiford, Downham,

JViicham, Wingford or JVentuorth

ham, Alepal, Sutton, M:rch, Doddington with blington, Bemrick, Challcris, Whittlesca Saint Whittlesea Saint Andrew, and J I'is beach, within the Isle of Ely, was referred; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of Lands bordering on the River between Reachlode and Clayhithe Sluice, on behalf of themselves, and others, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House,* and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it

26° Ifartii.

453

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; find is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the? Standing Order of the House, of the 26th Day of May, 1685, which directs, that no Private Bill shall be brought into this House, but upon a Petition first presented, truly stating the Case; and also, the First and Second of the Standing Orders of the House, made upon the 7th Day of June 1792, relating to Navigable Canals, Aqueducts, and the Navigation of Rivers, were read: Then,

The following Passages from a Clause in a Bill, now depending in the House, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining or near to the said Levels; as also the Lands adjoining or near to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfodraining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of Kings Lynn, in the said County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouse from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn, were read; viz.

" And whereas, by the making of the said New " River or Cut, the Water at Denver, Salter's Lode,

" and Old Bedford Sluices, and in The Hundred Foot " Biver, may be lowered under the present Low Water Mark or Level, and the Navigation from Denver, to Cambridge, Saint , Stoke, Brandon, and " Mildenhall, and from Salter's Lode, through the

" Rivers Nene and Old Bedford, may be somewhat " impeded for Want of a sufficient Depth of Water:

" And, to the End that the Navigation through the " said Rivers may not be injured, Be it further " Enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drainage shall, and they are hereby directed to make,

" erect, and support, upon the River Cam or Grant,

" between Reachlode and Clayhithe Sluice, One or

" more good and sufficient Staunch or Staunches,

" Lock or Locks, Pen Sluice or Sluices, for keeping " a sufficient Depth of Water above the said " lode; and also shall or may, if necessary, make,

" erect, and support, between the lower End of The " Hundred Foot River, and Saint Ives, a good and " sufficient Staunch, Lock or Pen Sluice, for, keeping a sufficient Depth of Water in the said Hundred

Foot River."

And another Clause in the said Bill was also read, as follows:

- " Provided always, And be it further Enacted,

" That if, by the Erection of any Staunch, Lock, or " Sluice as aforesaid, the Drainage of the Waters " from Bottisham and Swaff Fens shall be impeded, that then and in such Case, the said Commissioners for Drainage shall, and they are hereby " directed to make, as soon as may be, such Drains " and Sluices for conveying the Waters of the said " Bottisham and Swaffham Fens, into the River Cam " or Grant, below the said Staunch, Lock, or Sluice,

" intended to be erected at or near Reachlode, as shall " be deemed necessary and expedient by Three Engineers, to be nominated as follows, that is to say,

" One by the said Commissioners for Drainage, another by the said Commissioners for the Time being " for draining the said Bottisham and Swaffham Fens,

" and the Third by the said Two Engineers so to be " nominated as aforesaid."

And it appeared, by the Report made from the Committee to whom the several Petitions for Leave to bring in the said Bill were referred, That Robert Mylne, Esquire, having been examined before the said Committee, had given an Account of certain Works stated in the said Petitions, and where they were to be made; and that having been asked, " Whether, in the Description he has given, he includes Vol. 48.

" all the Works that are to be made for this Purpose ?

" he said, With respect to the Remainder of the " Works, he begs Leave to refer to the Estimate,

" which details them. As to the Works for the Improvement of the Navigation, he begs Leave to " refer to the Estimate — whatever Title is given to " the Estimate, it is certainly for the Improvement of " the Navigation, as well as the Preservation of it — " and being asked to explain, What are the Works " necessary to be done to preserve the Drainage of " that Part of Swaffham and Bottisham District, lying " above Swaffham Load, and up by the Hard Lands " to Clayhithe ? he said, There is a particular Article in the Estimate to that Head, to wit, a Pound " Lock to be erected upon the Cam or Grant, to "maintain the Water up to such a Level, as that " Boats shall enter Clayhithe Sluice at all Times, " which they cannot do at present, which Article "amounts to 1,500l. — another Article of 500l. " leads pointedly to the Question that is asked."

Then Mr. Thomas Archer being examined, said, That he knows the Persons who have subscribed the Petition with respect to The Hundred Foot River, and that they are Proprietors of Lands, at or near a Place called Ox-lode, in the Parish of Dawnham, in the Isle of Ely, near or adjoining to The Hundred Foot River — That their Lands are situate between Ives, and the lower End of The Hundred Foot; and he is of Opinion, that the said River could not overflow there without affecting the Lands of the Petitioners.

And being further examined, he said, That he knows the Persons who signed the Petition respecting the River Cam; and that they are Proprietors of Lands adjoining or very near that River, in the Parish of Waterbeach — that the Parish of Waterbeach is nearly

opposite to Bottisham and Swaffham, and he conceives the Cam could not overflow in that Part, without injuring some of their Lands.

And it appeared to your Committee, That no Notices applicable to the Works referred to in the Petitions had been given, either in the County of Cambridge, the Isle of Ely, or the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for amending" and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for taking down and re-building the Parish Church " of All Saints, within the Town and County of the " Town of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for " the Purpose of a Church Yard for the Use of the " said Parish," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for taking " down and re-building the Parish Church of All " Saints, within the Town and County of the Town " of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for the " Purpose of a Church Yard for the Use of the said Parish."

Ordered, That Mr. A my at t do cari*y the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Scudamore reported from the Committee, to wholn the Petition of the several Proprietors of the Herefordshire and Gloucestershire Canal Navigation, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Company of Pro-, prietors of the said Canal Navigation, was referred; that the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had not been complied with, because, by the Act -of the Thirty-first Year of His present

5 Majesty's

Southampton Church Bill passed.

Hereford and Gloucester Canal Navigation Petition reported.

Majesty's Reign, empowering the said Company of Pro* prietors to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the City of Hertford to the City of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut to the Town of , in the County of Gloucester, the said Company were restricted from beginning to make the Canal till /the Sum of

75,000 /; was subscribed, which was not completed till the Month of October last, and that some Time afterwards the Engineer was directed to make a Survey of the Line from Tilley's Green to Barber's Bridge, which was found to be more eligible in every Respect than the Line directed by the said Act — that the Alteration of the Line of the Canal at TVergin's Meadow, and the Extension thereof at Hereford, will be bene* ficial to the Country by shortening the Length of the Canal, and by carrying it nearer to the Centre of the City of Hereford', and that the Land Owners have . almost unanimously consented to the Deviations and Extension aforesaid, and that Notices thereof were published in The London Gazette on the 16th, 19th, and 23d Days of this Instant March, and in The Gloucester Gazette, The Gloucester Journal, and The Hertford Journal, Three several Times, in the Months of January and February last; that Notice was also affixed on the Sessions House Doors at Hertford and Gloucester last Christmas Sessions; and the Plan of the Line of the Deviation from Tilley's Green to Barber's Bridge, and Book of Reference thereto, were deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, on or before the 18th Day of January last, and that the Plan of the Extension to or near the City of Hereford \and of the Deviation over the IVergin's Meadow, and Books of Reference thereto, were de* posited with the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Hertford, on the 22d Day of this Instant March; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and bad directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act of the Thirty-first of His present Majesty, was read: And

Mr. Josiah Clowes, an Engineer, being examined, said, That Surveys and Levels have been taken, to ascertain the Practicability of making the Deviations and Extension before-mentioned, and as described in the Petition, and the same are found to be highly practicable and eligible. — Then,

Mr. Thomas Wame and Mr. Anthony Roberts, con* firmed the Evidence of Mr. Clowes, and further said, That the said Deviations and Extension will be attended with great Advantage to the Counties of Hertford and Gloucester, and be of Public Utility, in as much as the Line will pass through a Country abounding with Coal and Lime Stone.

Mr. William Griffith also confirmed the Evidence respecting the Public Utility of the Deviations and Extension, and added, that it will be necessary, in certain Instances, to explain and amend the said Act Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to vary and extend the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable " Canal from the City of Hertford to the City of " Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to " the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucester," and to amend the said Act: And that Mr. Scudamore, Mr. Walwyn, and Sir George Camewall, - do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bin respect- A Bill for altering the Provisions of an Act, passed Beercom- *n Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present mitted. Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable for Beer

and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as respects the Quality of Table Beer brewed by Common Brewers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 9th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Million Bank to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill deferred, upon the Bill to incorporate certain Persons, therein to be named, a Society for the Grant, Purchase, and Sale of Annuities for Laves, or for Terms of Years;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, the 15th Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, Report Ex-who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, P*nng Laws, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That so much of an Act, made in the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to impower the Importers or Proprietors of Rum or Spirits " of the British Sugar Plantations to land the same,

" before Payment of the Duties of Excise charged " thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses*

" at their own Expence; and for the Relief of Ralph " Barrow, in respect to the Duty on some Rock Salt,

" lost by the Overflowing of the Rivers Weaver and " Dane, as relates to the landing of Rum or Spirits

of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to the lodging of the same in Warehouses, at the Expence of the Importers or Proprietors thereof, which was to continue in Force from the 29th Day of September 1742 to the 29th Day of September 1749, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, of the Twenty-third and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the Fourth, Eleventh, and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was farther continued until the 29th Day of September 1785, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was amended, and further continued until the 29th Day of September 1792, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act* made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An " Act for giving further Encouragement for the Importation of Naval Stores; and for other Purposes " therein mentioned," as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber, and of the Goods commonly called Lumber, therein particularly enumerated, from any of His Majesty's British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions

whatsoever, which was to be in Force for Twenty-

one

one Years, from the 24th Day of June 1722, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Sixteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth, Twelfth, Nineteenth, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1792, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Liberty to carry Sugars, of " the Growth, Produce or Manufacture, of any of " His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, from the " said Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships " built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law," which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 29th Day of 739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Seventeenth, Twenty-fourth and Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and the Fourth, Twelfth, Eighteenth, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1792, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the fiook " of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants " and Raisins, and for making the Importer of such " Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof, " and for explaining the said Rule with respect to such " Allowance for Damage on other Goods; and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this " Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, for a limited Time," as permits the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, which was to continue in Force until the 24th Day of June 1779, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Three Acts made in the Twentieth, Twenty-third, and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1792, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain " Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and " taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign " Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax," which said Act was by Two other Acts, made in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended and continued until the 24th Day of 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Three other Acts made in the Twenty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1792, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " explain, amend, and extend to other Tools and " Utensils, an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act " to prohibit the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Vol. 48.

" Tools and Utensils made Use of in foe Iron and " Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen employed " in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the " Seas," which was to be in Force until the End of foe then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts made in the Twenty.seventh. Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty-first, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain," which was to continue in Force for Two Years, from the 1st Day of January 1784, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, which said Act was by several Acts made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-eighth, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, further continued until the 25th Day of March 1793, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for making Allowances to the Dealers in " Foreign Wines, for the Stock of certain Foreign " Wines in their Possession, at a certain Time, upon " which foe Duties on Importation have been paid,

" and for amending several Laws relative to the " Revenue of Excise," as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed, and taken to be, of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometer, commonly called Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to be in Force until the 5th Day of April 1788, and which, by several Acts made in the Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty-first, and Thirty-second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was continued until the End of this present Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " discontinue for a limited Time the Payment of the " Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home " Consumption, and for granting and securing the due " Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the " better Regulation of the making and vending British " Spirits, and for discontinuing for a limited Time,

" ertain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits " imported from the West In," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discontinue, for a limited Time, the several Dutiespayable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and " upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for " discontinuing for a limited Time, the several Duties " payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, u and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there " used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting " to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof, ana " for better regulating the Exportation of British made " Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland

" to.

Committee on Vagabonds, &c. Bill.

Reported.

" to England, and to Continue, for a limited Time, an " Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign " of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines " and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties " in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the " making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and " Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the " West Indies," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made in that Part of Great Britain called England, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption from any Malt, Corn, Grain, or Tilts, or any Mixture with the saine, and upon Cyder or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor brewed or made as aforesaid from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except such as are before mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made as aforesaid from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Wash, brewed or made as aforesaid from Foreign refused Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which were continued by Two Acts, made in the Thirtieth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First, Third, Fourth, Sixth, and Eighth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second, Fifth, Seventh, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were postponed:

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the First,. Third, Fourth, Sixth, and Eighth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the Second, Fifth, Seventh, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend, and make more effectual, " the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other " idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction."

' Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hartley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hartley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wifi please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hartley accordingly reported from the said

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the 10th Day of April next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the State of the Trade to and to report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House; and who were empowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Government and Trade of India;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navigation, at or near Soxverby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Halifax1, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also, certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Tomorrow Fortnight, the i oth Day of April next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill more effectually to prevent, during the War, aH Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Serjeant Watson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next

Ordered,

Report Newfoundland Trade.

Committee on Government and Trade of India deferred.

Report of Sowerby Bridge and Cornbrook Canal Bill deferred.

Committee on Bill to prevent Traitorous Correspondence.

Reported.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed* as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House, having continued to sit till near One of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clocks

Mercurii, 27* die Martii

Anno 33* Georgii IIItu Regis, 17931 Praters.

Vagabonds, rT1 H E House was moved, That the Order, made &e. Bill de- JL Yesterday, for taking into further Consideration feired. upon this Day Fortnight, the 10th Day of April next, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend, and make more effectual, the Laws relating to " Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly " Persons, and to Houses of Correction," was committed, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Weeks, the 17th Day of April next.

StCntbbert's A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Inclosure Bill Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being committed, within the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in Wells, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hip-pisley Cox, Mr. Dent, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Members ad- Ordered, That Mr. Barclay and Mr. Allardyce be dedtoCom- added to the Committee, to whom the several Pe-mittee on titions presented to this House, in this Session of Par-Pctihons^8 ^ment, from the Royal Burghs of Scotland, together . ons' with the several Accounts and Papers relating to the Internal Government of the said Royal Burghs, which were presented to this House in the last Parliament, are referred.

Little Tew Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom ladosure Bill the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and reported. Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Little Tew, in the Parish of Great Tew, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 6£ Yard Lands, and Cottage Commons, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed consists of 404 Yard Lands and 14 Cottage Commons; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Vol. 48.

with the Amehdnfehts, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingressed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lames add The k>rd» for. Montagu; J>oave "g"*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ad , Bank Build-Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank mgs B, Ui of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground contiguous to the Bank of England', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to extend Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ca- the Manches-nal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton ^derLyne, under Lyne and Oldham, to extend the said Canal from and Oldham a Place, called Clayton Demesne, in the Township of Canal. Droylsden, in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the Sign of the Three Boars Heads, and from, or nearly, from, a Place called Taylors Barn, in the Township of Reddish, to Denton, at a Place called Beat Bank, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading between Stockport and Ashton under Lyne, and also from the intended Aqueduct Bridge, at or near a Place called Waterhouses, in the Parish of Ashton under Lyne aforesaid, to a Place called Stake Leach,

.at Hollinwood, in the Township of Oldham aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Morn's, Co-Act for naturalizing Francois Mori, Philip Colomb,

Louys Gruaz, and John Amkk; without any Amend- a 1 ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to separate Act for separating the Chapels of Chorley and cho?fcy ^idof

from the Parish of Croston, in the County of Lancaster, Ruffod from and for making them Two distinct Parish Churches; ci^son'*1 of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Newcastle Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of under Line> Parliament, the one passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Line to Hassop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton, and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge to Bur-slem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the County of Stafford, and the other passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for amending several other Roads therein described; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Barton upon Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Humber In-Fields, Ings, Marshes, and Common Pastures, and c osure 1 ' other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Lordship of Barton upon Humber, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Granby ami Act for dividing ana inclosing the Open Comhion B""°" Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Granby and Sutton, in the Parish of Granby and Sutton, in the County of Nottingha; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Engdl's Nat. Act for naturalizing Henry Engell; without any Amend- Bill, ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Halifax Road Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en- Bill.

6 A larging

458

27° Mar Hi.

A. 1793.

Little Bow* den and Rockingham fW Bill.

Gloucester fend Berkeley Pill Canfel Bill, with Amendments.

larging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of In the West Riding of the County of York to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as relates to the First District of the Roads mentioned in the said Act; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, and widening the Road from the Foot of a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Little Bowden, in the County of Northampton, commonly called Saint Mary's Bridge, to the West Side of the Toll Bar at the North End of the Town of Rockingham, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Secern, at or near the City of Gloucester,

into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley; and also a Cut to or near the Town of Berkeley, in the County of Gloucester', with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 24. Leave out "said" and in the same Line, after " Commissioners," insert " to be appointed as herein after mentioned."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Webb do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Duraford in- Sir Gilbert Elliot presented to the House, accord-eloiure Bill ing to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting certain presented. Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of ford, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lords

Amendments to Gloucester and Berkeley Pill Canal Bill agreed to.

Foss Navigation, &c. Bill passed.

Additional Petition to the Worcester and Droitwich Roads Bill reported.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Foss with the River Ouse, at or near the City of York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Stillington,

in the North. Riding of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands lying on each Side of the said River Foss, was read the Third 'Time.'

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Foss with the River Ouse, at or near the City of York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Stillington, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands lying on each Side of the said River Foss.

Ordered, That Mr . Wilberforcedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, residing within, or near the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and fouad that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be

mad the Report in his Place; arid afterwards delivered k in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was t;ead; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Spencer being examined, said, That the Branch of Road leading from a Place called wich Bridge, in the Borough of Dro, to Low Hill, on Hartlebury Common, in the County of Worcester', is at

present in a ruinous State, and incommodious for Carriages and Passengers; and that if Provision was made in the Bill, ordered to be brought in " for making " and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the " City of Worcester to Spadesbourne Bridge, and from " a Place called The Chapel on the Bridge, in the Borough of Droitwich, to Bradley Brook, and from " Woolmore Green to the Worcester Turnpike Road to " Park Hall, and from Droitwich to Holt Fleet, and " from the Bottom of Red Hill, in the Parish of " Claines, into the Turnpike Road between Worcester " and Ombersley, in the County of Worcester, and certain Lanes or Streets within or near to the City of " Worcester, and Borough of Droitwich aforesaid," for property amending and keeping the said Branch of Road in Repair, it would be a great Convenience to all Persons having Occasion to pass through the same, and be of Public Utility.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the City of Worcester to Spadesbourne Bridge, and from a Place called The Chapel on the Bridge, in the Borough of Droitwich, to Bradley Brook, and from Woolmore Green to the Worcester Turnpike -Road at Park Hall, and from Droitwich to Holt Fleet, and from the Bottom of.

Hill, in the Parish of Claines, into the Turnpike Road between Worcester and Ombersley, in the County of Worcester, and certain Lanes and Streets within or near to the City of Worcester and Borough of Droitwich aforesaid, That they do made Provision in the said Bill, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from a Place called Netherwich B*in the Borough

of Droitwich, to Low Hill, on Hartlebury Common, in the said County.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Eau Brink Reading of the Bill for improving the Drainage of the a,d Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of ^r"*‘

the Fens called Bedford Level, the Low Lands near off for to, or adjoining, the said Levels, and also the Lands Month*, adjoining, or near, the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea, by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County* and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze from, or near, a Place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of JViggenhall Saint Mary's, in the said County,

to the said Harbour of King's Lyrm;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Mr. Charles Yorke presented to the House, accord- Monmouth ing to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Roads Bill Two Acts, of the Twenty-eighth Year of King George prcsented‘ the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads therein mentioned leading to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

General Murray reported from the Committee, to perth Roads whom the Petition of the Noblemen thereunto sub- Petition scribing, and the humble Petition of the other Persons reported, thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in the County of Perth, and Trustees appointed by the Act thereafter recited, was referred; That the Committee had 9 . examined,

Utverstone Canal Bill committed.

Milton Bryant Inclosure Bill presented.

Sleaford and Tattersball Roads Bill reported.

examined, nod found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee' had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table t Where the same was. read; and is aa follow eth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing certain Roads in the County of , and for " explaining and amending an Act, made in the " Twenty-fifth Year' of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways, Bridges, " and Ferries in the County of was read:

And, .

A Member present informed your Committee, That great Progress has been made in making and repairing the said Roads, but it has been found necessary that the Powers granted by the said Act should be explained and amended; and that in order effectually to repair and amend the said Roads, it will be requisite to raise some of the present Tolls.

And the said Member further said. That the Roads described.in the Petition are very much out of Repair, and in many Places so deep, that Travellers cannot pass without Difficulty and Danger; and that the same cannot be properly amended and- kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave bo given to bring in a Bill For explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for making and repairing the Road from Crieff', towards Stirling and Alloa, and Other Roads, in the said County: And that General Murray and the Lord Advocate of , do prepare,

and bring in, the same.

A Bill for making and macntaiBing a Navigable Cut or Canal from a Place called Hammerside , in the Parish of Ulverstonein the County Palatine of Lancaster, to a Place called Weint End, near the Town, of Ulverstone aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dent, Mr. Thomas Stanley, Scc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,. at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Henry. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill foe dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That toe Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Anderson Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the BH1 for widening^ turning, altering, repairing^ and maintaining the Road leading from the East Side of the Market Place in New Sleaf ord, to and through the Town- of Anwick, in the County of Lincoln, and for making public the Drove Road from the said Town of Awnck to Kyrne Praie Grounds, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road, near North Kyrne Town, and for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from thenae through the said Town of North Kyrne, over Billinghay Daks, to the River and also the Road from the opposite Shore of the said. River to the: Town of Tatter shall, in the said County of Lincoln, and- for building a Bridge over the Witham, or near . to, Tattershall Ferry, was committed;

Vol. 48.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that foe Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Houseand be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Billy with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Proprietors of Estates, and Occu- Petition from piers of Land, in the Vicinity of Boston, in the County rw* of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Canal^BilIs. Setting forth, That a great Scarcity of Labourers prevails during the Time of Harvest, and has, within a Short Period, very perceptibly encreased, inso much that Wages have, in that Neighbourhood, risen to upwards of Seven Shillings a Day, and more than Twenty Shillings is not unfrequently paid for reaping an Acre of Corn, and, even on Terms so exorbitant, it is hot in the Power of Farmers to procure in Harvest the necessary Assistance, from hence it arises that great Loss is sustained, exclusive of the enormous Expence incurred by the high Price of Labour; and that the Petitioners have Reason to believe, that the Number of Labourers employed in digging Canals, enlarging Rivers, and other Works of a similar Nature, is a Cause to which the Scarcity complained of must necessarily be ascribed, and which there is every Reason to apprehend will materially encrease, and its Effects be more seriously felt, not only in consequence of embodying the Militia, and augmenting His Majesty's Forces by Sea and Land, but also on account of die unprecedented Number of Canal Bills at this Time pending in Parliament, as well as the various unfinished Navigations in which Persons are now engaged: And therefore praying, That the House will take these Circumstances into Consideration, and provide such effectual Means as to them shall seem proper, to prevent Labourers from being employed in digging Canals, enlarging Rivera, and other similar Works during the Season of Corn Harvest, when it may be essentially necessary that the whole Power of their Industry should be united to gather the Fruits of the Earth, that so the Farmers ToU may be rewarded, and Provision be obtained for the Support of the People.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.:

Mr. Burdonreported from the Committee, to whom Lobley Hill,

the Bill for altering, raising, widening, repairing, and preserving the Road from the Turnpike Road between Bilj reported, Gatesheadand Hexham, near Lobley Hill, in the Parish of Wickham, in the County of Duto Aldstone, to the County of Cumberland, and a Branch from the said Road, near Bryan's Leap, in the County of Durham, to the Corbridge Turnpike Road, near Blackhed-ley, in the County of Northumberland, and another Branch from the said Road at Wolsingham, in the County of Durham, to Crosgate, near the City of Durham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunder written, on behalf of themselves and others, being Subscribers to, and otherwise interested in, the Undertaking the reinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments,

27° Marta.

A. 1793.

merits, In at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amend- hirers, and other the Inhabitants of the Town of ments were Once read throughout; and then a Kendal, in the County of Westmorland)

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- Were severally presented to the House, and read; tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Setting forth, That a Bill hath been presented

House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the House, for Leave to make and maintain

to the Bill. a Navigable Branch from the Lancaster Canal

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Navigation, at or near Golgate, in the Township of and County of Lancaster, to communicate with the River Loyne, otherwise Lune, at a Place called Glasson Dock: And praying, That the same tnay pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to He upon the Table.

a

d

it

If

9

VoTtnantcm Mr. Heathcote reported from the Committee, to Wlosurc Bill whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, reported. the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Heath Grounds, within the Parish of in the County of Rutland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with; the Guardians of Sir

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Militia Pay Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Bill passed Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the

Gilbert Heathcote, Baronet, a Minor, not having deter- Twenty-fifth Day of -One thousand Seven hun-

mined to apply to Parliament till after the Time li- dred and Ninety-three, was read the Third Time, mited for giving the Notices required by the said Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Standing Orders, and that Sir Gilbert Heathcote is Lord be, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and of the Manor, and (except the Rector of the said Pa- Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain rish) sole Proprietor of all the Lands intended to be called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-inclosed, but that N otices had been affixed on the fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Church Door of Normanion, on the 27th Day of No- Ninety-three; and for making Provision for Adjutants vember and 2d and 9th Days of December 1792; and who have served a certain Time in the Militia, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true , and that the -Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill; to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Islington Burying Ground Bill reported.

A Petition of the Hosiers, Bleachers, and other In- Petition from habitants, of the Town and Vicinity of Nottingham, Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him concerned in the Flax and Cotton Manufactures, was j^r* to report to the House; and he read the Report in his presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, for Encnu-Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His pre- rag, mm of Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the sent Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encou-Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a ragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in n^"ur«.' Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question Great Britain, it is enacted, That, from the 1st Day of severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; Janua 1784, it shall be lawful for any Person or Per-and several Amendments were made, by the House, to sons in the manufacturing of Flax or Cotton, and the Bill. bringing the same to a finished State for Sale, or in

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be any Part of the Process thereof, and who shall employ

ingrossed. and consume any Quantity of Soap or Starch in the preparing, bleaching, whitening, and bringing of Flax Mr. Maimmringreported from the Committee, to or Cotton to a finished Manufacture for Sale, or in any

whom the Bill for enlarging the Church Yard, or Ce- Part of the Progress of the same (except as therein metry, of the Parish Church of Saint Mary, Islington, mentioned) to make Proof, by Oath, before the Colin the County of Middlesex, ox\A for enabling certain Per- lector or Supervisor of Excise of the District or Divi-Sons to accept a Conveyance of the Freehold and In- sion, of the Kinds and Quantities of the Manufactures heritance in Fee Simple of a Piece of Copyhold Land, so made, prepared, whitened, or finished, and the holden of the Manor of Canbury, otherwise Canonbury, Quantities and Kinds of the Soap or Starch which were in the County of Middlesex, for that Purpose, was com- actually employed and consumed therein, and that the mitted; That the Committee had examined the Alle- said Collector of Excise, out of the Money in his Hands, gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; which shall have arisen for the Duty upon Soap, grant- and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, ®d by the Statute of the Tenth of Queen Anne, Chap-and made several Amendments thereunto, which they ter the 19th, and continued by the Statute of the had directed him to report to the House; and he read Third of King George the First, Chapter the 7th, shall the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the forthwith pay to Such Manufacturers a Drawback of Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: the Duty on Soap, at the Rate, of Three Farthings for Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; every Pound Weight of Hard Soap, and Three Far-and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the things for every Pound Weight of Soft Soap, which Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by shall be used and consumed in preparing and finishing

the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

powers of Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for

all Manufactures from Flax or Cotton for Sale (except as therein mentioned) and that the said Collector, out of the Money in his Hands, which shall have arisen for the Duties upon Sjarch, shall pay to such Manufacturers a Drawback of the Duties on Starch, at the Rate

Commission defining and regulating the Powers of the Commission of One Penuy Half-penny for every Pound Weight of tottm Teinds, or Tythes, in augmenting and modifying the Starch which shall be used and consumed in preparing

ordered.

1

Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland: And that the Lord and finishing all Manufactures from Flax or Cotton Advocate of Scotland and Sir Gilbert Elliot do prepare, for Sale (except as therein mentioned) and that the and bring in, the same. said Collector, out of the Money in his hands, which shall have arisen for the Duties upon Starch, shall pay

favmirof tL A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, to such Manufacturers Three Pence for every Pound Biilto amend of the Burgh of Kirkby in Kendal, in the County of Weight of Starch which shall be used and consumed Kirkby Ken- Westmorland: And also, in finishing new linen in the Piece for Sale; and that

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufac- the said Statute of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty

da\ Citusl Act.

S'

jesty, which was to continue in Force for Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, having, by Experience been found useful and beneficial, hath been continued, from Time to Time, by subsequent Statutes, and, if not further continued, will expire this Session; and that the Petitioners are convinced the Allowance of the above Drawback has been highly advantageous to the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton, and, if the same is not continued, the Imposition of such additional high Duties will be extremely detrimental and injurious: And therefore praying the House to take the above into Consideration, and to pass a Bill, either for making perpetual the said Act of the Twenty-third of His present Majesty, or for continuing the same for such further Term as the House shall think expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Martii. 461

Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee ha4 examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report m his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Ooce read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Conmittet Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means. j0 consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the l oth Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Pctibon in A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, vTm an<* Prmc'Pa^ Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of tioHeath Kingst°n upon Hull, was presented to the House, and and Barnsley read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, Canal Uill. that Application is making to Parliament, for a Bill for making* a Navigable Canal from the River Colder, below Wakefield, to and above Barnsley, in the West Riding of the County of York: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 28' die Martii;

Anno 33® Georgii III*U Regis, 1793. Praters.

Moreton and f\RD ERED, That Mr. John Pitt do make the

Wilbrighton \J Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rep orte dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Townships of Moreton and Wilbrighton, otherwise Wilberlon, in the Parish of Gnosall, in the County of Stafford, was committed.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said V01. 48.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. The Montagu: have passed

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Brown's dissolve the Marriage of Edward Brown, Esquire, with ^‘vorce Susannah Solley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do make the Report Little Bar-frotn the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and ford Inclosure inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Bill reported. Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Township,

Liberty, and Precincts of Little Barford, otherwise Barford Saint John, in the Parish of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, was committed.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, arid found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the 'Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Leeds and whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors Liverpool of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liverpool to CanaI Navi* vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to fommit^cV raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of com- um reported, pleting the said Canal Navigation, and for other Purposes, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were read Once throughout; and then a Second Time, One. by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

6 B The

28° Mttrtii.

A. 17m.

Charters and The House being informed, that Mr. Longkmds Accounts re- Agent for foe Royal Roroiighsof Scotland, attended Uovamurahs at Poor; he was cabled in; and, at foe Bar, pre-in Scotland senfod to foe House, pursuant to foeir Orders of the presented, 17 th Day of June 1788, and the lQth Day of June t"90,

N* t. Notorial Copy of Charter of Confirmation , and Nmodamusby King Charles the First in Favour of the City of Edinburgh, dated 23d October 1636: And $1 so,

N° 2. Certified Copy of Charter ,in Favour of the T,own of Elgin, 1636, 1 637: And also,

N° 3. Certified Copy of Charter of Royalty to foe Burgh of Campbeltcmm, 1700: And also,

N° 4. Notorial Copy of Charter of Erection of foe Burgh of Dornoch, 1628: And also,

N° 5. Certified Copy of Charter of Erection in Favour of foe Burgh of 1st March 1588: And

also,

N° 6. Certified Copy of Sett or Constitution of the Burgh of Culross, 1st September 1658: And also,

N° 7. Notorial Copy of Queen Mary's Charter to foe Burgh of Jedburgh, 2.4th November 1556: And also,

N° 8. Copy of Charter in Favour of foe Burgh of Irvine, 1st May 1601: And also,

N° 9. Notorial Copy of Charter in Favour of foe Burgh of Annan, 1612: And also,

N° 10. Notorial Copy of Sett of the Burgh of Annan: And also,

N° 11. Notorial Copy of Charter in Favour of the Town of Anstruther, 1583: And also.

Kwkwall-^Account of Rands > and'Other Heritable Property belonging to ‘.foe Burgh »f Kirkwall, feued since the U mon.

Wick — 1st, Account of Cess, 'Stent, 'or Tiand Tsnc, for the Burgh of Wick, for Ten Years preceding foe 2cd July T7S9.

2d, Account of ,the Gross Revenue of foe Royal Burgh of Wick, for 'foe Year 11788.

3d, Account of all Lands and other Heritable Property belonging to the Royal Burgh oi JVick, which -.have been sold, feued, or alienated, by the Magistrates and Common Council of the said Burgh siuce the Union, specifying the Price for which the same were sold, and the Bent received for foe last Year foe eamewere let prior to the Alienation.

Together with Schedules of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Schedules were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers -be referred to the Consideration of foe Committee, to whom the several Petitions presented to tins House, in this Session of Parliament, from the Royal Burghs of Scotland, together with the several Accounts and Papers relating to the Internal Government of foe said Royal Burghs, which were presented to this House in the last Parliament, are referred.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according Stiffkey ard to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the

N° 12. Notorial Copy of the Sett of the Burgh of Open and Common Fields, HalfYear Lands, Commons, presentt(1

Kirkwall: And also,

N5* 13. Certificate by the Town Clerk of foe Burgh of Kirkwall, font he could not read foe Charters: And Iso,

N° 14. Account of the Gross Revenue of the Royal Burgh of Tain, from 1st January 1788 to 1st January 1789: And also,

N° 15. Account of foe Cess of foe Burgh of Tain, for 1780: And also,

Several Accounts respecting foe Royal Burghs in Scotland; viz.

Comiponable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Stiff'key and Morston, in the County of i

Norfolk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Com- }

mon, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, l<

all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes:

And foe same was received; and read the First 1

Time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported lUportWayt from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it M«"ra-

Ayr-r-ist. Account of the Money levied within the referred to consider further of Ways and Means

Burgh and Parish of Ayr, in Name of Cess, or Land Tax, for foe Years following, including the Expence of collecting, 1779, 1780, 1781, 1782, 1783, 1784, '785, '786, 1787, 1788, and 1789,

Cvail — 1st, Account of Cess levied in the Burgh of Cvail, for Ten Years preceding 2 2d July 1789.

for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which foe Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Raising a That foe Sum of £.4,500,000 be raised by Annuities Sum by An-in the Manner herein after mentioned; that is to say; nmnt*

2d, A full and true Copy of the Revenues That every Contributor towards raising the said Sum of Crail, for the Year 1788.

3d, Account of Lands of the BurgK of feued by the Magistrates and Town Council thereof since the Union, the Prices for which the same were feued, and foe Yearly Feu Duties of these Lands.

Dor nock — Account of foe Revenue of that Burgh, for foe Years *779, 1780, 1781, l-?82-, 1783, 17 & 4, 1.785, 1786, 1787, 1788.

New Galloway — 1st, Account of- Cess-of the Burgh of New Galloway,

2d, Account of Gross Revenue for foe Year 1788, and Heritable Property.

Liverary — 1st, Account of the Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, imposed upon, and levied within, the said Burgh, for. each of the Ten Years preceding the 22d July 1789.

2d, Account of Gross Revenue for the- Year 1788.

3d, Account of Lands, or other Heritable Property.

' Kinghorn — Account of Heritable Property.

of £.4,500,000, shall, for every £.72 contributed and paid, be entitled to the Principal Sum of £ 100 in Annuities, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 5th Day of January >793, and to be added to and made one Joint Stock with the £. 3 per Centum Annuities, consolidated by the Aets of the 25th, 28th, 29th, 32d, and 33d Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Aets, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England, at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption by Parliament, as the said £. 3 per Centum Consolidated Annuities are payable, transferable and redeemable. That the said Annuities, after foe' Rate' of £3 per so to bet payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and' charger-able upon} and- payable out; of, five Consolidated Fund. That every Contributor shall, on or- before the 4th Day of April 1793, make'a Deposit of £. vo ]kr Centum, on such Sum as-he or she shall chuse to Subscribe towards; raising the said Sum of £.4,500,000, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of foe Governor 9 and

133 '(arECK III.

£8° 'Mattiu

463

and Company of the Bank of as a Security for

making the future Payments on or before the Days or Times herein after mentioned; that is to say;

£. 10 per Centum on or before the 31st Day of May bext;

" Species of Britishatid Irish Linens 'exported, and " taking bff the Duties on the Importation of P9reign Raiv Linen Yarns made of I'laX," Which said Act was by Two other Acts, made in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign Of His present

/.lo per Centum on or before the 19th Day of July Majesty, extended arid continued uritil the 24th Day

of June 1786, and from thence to the End of the ;then next Session of Parliament, and Which, by Three other Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh,. Twenty-eiohth, and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty s Reign, was furttier continued until the 24th Day of June 1792, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit 'to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the 'Opinion of this Committee,

next;

£ 10 per Centum on or before the 16th Day of August next;

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 27th Day of September next;

£.15 pei' Centum on Or before the 8th Day of November next;

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 13th Day of December next;

£. 15 per Centum on or before the 24th Day of Ja- That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the nuary 1794, Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for

That all the Monies so to be received by the said " the more effectual Encouragement of the Manu-Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of " factures of Flax and Cotton in Great ," which the Bank of England, shall be paid into the Receipt of was to continue in Force for Two Years, from the 1st the Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to Day of January 1 784, and from thence to the End of such Services as shall then have been voted by this House the then next Session of Parliament, which said Act in this Session of Parliament. That every Contributor, was by several Acts made in the Twenty-sixth, Twenty-who shall pay in the Whole of his or her Contribution eighth, and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of His Money towards the said Sum of £. 4,500,000, at any present Majesty, farther continued until the 25th Day Time before the 12th Day of December next, shall be of March 1793, is expired, and fit to be revived and allowed an Interest by Way of Discount after the Rate continued.

of £. 3per Centum per Annum bn the Sum so completing Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, his or her Contribution respectively, to be computed That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the from the Day of completing the same to the 24th Day Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to of January 1704. " '' '* '' ' 1 "

Miking m- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, taitDuties That the additional Duties on the Amount of the pngrtnal. Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affaire of Taxes, charged by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be made perpetual.

D*. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the additional Duties upon Worts, Wash, arid other Liquors, brewed or made in England, for extract

" discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of " the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home " Consumption, and for granting and securing the due " Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the " better Regulation of the making and vending British " Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time,

" certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indis near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

ing Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon Spirits That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the made in Scotland, and imported into England, charged Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of " " ''

Continuing Duties on

1 riu import* «L

is present Majesty, be made perpetual Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Duties upon Foreign Spirits imported into Great Britain, charged by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, be continued for a Time to be limited.

Carrying D® Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

u> the Conso- That the said several additional Duties be carried to; Mated Fund. an(j matje parg the Consolidated Fund.

Expiring Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Law. That so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act " for giving further EnCotiragement for the Importation " of Naval Stores; and for other Purposes therein " mentioned," as relates to the Importation of Wood and Timber* and of the Goods commonly called Lumber; therein particularly enumerated, from any of His Majesty's British Plantations or Colonies in America, free from all Customs and Impositions whatsoever, which was to be in Force for Twenty-one Years, from the 24th Day of June *722, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Sixteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Fourth, Twelfth, Nineteenth, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1792, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

D*. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth; Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Vpx.. 48.

" discontinue, for a limited Time, the several Duties " payable in Scotland upon Low Wiiles and Spirits,

" and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there " used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to " His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Acj " for discontinuing, for a limited Tipie, the several " Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and " Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors,

" there used in foe Distillation of Spirits, and for " granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof!

" and for better regulating the Exportation of British " made Spirits from England to Scotland, and froni " Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited " Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of " the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for " a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low " Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for " granting and securing the due Payment of other " Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation " of the making and vending British Spirits, and for " discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts " and Duties upon Rufo rind Spirits imported from " the West Indies," is near expiring, and fit to be Continued.

Resolved, That it is foe Opinion of this Committee, Continuing That the Duties imposed by an Act, made in the Distillery Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present ^"edVyAct Majesty, upon fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or 27 Geo. III. made in that Prirt of Great Britain called England, for exfrafcting Spirits for Horhe ConSuriajklon from any

Malt,

464 28° Martiu . 1793.

Malt, Corn, Grains, or.Tilts, or any Mixture with the same, and upon Cyder or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor brewed or made as aforesaid from any Sort of Kind of British Materials, except such as are before-mentioned, or from any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon fermented Wort or Wash, brewed or made as aforesaid from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and upon W ash, brewed or made as aforesaid from Foreign refused Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, Or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption, and which were continued by Two Acts, made in the Thirtieth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Ninth, Tenth, Eleventh, and Twelfth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the First, Third, Fourth, Sixth, and Eighth of the Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Sixth, Seventh, and'Eighth of the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

National The House was moved, That the First of the Resolu-

Debt Bill tions which, upon the 12th Day of this Instant March,

ur rt ' were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth;

" Resolved, That the Sum of Two hundred thousand " Pounds be granted to His Majesty, to be issued and " paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of " England, to be by them placed to the Account of the " Commissioners for the Reduction of the National " Debt."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Consoidated The House was moved, That the Resolution which,

Fund Bill or- upon the 12th Day of this Instant March, w as reported

'k1*'1' from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Three Millions Two hundred " and Nine thousand Pounds, out of the Monies that " shall arise of the Surplus of the Fund, called The

" Consolidated Fund, from the 5 th Day of January u 1793 to the 5th Day of April 1794."

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayhmli, Mr. Hopkins,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That the Resolution which, Former R«. upon the 8 th Day of January last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Meansmd referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the and Jnstrnc. Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to tion accon1-by the House, might be read. ins'y-

And the same was, as agreed to by the Housej read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards making good the Supply " granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Four hundred Thirty-five thousand Six hundred Ninety-six Pounds One Shilling " and Seven Pence Farthing, remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1793, of the " Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the last mentioned Bill, That they do make Provision therein, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Worcester Order, a Bill for more effectually amending and keep- anr)D'°"' in" in Repair the Roads leading from the City of b!u pres^t-Worcester to Spadesbourne Bridge, and from a Place ed.

called The Chapel on the Bridge, in the Borough of Droitwich, to Bradley Brook, and from Woolmore Green to the Worcester Turnpike Road at Park Hall, and from Droitwich to Holt Fleet, and from a Place called Netherwich Bridge to Lozo Hill, and from the Bottom of Red Hill, in the Parish of Claines, into the Turnpike Road between Worcester and Ombersley, in the County of Worcester, and certain Lanes and Streets within or near to the City of Worcester and Borough of Droitwich aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Additional thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Fetitiunto read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application has been made for Leave j"‘u &crej to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and enlarge Roads. the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, the One made t

in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late '

Majesty, and the other in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, lor repairing the Roads from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shewbury, and to Shreyhill, in the County of S; and representing to the House, that the Road leading from the Ellesmere Turnpike Road, through Harlescott, IJffingham, and Berwick, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Shrewsbury to Watling Street, at Atcham, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law, and that, if Provision was made in the said Bill for repairing the said Road, it would be of great Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed by, or in pursuance of, i

Two Acts of Parliament, the One made and passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the

Twenty-

Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Shrewsbury to Preston

hurst, to Shazvbury, and to in the County of

Salop, and other Roads in the said County, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

lUrham S\v John Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to

Inclowre Bill whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, npurteA the Old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Mar ham, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except one Owner of Land rated to the Land Tax at \l. \os.who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except one other Owner of Land, rated to the Land Tax at 2l. 10 who could not be fbund; and that the whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed are rated to the Land Tax at 663/.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

KnytlAswot A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman 10 Bilk Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of , His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Privy Seal, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register, or deliver in, their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Vol. 48.

Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia^ who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose:

An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom, and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States:

An Act to prevent Acts of Parliament from taking Effect from a Time prior to the passing thereof:

An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Companies, and their Successors, to grant, purchase, and sell Annuities upon or for Lives:

An Act to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to purchase certain Houses and Ground

contiguous to the Bank of England:

An Act for effectually carrying into Execution an Act of Parliament, of the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between Stowmarket and Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton under Lynt and Oldham, to extend the said Canal from a Place, called Clayton Demesne, in the Township of Droylsden, in the Parish of Manchester aforesaid, to a Place in the Turnpike Road in Heaton Norris, leading between Manchester and Stockport, opposite to the House known by the Sign of the Three Boars Heads, and from, or nearly from, a Place called Taylors Bam, in the Township of Reddish, to Denton, at a Place called Beat Batik, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading between Stockport and Ashton under and also from the intended Aqueduct Bridge, at or near a Place called Waterhouses, in the Parish of Ashton under Lynt aforesaid, to a Place called Stake Leach, at Hollinwood, in the Township of Oldham aforesaid:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Glamorganshire Canal, to or near the Village of Aberdare, in the County of Glamorgan, and for making and maintaining a Railway, or Stone Road, from thence to or near Abernant, in the Parish of Cadoxlone juxta Neath, in the said County:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation, in the Parish of King's Norton, into the Borough of Stratford vpoti Avon, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Town of Brecknock, to the Monmouthshire Canal, near the Town of Pont y pool, in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining Railways and Stone Roads from such Canal tq several Iron Works and Mines in the Counties of Brecknock and Monmouth:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at or near the City of Gloucester, into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish of Berkeley, and also, a Cut to or near the Town of Berkeley, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for effectually carrying into Execution an 6 C Art

28v Martii.

A. 1793.

Hoyal A«ent Act of Parliament, of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign to Bills. Ufa present Majesty, for making a Navigable

Canal from the Town of Basingstoke, in the County of Southampton, to communicate with the Stiver

in the Parish of Chertsey, in -the County of Surra/, anti to the South East Side of the Turnpike fload, in the Palish of Turgiss, in the said County of Southampton An Act for separating the Chapels of Charley and Rufford, from the Parish of in the County of

Lancaster, and for making them Two distinct Parish

Churches:

An Act for paying the Foot Paths within the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and for lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the said

Borough.

An Act for supplying the Towns of Plymouth Dock, Stoke Damarel, Storehouse, and the Parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, with Water:

An Act for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from i to the Westwardiy Part of JJardiwick and for

setting out and making a new Road from thence to Stoke near Stone, and for amending, widening, altering, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Village of Millwich to in the County of Stafford:

An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for more effectually repairing u several Roads leading from Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and the Road through the Parish of Bromesoerrow, in the County of , and

" Corse Lawn, till it joins the Road from Gloucester ff to Worcester:"

An Act for opening and making a new Road from the Turnpike Road at Craig Evan Leyson{ in the Parish of Latvoabon, to the Confines of the Parish of duck, near Abemant, in the County of Glamorgan:

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Blackburn to Burscough Bridge, in the County of Lancaster:

An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for amending,

" widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the *Guide Post, at the West End of the Town of Hampton,

(tover Sunbury Common, to the Town of Staines, in the " County of Middlesex :'f

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bawtry, in the County of York, to East Markham Common, in the County of Nottingham, and from Little Drayton to Bridge, in the said

County

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from, or nearly from, French Top, in the Parish of Saddle-worth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Brookhouses, in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby, and for repairing and altering the Road leading from, or nearly from, a Close called Copley Meadow, in Stayley, to, or near to, Stayley Bridge, in the County of Chester;

An Act for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of through the Town of Ashton under Line, and Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter's Brook,

in the County Palatine of Chester:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from SpeenbamUmd, in the County of to

Marlboi'ough, in the County of and 9eyeral other Roads therein mentioned.

An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Bottom of Galley Hill, near the Town of Witney, to the Cross in Cianfidd, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Sheffield, in the same Riding, so far as relates t9 the first District of the Roads mentioned in the said Act:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Foot of a certain Bridge, in the Parish of Bowden, in the County of Northampton, commonly called Saint Mary's Bridge, to the West Side of the Toll Bar at the North End of the Town of Rockingham, in the said County:

An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, the one passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Newcastle under Line to Has-sop, and from Middle Hills to the Macclesfield Turnpike Road near Buxton, and also the Road branching out of the said first-mentioned Road at Cobridge to

Burslem, and to the Uttoxeter Turnpike Road at Shelton, in the County of Stafford, and the other passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for amending several other Roads therein described:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Risety, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common, or Parcel of Waste Land, called Dunsley Moor, within the Township of New holm cum Dunsley, in the Parish of Whitby, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Heath, Common Pasture, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Parts of the Common Fields, Commons, ana Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Hamlets of South Milforth and Lumby, in the Parish of Sherburn, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Wadenhoe, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Graveships of Wakfield, Stanley, Wrenthorpe, Atcerthorpe, and Thornes, in the Parish of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for the better ordering and regulating the Manner of feeding, usiDg, cultivating, and enjoying several Commonable and Waste Grounds, Lying in Chatteris in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and for obliging the Occupiers of certain Parts of the said Grounds to fence the same, and for holding, in Severalty, for ever, certain Parts or Lots, being Part of the said Grounds, called The Acre Fen, and Little Ferry Burrows, in the said Parish of Chatteris:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Moor or Common within the Manor of Milton, in the Parish of Kewstoke, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Ings, Marshes, ana Common Pastured,

and

33 Geo. III. $8° Maft4#7

)e

lie

id

t

f,

ie

ie

it

d

0

1

d

3

1

1

and other Common and Waste Lands and Grounds, within the Lordship of Barton upon Humber, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Liberties of Granby and Sutton, in the Parish of Granby and Sutton, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Alexander Stewart, Esquire, with Elizabeth his now Wife,

and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable John Butcher, Esquire, and his Issue, to use the Surname and Arms of pursuant to the Will of Henry , Esquire:

An Act for naturalizing Charles Francis Dumergue and Charles John Joli Dumergue:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Lewis Robin:

An Act for naturalizing Francois Mori, Philip Co-tmb, Louys Gruaz, and John Atnick:

An Act for naturalizing EngelL

Si Agnes A Bill for erecting and making a Pier and Harbour f*r Bill in the Cove of Trevaunance, in the Parish of Saint Agnes,

(Mummed. in the of Cornwall, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gregor, Sir William Lenum, 8tc: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

ft* Bill Mr. Pybus presented to the House, according to Order, PwltC(1- a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

I Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell Or flllShtttfe fete Fhftft afyd ffthfer Unimproveable Rents: And also,

A Plan of the Hays of B and Bilhagh within the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham, referred to in the said Report: And also,

A Fifteenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents; And also,

A Plan of the Lands called The King's Forest, or The King's JVrods, lying hi that Part of the Forest of Wa\tham, called Hainault Forest, and in the Parishes of Barking and Dagenham, in the County of , referred to in the said Report: And also,

A Sixteenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, &hd to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents; And also,

A Seventeenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the CrOWn, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Reports and Plans were read.

The said Plans are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session } add the said Reports are as followed); viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Cmatfee The Order of the Day being read, for the House «6mra- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole* House, toot to cons, der of the Government and Trade of India;

Mi defer- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-m night, the 8th Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

loose to ad- Resolved, That this House will, at the Riding of the

a House this Day, adjourn till Thursday Morning next-

lursday.

aomm of Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the Committee, ommicree to whom the several Petitions presented to this House,

1 % »* . in this Session of Parliament, from the Royal Burghs of Scotland, together with the several Accounts and Papers ci relating to the internal Government of the said Royal Burghs, which were presented to this House in the bast Parliament, are referred, todiii Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to sit, {J. notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

ember Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor be added to ded. the said Committee.

The Fourteenth Report of the Commissioners Fourteenth Report appointed to enquire into the State and Con- on Land Revenue.

dition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues v «v---- rt\-

of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fen Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

The Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham, is of very great Extent. It is the only Forest that remains under the Superintendance of the Chief Justice in Eyre North of Trent, or which ripw belongs to the Crown in that Part of England.

Many Perambulations of this Fdrest, made in different Reigns, are preserved among the Records in the Tower, and in the Court of Exchequer. We shall give, in the Appendix, Copies of One tnade in the 28th Appendix of Edward the First, of another in the 30th of Henry N# 1, a, 3. the Eighth, and a Third in the 14th of Charles the Second.

The Forest is described in a Survey made in 1609 to be divided mto Three Parts, or Districts,

Called the North Pan, the South, and the Middle Part.

hr A Motion was made, and the Question being put, «>t That there be laid before thit House, an Account of all Communications between His Majesty's Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Commissioners for discharging the Natioaal Debt, and of any Reasons assigned by them for not having deemed it expedient to subscribe to the late Loan; '

It passed in the Negative.

tunica-with itiooal ebt Com* Kionen.

eports, 4c. The House being informed, that Mr. Harrison, from the Board of Land Revenue, attended at the dteve. Door, he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to k. the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Fourteenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the ^ol. 48.

The North Part contains the Towns of Carberton, Quadthotpe, War sop with Netileworth, Mansfield-Woodhouse, Clipstone, Rufford and Edwinstaw, the Hays of Birkland and Bilhagh, and the Towns of Buddy, Thoresby, Peverekhorpe, or Palethorpe, and

Oiler ton.

The South Part contains the Towns of Nottingham, Part of Wilford, Lentonwith Radford, Sneinton, Cotl-

wick, Stoke Carleton, GedRng, Burton with Bukot, Gunihorpe, Caythorpe and Arnold,

Basford, Btdwell, Beskumd Park, tVoodborough,

verton, and Saunterford Manor.

And the Middle Part contains the Towns of Mansfield, with Plesley Hill.Skegby, Sutton, Huchnatl, ful-

wood, Part of Ifirkby, Blidworth, Papplewick, Newstead, Part of Linby, and Part of Annesley.

The

468

Fourteenth Report on Land Revenue.

sso Martii.

A. 1793.

The whole Quantity of Ground in the Forest, according to that Survey, is as follows:

Inclosures Acres. - - 44,839 R. P. 1 11

Woods - - - - 9,486 — 23

Wastes - - - - 35,080 89,406 2 6

Chpston Park . - 1,583 1 25

Beskwood Park - - 3,672

Buhoell Park - - - 326 3 2

Nottingham Park - - - - 129 £ 95,n7 3 9 3 36

Appendix, N° 6.

The following Table will shew the Names and Numbers of the Walks into which this Forest is divided, the Offices appointed for the Management of it, and by what Authority; with the Names of the Persons by whom those Offices are at present held; the Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites they receive; and from wha^ Funds they arise:

Appendix, N# 4»5.

Offices.

Lord Warden - Duke of

Bowbearer and Ranger

Names of Officers.

Four Verderors

How Appointed.

/By Letters Patent,

| during Pleasure.

/By the Lord Warden during Pleasure.

Elected by the Freeholders for Life.

Steward

Clerk of the Swa-nimote and Attachment Courts

William Lord Byron

Sir Francis Molyneux, Baronet

John Litchfield, Esquire Edward Thoroton Gould, Esquire

William Sherbrooke, Esquire

The Verderors have each a Fee Tree, Annually, out of the King's Hays of Birkland and Bilhagh; and a Fee of Two Guineas is paid to each Verdcror attending upon inclosing Breeks in the Forest.

(Appointed by the Lord Chief Justice in Eyre, during Pleasure.

The Steward has also a Fee Tree, Annually, out of Birkland and Bilhagh.

Vacant,

Beadle

- Vacant.

Walks.

Nine Keepers,

viz.

John Lee -Thomas Clay -

John Green Henty Harrison Henry Smith -

- - New9tead and Papplewick

/Langtoh Arbour, Blidworth,

and Highwells -/Kirkby Sutton, and Annesley "t Hills ....

- Mansfield and Lyndhurst

/Mansfield-Woodhouse, and Noman's Woods fBirkland and Bilhagh, and Clipston-Shroggs

- - Roomwood and Osland

- - Blidworth and Famsfield

- Calverton and Arnold-Hills

The Keepers have each an Annual Salary of Twenty Shillings, paid by the Duke of Newcastle, out of a Fee Farm Rent for Nottingham Castle.

Leonard Huntingdon

William Rowbotham John Mellors Samuel Pamham

Appointed by the Verderors, during Pleasure.

Besides these, there are Annually sworn Two Woodwards, for Sutton and Carlton.

There is another Division of the Forest, called Thorney Woods, of which the Earl of Chesterfield is Hereditary Keeper, under a Grant in Fee to John Stanhope, Esquire, in the Forty-second Year of Queen Elizabeth.

Hie Woods and Umber belonging to the Crown in this Forest are under the Care of the Surveyor General of the Woods; his Deputy in this Forest is George Clark, who has likewise a Fee Tree Yearly, and a Salary of Twenty Pounds per Annum, paid out of Wood Sales.

Besides these Officers, there were formerly Twelve Regarders, and Four Agistors, in this Forest. Courts of Attachment and Swanimote appear to have been regularly held, and Courts of Iter frequently; but we do not find that there has been any Justice Seat there, since that held by the Marquis of Newcastle, which was begun in the 15th of Charles the Second, and continued, by many Adjournments, to the 28th of Charles the Second; or that any Court of Attach- Ap ment or Swanimote is now held, except One in Sep- N° tember in each Year, for the Appointment of Officers,

who.

Appendix, S' 7*

Appendix,

V*.

N* 9.

28° Martii.

4 69

who, for many Years, have been chosen for np other Object than to entitle them to their Fees.

On our first Enquiries concerning the Rights of the Crown in this Forest, we found that the Offices of the Keepers were merely nominal; that they knew very little of their Walks, and never acted, but in receiving their trifling Salaries; that there were no Deer in the Forest, except in Thomey Woods, which were claimed by Lord Chesterfield; that the Timber Trees admitted to belong to the Crown, and which had formerly been of great Value, were going fast to Decay; that not the Right of Common only, but the Soil itself, of every Part of the Forest, was claimed by neighbouring Proprietors; and that the Rights of the Crown had been lost Sight of, and were very imperfectly known.

Wishing for farther and more certain Information, we thought it necessary personally to view the Forest, and make Enquiries on the Spot. We the learned from Mr. Gladwin, Steward of the Forest Courts, that there was lying in the Swan , in Mansfield, a voluminous Collection of antient Papers, supposed to relate to this Forest, and locked up in a Chest, which had formerly been kept in the Castle of Nottingham; but whether these Papers were of any Consequence, or what they contained, was not known. We found also that there were some antient Forest Books and Papers in the Possession of different Gentlemen residing in the Neighbourhood of the Forest.

In consequence of that Information, we applied to Mr. Clay, of Southwell, whose Great Grandfather was One of the Deputy Justices in Eyre to the Marquis of Newcastle, at the Iter for this Forest, in the Reign

of Charles the Second, and in whose Family a large Book, containing the Proceedings at that Justice Seat, is still preserved. Mr. Clay, very obligingly, allowed us to peruse and take Extracts from that Book, and another, containing, among many valuable Papers concerning the Forest, the last and most descriptive Perambulation of it, made in the Fourteenth of Charles the Second, preparatory to the holding of that Justice Seat, or, as the Title expresses, " before the coming of his " Excellency the Marquis of Newcastle, Chief Justice " in Eyre." This Communication was the more valuable, because, though it is mentioned in a Part of the Proceedings, dated the 2d of October 1676, that the Chief Justice intended shortly to make a Return of that Iter into His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, we have not been able to find any of those Proceedings in that or any other Repository of Public Records. The large Book in Mr. Clay's Possession is considered of such Authenticity, that we are informed it has been received as Evidence in a Court of Law.

We must also express our Obligations to Mr. Lowe, of Southwell, and Mr. Rastall*, of Muskham Grange, near Newark, for the Use of an antient Book, containing Copies of various Records, and other curious Papers relative to this Forest; which Book Mr. Lowe became possessed of, in consequence of his Ancestor having held some Office in the Forest, at the same Time with Mr. Clay; and which he had given to Mr. Rastall, by whom, at his Request, it was lent to us.

From the Information derived from these Documents, and those in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, and Surveyor General of Crown Lands, and from different Records in the Tower, and the Exchequer, the Account is given, which we are now to lay before the Legislature, of the remaining Rights of the Crown in this Forest, and of the Proceedings in the Management of it

It appears from these Authorities, that the Crowp Fourteenth Report was formerly possessed of a very considerable Part of on ^and Revenuei this extensive Forest. The List of Grants inserted ip v /

the Appendix will shew the numerous Alienations Appendix, which have taken Place of the most valuable Parts of N° 10. it After much Investigation, we do not find that the Crown has now any other Property in the Forest, than a Part of the Hays of Birkland and Bilhagh, which do not appear ever to have been alienated, and certain Forestrial Rights in the rest of the Forest.

We directed a skilful Surveyor to make a Plan and Survey of the Lands which the Crown has retained, and to give us a more general Description and Account of the rest of the Forest.

According to his Plan, a Copy of which is delivered with this Report, the Part of Birkland and Bilhagh, which now remains the Property of the Crown,

contains 1,487 a. 2 k. 37P. Statute Measure. Our Surveyor represents the Land, in its present State, to be worth very little for Pasturage; but, that, if cleared of Timber, and inclosed, Birkland would be worth 8*. and Bilhagh 12 s.per Acre. The Soil is apparently sandy; but the Trees being generally of a great Size, the Nature of it must be favourable to the Growth of Timber.

There is a Navigable Canal within Five or Six Miles of this Part of the Forest, by which Timber may be conveyed to the Trent, which it joins at Stockzcith.

The Timber and Wood in Birkland and Bilhagh are admitted to belong to the Crown, with a Right to keep Deer in the Open Parts of the Forest, without Stint; hut the Soil of those Hays is claimed by the Duke of Portland, on a Supposition that they are Part of the1 Manor of Edwinstow. A Copy of a Letter which we wrote to his Grace on this Subject, and the Appendi Answers of his Agents, are inserted in the Appendix. N°

We shall state the Circumstances, and refer to the Authorities, which have led us to conclude that the Hays of Birkland and Bilhagh are no Part of the Manor of Edwinstow, and that the Soil, as well as the Timber, remains the Property of the Crown.

In Domesday Book, Edwinstow is said to contain Four Carucates (or Plough Lands) with a Wood of Half a Mile in Length, and Half a Mile in Breadth.

The Carucates are Arable Land, and the Wood here mentioned could not comprehend within its Limits the Hays of Birkland and Bilhagh; for Half a Mile Square contains only 160 Acres; whereas it appears, by a Survey taken in 1609, that those Hays consisted of 1,961a. — r. 38p-, including Part of Bilhagh, con- Appendix, taining 441 Acres, since granted in Fee to the Earl of N°

Kingston; and another Part, containing 35 Acres, granted to John Gosling, as will afterwards he more fully stated.

In the antient Forest Book lent to us by Mr. Rastall, we found a Copy of an Inquisition, taken the " Fowrth " Nonas of July, in the 35th Yere of the Raigne of " Kinge Henry, Sonne of Kinge John, taken by 35 Hen. III.

" Geffray Langley, Justice of the Forrest of our Lord " the Kinge beyond Trent;" in which, after describing the Three Parts, or Keepings, of which the Forest consisted, it proceeds as follows: " Also there " be, in the same Keepeinge, Three Hayes, or Parkes,

" of our Lord the Kinge, that is to witt, Reskzooood,

" wherein no Man commons; and there be therein " One Forrester rydeinge, and under him Two Forresters on Foote, &c. &c. — Also there be in the " same Keepeinge Two Haies f, that is to say Birkeland " and Billahagh, wherein no Man commons; and theipe be

iix.

11.

Domesday, F* 281«

12.

NM*

Author of the History of the Antiquities of Southwell, t Hai, or Haie, is a Translation of Haia or Heifc, which is a separate Inclosure within a Forest or Park, fenced with a Rail or Hedge, or both. — Domesday Book illustrated.

Vo l. 48, 6 D " therein.

28° Martii.

A. 1793.

Fourteenth Report on Land Revenue.

8 Sept.

37 Ed. III.

Appendix,

N°i5.

N® 16, 17.

n®n.

8 Dec.' 7 Cha. I.

Appendix, N" 18.

93 May, 9 Cha. I.

Appendix, K* 19.

Appendix, N® 20, A.

" therein Two Foresters on spote, at the Cost of the Countrey adjoineinge." >

It appears, from hence, that at the Time of taking this Inquisition, the Hays of Birkland anti Bilhagh were the entire Property of the Crown, not subject to any Right of Common.

Among the Records in the Tower, we found a.Grant from King EcfoqrdXhe Third, to his Men and Tenants of the ViTl; of Edw&towe, of Common of Pasture in his

Hays of Billafveand Birkland. " for all Kinds of Beasts,

except Hogs and Goats, and Qf Pannage for their " Hogs in the Time of PannageAnd we have inserted in the Appendix a Copy of a Claim of the Men and Tenants of Edwinstaw, at the Justice Seat in 15th Cfiarles JI. founded on this Grant. These Documents, which clearly shew the Origin of the Right of Common ip Birkland and Bilhagh, now possessed by the Tenants of Edwinstaw, prove, at the same Time, that those Hays are not Part of that Manor.

We have also annexed Extracts from several other Claims, made at the same Justice Seat, describing tlte Waste pands of Edwinstaw as bounded by the Hays of Birkland and Bilhagh, which are uniformly called The King's Hays; and in the Survey of the Property of the Crown in this Forest, in the Year 1609, of which an Extract is given in the Appendix, Birkland, Bilhagh, and Edwinstaw are mentioned as separate Properties.

All these Authorities obviously tend to prove that those Hays were not considered to be Parts, either of the Woods, or Wastes, of the Manor of Edwinstaw.

But the Right of the Crown to the Soil in the Hays of Birkland and Bilhagh does not rest merely on those Proofs that they were not within the Bounds of the Manor of Edwinstaw.

That Manor continued in the Hands of the Crown till the 7th of Charles I. when it was granted, with all its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, to William Collins and Edward Fenn, their Heirs and Assigns, for ever; excepting all Great Trees, being Timber, growing upon the Wastes of Edwinstaw, within the Forest of Sherwood, to be preserved for the Provision and Service of the King. In the 9th of Charles the First, this Manor came, by Purchase, to the Marquis of Newcastle.

Posterior to that Grant, the Crown has, at different Times, sold Parts of those Hays, with the Concurrence of the Proprietor of the Manor of Edwinstaw. An Example of this is found in the Proceedings at the Justice Seat in the 15th of Charles the Second, at which the Duke of Newcastle, then Lord of that Manor, presided, and where a Claim of Charles Gosling to 35 Acres of Land, Parcel of Bilhagh, and to the Herbage and Pannage of Birkland alnd Bilhagh, founded on a Grant dated 28th April, 18th Charles the First, was made and allowed.

But a still more striking Proof that the Crown had the undisputed Right to the Soil in the Hays of Birkland and Bilhagh, arises from the Proceedings in the Sale of a Part of those Hays to the Earl of Kingston, in 1683 and 1684.

On this Occasion, First, the Earl of Kingston set forth, in a Petition to the King, that His Majesty was seised of the Hays of Birkland and Bilhagh, and prayed his Majesty to sell, him a Part of Bilhagh, containing 391a. 1 r. 17 p.with a Lodge and 50 0. a r. of

Land, and the Trees thereon.

Secondly, The Petition was. referred by the King to the Lords of the Treasury, and by them to the Attorney General, the Surveyor General of Crown Landis, and the Surveyor General of the Woods North of Trent, for their Opinion; and, by Direction of the Treasury, a Commissionary Letter was addressed to the High Sheriff, and Seven other Gentlemen of the County of Nottingham, which, after reciting that

the Earl of Kingston had petitioned his Majesty to be

admitted to purchase the Soil, in Fee of a Part of his Majesty's Hay of Bilhagh, prayed and authorized them to view and report what they conceived to be the Value thereof, and what Inconvenience might arise from inclosing the same, to the Inhabitants claiming Common thereon, or to the Country; his Majesty graciously intending to grant the Request of the Petitioner, and not to infringe any of the Rights of his Subjects.

Thirdly, the Sheriff and other Gentlemen to whom the Commission was directed, made a Return on it; and the Value which they put on this Part of the Lands of the Crown was approved of by the Surveyor General.

Fourthly, The Duke of Newcastle, who was then Lord of the Manor of Edwinstaw, Chief Justice in Eyre North of Trent, and Warden of this Forest, was Officially referred to, and concurred in approving and recommending the Sale.

And lastly, The Sale took Place in Consideration of the Sum of 7,100l. paid into the Exchequer, as the Price of the Land and Timber. The Words in the Appendix, Grant to the Earl of Kingston are " all that Parcel of N®20, B.

" Woodland, Parcel of our Wood called with the Ground and Soil thereof, and all Timber and " other Trees thereon."

It cannot be supposed that the Duke of Newcastle was unacquainted with his own Rights. He resided in the Forest; and having presided at the Justice Seat before-mentioned, held there some Years before that Time, had the best Opportunity of being minutely acquainted with the Rights of all Parties; and does not appear, from the Proceedings at that Justice Seat, to have been a Person likely to neglect or abandon his own. It is observable also that this Transaction, as far as the Duke of Newcastle was' concerned in it, was conducted with the Cognizance, and most probably under the Advice, of John Millington, Esquire, a Lawyer, who was One of the Deputy Justices in Eyre appointed by his Grace to hold the Justice# Seat before-mentioned', and whose Name is subscribed to the Copy of the Duke'st Letter to the Lords of + N® 20. the Treasury, approving and recommending that Sale.

There cannot, we apprehend, be a more convincing Proof than that which we have now stated, that the Crown had, at that Time, not only in the Opinion of every Person living near the Forest, or interested in it, but in that of the Proprietor of Edwinstaio himself, the undoubted Property of the Soil of the Hays of Birkland and Bilhagh.

But, in the Grant of the Manor of Edwinstaw, all Timber Trees growing, or to grow, on the Waste of Edwinstaw, within the Forest, being reserved for the Use of the King, it is probable that the Duke of Portland has been led to suppose, from this Reservation, and from the Circumstance of Birkland wad Bilhagh being within the Parish of Edwinstaw, that he had a Right to all except the Timber Trees in these Hays; and thus, on. a Right which the Crown has to the Timber Trees on an Estate belonging to the Duke of Portland, a Claim has, by Misapprehension, been founded by his Grace, to the Soil of an Estate belonging to the Crown.

If those Hays were, as we have been led to conclude, the Property of the Crown, in 1684, they must still remain so, unless some Grant was made between-that Time and the Year 1701, when the Civil List iAnn<*, C.; Act was passed, by which the Grown was restrained from farther Grants in Fee; for no Act of Parliament has, since that Time, authorized the Alienation of them.

Numerous Acts of Ownership have since been exercised, on the Part of the Crown, in the felling of Timber in those Hays, for Sale, for the Navy, and for Fees to the Officers; in breaking up the Soil to

a, make

App^dix,

N® 8.

Appendix, N° 31.

Appendix,

N* lC.

Attorney General against Whitehead and llolles-ton.

Michaelmas

Term,

13 Cha. IT. Roll 294.

10 Dec.

4a FAiz.

Appendix,

N° 22.

28° Martii.

471

make Ridings, and granting Licence to others to do so, particularly to the Duke of Newcastle in 1709; so that no prescriptive Right to them can have been acquired by any other Party.

It is not our Province to decide on the Rights of Parties; but our Duty requires that we should state 'such Circumstances, and refer tp such Documents, relative to Claims on the Estates on the Crown, as have come within our Knowledge, and seem to be material, that the Means may be furnished to others to judge of them; and that it may appear on what Grounds we have been led to consider such Claims as being well or ill founded.

The Soil of no other Part of the Forest appears to Us to have been retained by the Crown. We have not, indeed, found any Grant of the Two Woods called Homan's Wood, and Lyndhurst Wood, mentioned in otir Letter to the Duke of Portland; but those Woods having been claimed by Rollest and Clayton, Agents for the Duke of Newcastle, at the Justice Seat in the Reign of Charles the Second, and that Claim having been allowed, and the Right afterwards confirmed, on a Suit in the Exchequer, as well as by long uninterrupted Possession, we consider the Crown to have now no recoverable Right to those Woods.

We shall next proceed to consider what other Rights the Crown has retained in this Forest; and, First, concerning the Deer.

The Crown has an undisputed Right to keep Deer, without Stint, in all the open Parts of the Forest, with the usual Privilege of Range and Haunt in the Parts inclosed.

In the 42d of Elizabeth, a Grant was made to John Stanhope, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever, of the Office of Keeper of Tkorney Woods, in Sherwood Forest.

By the annexed Copy of that Grant, it appears that the Grantee was appointed Keeper of the Woods of " Thornewood, and of all the Queen's Wild Beasts " there; to hold and enjoy the Custody and Office " aforesaid, with all Wages, Fees, Advantages, and " Profits to the said Office and Custody antiently " due, and accustomed; and it was farther granted " that he, or his Heirs, should not thenceforth be " troubled or impeached, for any hunting, chasing, destroying, killing, or wasting any of the Queen's " Wild. Beasts within the Woods aforesaid, so that, " notwithstanding any such hunting, chasing, destroying, killing, or wasting, there should remain " 100 Deer, at the least, within the said Woods of " Thornewood, to the Use of the Queen, her Heirs and " Successors.''

The Inhabitants of neighbouring Estates having Rights of Common mixed with those of the Crown, and of Lord Chesterfield, in the Wastes within the District of Thorney Woods, various Acts have passed for the Inclosure of Portions of them; One in the Year 1779, for Lands within the Parish of Calverton, One in 17 89, for Lands in the Parish of Arnold, and Three in 1792, for Lands in the Parishes of and Basford.

When the First of those Bills of Inclosure was before the House of Commons, no Care appears to have been taken of the Interest of the Crown; no Reference was made to the Surveyor General, or any other Officer of the Crown; nor any Claim or Stipulation in Favour of the Crown, during the Progress of the Bill. About 500 Acres of the Open Forest Land were then inclosed; and Lord Chesterfield claiming to be entitled to the whole of the Forestrial Rights, an Allotment of One-twentieth Part was made to his Lordship, and no Share of that Allotment was given to the Crown.

Upon the Application of the Parties for His Majesty's Consent to the Bill for the Inclosure of the Wastes in Arnold, in 1789, a> Part of which lay without, and a Part within, the District of Thorney Woods, Claims Vol. 48.

itete made, on the Suggestion of the Surveyor Gene- Fourteenth Report

tal of the Crown Lands, tb a Compensation for thevon Land Reve, lu<*-

Crown's Forest Rights in the Wastes without that Dis- '

trict, and to a Share of whatever Allotment should be

made to Lord Chesterfield for the Fofest Rights Within

the District of Thorney Woods. For the First of those

Claims, a Fortieth Part of the Wastes without that

District was allotted to the Crown: and, in order that

the Progress of the Bill might not be impeded by the

Discussion of the Second Claim, a Proposal was made

by Lord Chesterfield's Solicitor, arid agreed to by the

Lords of the Treasury, that the Bill should, in the

mean Time, be allowed to pass, and that his Lordship

should afterwards convey to His Majesty, such Share

of the proposed Allotment as should be deemed, by

proper Judges, to be a fair Proportion, in Case it

should appear that His Majesty had a well-grounded

Claim to any Part of it.

' A similar Course was taken on passing the Acts for the I riel os tries in Basford, Gedling, and Lambley, in 1792; and an Agreement was Signed by Lord Chesterfield to submit the Question to the Opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General, and to convey to His Majesty Such Share of the Allotments for Forestrial Rights as they should adjudge and determine to belong to His Majesty.

In consequence of the Claims thus made on Behalf of the Crown, a State of the Case has been drawn by the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, and the Agents of the Earl of Chesterfield, for the Opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General, on the equitable Construction of that Grant.

On the Part of the Earl of Chesterfield it is contended, that this is a Grant in Fee, which Conveys to him, and his Heirs, every Right, Title, and Interest whatever, which was vested in the Crown prior to the Grant, subject only to the Stipulation of keeping 100 Head of Deer, and of not1 suffering any Diminution by wilful Default; that such Reservation of Deer is in the Nature of a Reserved Freehold Rent, to be Annually paid; that so long as 100 Head of Deer, at the least, are kept up and supported, his Lordship complies fully with the Conditions of the Grant, and is entitled to every Advantage and Pfofit to be derived under it; and that, until a Failure shall happen on the Part of the Grantee, the Expressions in the Grant operate as a complete Bar to all other Claims to be set up by the Crown, or any of its Officers. It is further contended, for Lord Chesterfield, that he and his Ancestors have built several Lodges within these Woods, and that he is at an Annual Expence of 200l. in Fees and Salaries to Keepers, Repairs of Lodges, and otherwise, in supporting the Rights vested in him under this Grant; and that the Crown has1 never made *

any Claim upon him since the Grant; except that the Four Verderors in Sherzvood Forest have demanded, and been allowed, a Fee Buck and Fee Doe each, which he states to be in Right of the 1-00 Head of Deer stipulated in the Grant to be reserved and kept

To this it is answered, on the Part of the Crown, that the Grant of Queen Elizabeth did not convey a Right to the Deer, but only to the Office of Forester or Keeper of Thorney Woods, and the Custody of the Queen's Wild Beasts within the said Woods, with the Wages, and other Profits which had belonged to the Office before that Grant, when they had been held by Henry Parker, and others, during Pleasure; that the Grant did not alter the Nature of the Office, and merely prolonged its Duration; that there were Duties annexed to it, as well as Emoluments; that it was the Duty of a Keeper to preserve and protect the Deer entrusted to his Care; and that the Grant, in this Case, conferred no extraordinary Privilege on the Keeper, except that of being freed froth any Question concerning the Deer, so long as tocT Head should remain in those

Woods:

28° Martii. A. 1793.

Fourteenth Report Woods: But that this Trust in the Officer did not on Land Revenue, make it less his Duty to preserve the Deer; and though J it specified the smallest Number that must be kept, it

did not give up the Right of the Crown to the rest, if there should, at any Time, be more than that Number in those Woods: That as, in the Grant itself on which Lord Chesterfield makes his Claim, the Deer are said to be the Queen's Deer, as it contains no Restriction on the Usie of them, and the Fee Deer for the Forest Officers have been, at all Times, taken from Woods, the Crown had, and still has, the Right of being supplied from thence, when it shall issue Warrants for that Purpose.

The Opinion of the Attorney and Solicitor General, when it shall be obtained, will determine the Share which the Crown is to have of the Allotments already made to Lord Chesterfield within Thomey IVas well as those which may be made on future Inclosurea within that District

There were, in 1789, by the Report of the Solicitors of Lord Chesterfield, about 500 Head of Deer in his Part of the Forest.

As the Crown has the same Right in the other Wastes in the Forest that the Crown and Lord Chesterfield have, jointly, in Thomey Woods, and ought to have a similar Allotment on any Inclosure of those Wastes, it seemed to us extraordinary that a Twentieth Part of the Wastes in Arnold should have been allotted as a Compensation for the Forest Rights within Lord Chesterfield's District, and only a Fortieth Part of the Wastes without it: The Explanation given to us of this, is as follows.

The Lands in the Parish of Arnold, divided and inclosed under the Act in 1792, consisted partly of Cultivated, and partly of Waste Lands. The Deer had certain Privileges in both; but it happened that all the cultivated Part lay within Lord s Dis-

trict; and an additional Share of the Wastes was allotted to him, as a Return for freeing those cultivated Lands from the Injury done to them by the Deer.

Appendix, We have given, in the Appendix, a State of the 140 23‘ estimated Quantities of Waste Lands within the District of Thomey Woods, which have been inclosed, as well as of those which still remain open; and a similar Statement of the Quantities of Wastes in the other Parts of the Forests, as reported to us by our Surveyor.

A considerable Stock of Deer appears formerly to have been kept in the rest of the Forest, as well as in Thomey Woods; but they have been suffered, by Neglect, to be wasted and destroyed.

Appendix, By an Account in the Appendix, taken by Order N* 24. of the Lord Warden in 1616, there were then 1,263 Head of Red Deer in the Forest, without reckoning those in Thomey Woods.

In another List, dated in 1722, the Numbers appear to have been greatly diminished; but Returns had not been made from all the Walks.

Plans have, at different Times, been proposed, during the present Century, for replenishing this Forest with Deer, and for preserving the m; but those Plans have had no other Effect than that of bringing some Expence upon the Crown, and some Advantage to the Proposers, without any permanent Increase of the King's Deer.

Appendix, In 1703, the Duke of Newcastle, as Lord Warden N® 25.of the Forest of Sherwood, represented that, for the Preservation of the Deer, and Increase of the Game, it was absolutely necessary a competent Allowance should be made, not only for the Maintenance and Support of a sufficient Number of Keepers, which he conceived could not be less than Six, and their Deputies, but also for providing Hay and Pasture Ground for the fothering and supporting the Deer;

and, in consequence of that Representation, he obtained a Warrant for 366/. per Annum, to be paid by the Surveyor General of the Woods North of Trent, out of Monies arising from the Sale of Windfalls, and of dotard and decayed Trees; and to be distributed by his Grace in the Manner proposed: And that Payment was continued until Michaelmas 1707.

In 1709, the Duke obtained, by Letters Patent, Licence to make a Park within the Forest, to contain at least 3,000 Acres of his own Land; and in Consideration of thus extinguishing the Rent of such a Quantity of his own Lands, and of finding Hay and Pasture Ground, not only for the Deer to be kept in the said Park, but for those in the Forest also, and of paying all the Keepers, both in the Park and the Forest, and defraying all other Charges incident to both, a Yearly Fee, or Salary, of 1,000l. was granted to him, payable out of the Exchequer, and to commence from Michaelmas 1707, when the former Payment of 366/. ceased. This Salary of 1,000l. was paid till the Death of Queen Anne, in 1714, when it appears to have been discontinued.

It appears, therefore, from what has been stated, and more fully from the Papers in the Appendix, that the Duke of Newcastle, instead of paying any Compensation to the Crown for exonerating 3,000 Acres of his Lands, before exposed to the Range and Haunt of the Deer of the Forest, converted that Circumstance into a Ground of Claim for an Increase of Salary.

It appears also, that notwithstanding these Provisions for their Increase, their Numbers were gradually lessened; and the last of them were destroyed about Twenty Years ago, by the Keepers of the Duke of Kingstoti, and others, under the Direction of the present Lord Warden of the Forest.

No Deer being now kept for the King in any Part of the Forest, except Thomey. Woods, the Forestrial Rights are productive of no Profit or Advantage. The Power to prevent Fences from being made of more than a certain Height, so as not to exclude Deer, the Restraints which the King has, by the Forest Laws, on the free Use of the Wood and Timber on private Property within the Regard of the Forest, or that of preventing the breaking up, and improving the Soil in the Wastes, if rigidly exercised, might impede Improvement, and lessen the Value of the private Property; but could be attended with no substantial Advantage to the King; nor can the exclusive Right of Chace, in so distant a Forest, be of any considerable Value or Importance.

A small Profit only is derived from those Rights, by the Forest Officers. The Towns and Villages in the Forest have a Privilege, which is called inclosing Breeks: This is a Power to inclose, and plough, a certain Quantity, generally ao ut 300 Acres, of the Waste of the Forest, to keep it in Tillage for Seven Years, and to inclose and cultivate a similar Quantity, on prostrating the Fences, and laying open the former.

Such Towns only within the Forest (which the Steward informs us are about Five or Six) as are not exempt from View of the Forest Officers, are obliged to petition for a Licence from the Chief Justice in Eyre, who directs the Verderors to take a personal View of the Grounds; after which they certify that such Inclosure will not be prejudicial to the Deer. A Licence is then issued; and a Fee of Two Guineas is paid to each Verderor who attends on those Occasions.

Having now explained what Rights the Crown still has in this Forest, we shall give, in the Appendix, an Account of the Produce during the present Century, and of the Expences incurred in the Management

Appendix,

N® 16.

15 August »7°9-

Appendix, N® 27.

Appendix,

N°6.

Appendix, N® 5-

Appendix, N® 28.

Appendix, N# 29 & 30.

Appendix, N° ai.

N° a8.

41 Elir.

Appendix, N° 6.

meat of it. From that Statement it will appear that Trees appear, for Two' Centuries, to have been in a Fourteenth Report the Disbursements, to the End of the Year 1786, have State of continual Decrease. on an evenue-

exceeded the Produce £. 9,037. 135. 2d. In the Collection of Papers left by Sir Jttlatf Ccesar.

Our Reports on Dean and New Forest shew how there is a Survey taken in 1609 of the Trees growing loose the Management in Forests has been, even on those Hays, when there were found to be 31,000 APjfn<Jlx' where Acts of Parliament have been passed for their Oak Trees in Birkland, and 28,900 in and 3*‘

Improvement and Protection, and where they are so the Trees in general, even at that Time, wfere past

situated, and of such Value and Extent, as to be great Maturity.

Objects of Public Attention; and it cannot be Mat- We have found also, in the Office of the Surveyor

ter of Wonder that in Sherwood Forest, situated at. a General of the Crown Lands, another Survey, dp ted Distance from any Dock Yard, and where the Pro- 1st October 1686, of the Trees then in die spme Hays; N° S'*-perty of the Crown is of far inferior Value, many when there were, in , 12,516 Trees, and 933

Abuses have been suffered to prevail in the Exe- hollow decayed Trees; and in Bilhagh 21,080 Trees, cution of Warrants, and in the Management of the and 2,797 hollow Trees; and by a Survey taken in N*6*

Timber. 1790, under the Direction of the Surveyor General of

As an Example of the First, we shall give, in the - the Woods, there were in Birkland and Bilhagh, to-Appendix, a Copy of an Account of the Sale of Trees gether, only 10,117 Trees. From the Number of which had been blown down by a Storm in 1716, Trees in those different Surveys, some Idea may be and were sold by the Surveyor General of the Woods, formed of the Progress of the Decrease in the Quantity These Trees were valued by the Verderors at of the Timber, the Trees having been at their full £. 2,473. 9 s. 4 d.But, in the Account of the Sale Growth in the Time of James the First, when the first of them, which was not passed before the Auditor Survey was taken. Those in the last Survey were esti-till 1746, the Produce was stated to have been only mated, in 1790, at £. 17,147. 15$. 4 but the Price £. 850; and that Sum of £. 8.50, exactly, was ex- both of Timber and Bark having increased since that pended in Fees and Allowances to the Surveyor Time, they are now of greater Value.

General, and Expences in the Cutting and Dispo- From the-Account which we have given of the Pro-sal of the Timber; and the Account was declared perty of the Crown in this Forest, it appears to consist to be even. of Three Kinds; of the Soil in Birkland and,

It is worthy of Remark, that in order to produce where neighbouring Inhabitants have Rights of Com-that exact Equality between the Charge and Discharge mon; of Timber in a State of Decay, and exposed to of this Account, the Surveyor General charged no less constant Injury; and of Forestrial Rights over an ex-than 800 Days Attendance of Two Deputies, at 4 s. tensive District, which tend to obstruct Improvement, each per Day, in the execution of the Warrant for the and lessen the Value of private Property, without Sale of the Timber. bringing, at present, any Profit to the Crown, and a

Another Article in the Accounts of this Forest may, Part of which are held jointly with Lord -

perhaps, also deserve Notice: On an Application field.

from the Duke of Newcastle, in the Year >709, a The Situation of the Forest is remote from any of very broad Riding was cut through the Whole of His Majesty's Dock Yards; and the Part where the Birkland Wood, from one End to the other; and the Soil appears still to be the Property of the Crown Timber, which was valued at £. 1,500, was given to is not of such Extent as to render it, in our Opinion, his Grace; but the Expences attending the Fall, adviseable to retain it as a Nursery of Timber for the amounting to £.118. 17 s.2d. were charged to the Navy,

Crown. _ There are, at present, no young Trees coming up in

The Trees in Birkland and Bilhagh are of great Birkland and Bilhagh, to Ripply the Place of those very Size, and now of great Age. It appears by a Return antient Trees that are now upon it; and if a Right to to a Commission for enquiring into the State of the inclose, for the Growth of Timber, should be obtained,

Timber in this Forest, and the Abuses committed in under such Conditions as we have proposed in our it, dated 3d January 1598, " That the Trees in Birk- Reports on those Forests, which it seems expedient to " land were then of 300 Years Growth, and more;" retain, it would be necessary, immediately, to build and those in Bilhagh were " of 200 Years and more;" Houses for Wood-Bailiffs, there being none upon it at and various Documents which have come under our present, and to pay the Wages of those Officers for at Examination shew that the Trees now in the' Forest least Fourscore Years, before any Supply to the Navy are a Part of what are mentioned in that Return. The could be expected from it. The accumulated Ex-far greater Part of those Trees are now in a State of pence on so small a Quantity of Land, in such a Decay, and it is not easy to find such as have not Length of Time, would, we apprehend, probably exceed

some Defect in the Heart, where Trees first begin to the Value of the Produce.

fail. This Difficulty gives rise to the greatest Abuse We humbly recommend, therefore, that an Act of which we have found to prevail in this Forest. Parliament should pass, similar to that which we have

The Officers who are entided to Fee Trees, though proposed in our Report on the Forest of it is their Duty to prevent Abuses in the Forest, by which His Majesty should be empowered to appoint commonly sell those Trees before they are felled, giving Commissioners to treat with the Proprietors of Estates the Purchaser leave to choose the Tree himself; and in this Forest for a Transference of the Rights which the Purchaser, to guard against the Danger of buying the Crown has over each of their Estates, on fair and one that is unsound, bores the best-looking Trees to reasonable Terms; and that the Consent of the Crown the Heart with an Auger, rejecting every one in which should be given to such Bills of Inclosure as may, in there is any Mark of Decay. the mean Time, be applied for, upon obtaining reason-

As this happens every Year, many of the best- able Allotments for the Forestrial Rights, looking Trees have been injured in this Manner; and We would recommend, that the same Commissioners each Time that we viewed this Forest, we found should cause an accurate Survey and Valuation to be

some which had been recently bored. The greater made, by skilful Persons, on Oath, of the Property of

Part of the Trees have also suffered by the Mode of the Crown in the Hays of Birkland and Bilhagh, and Marking which had been adopted with a View to their to sell that Property at a fair Price, giving the First Preservation. Offer of Purchase to- the Duke of Portland, whose

Though the Falls of Timber in this Forest have, as Tenants in the adjacent Manor of Edwinstow have we have shewn, been far short of paying the Expence Rights of Common in those Hays, and to whom the of Management, yet the Number and Value of the Purchase may be the more desirable, on Account of his Vox.. 48. 6E being

Fourteenth Report on Land Revenue.

being Lord of that Manor. If his Grace should not choose to purchase the Property, it should be offered entire, or in Parts, to One or more of the Proprietors of neighbouring Estates; and if they should also decline the Purchase, the Commissioners should be empowered to dispose of those Hays by Public Sale, the Timber and Land together, or separately, as they shall deem most for the Advantage of the Public.

The Money that may arise from the proposed Sale of the Timber, we humbly think should be made a Fund for the Improvement of those Forests which we have, in other Reports, advised to be retained, and improved as N urseries of Timber for the Supply of the Navy.

The Price of the Soil should be laid out in the Purchase of other Freehold Land, but invested, in the mean Time, in Stock, till a proper Purchase shall be found: And lest it should happen that a fair Price cannot be obtained, we would recommend that the Commissioners should, by the same Act, be empowered, in that Case, to treat and agree with the Persons who have Rights mixed with those of the Crown in Birkland ana Bilhagh, for the Disafforestation of such of their Estates as have those Rights, and are situated within the Regard of the Forest; and for the Proportion which the Crown should be allowed to inclose, for the Growth of Timber, in consequence of its Rights in those Hays, and of freeing those Estates from the Injury to which they would be exposed if the Deer should^ be restored, and, consequently, for ascertaining the Proportion which should be left open, as a competent Satisfaction for their present Right of Pasture, in Common with the Deer.

Cha' Middleton, (L. S.)

Land Revenue Office, Jrt Call, (L. S.)

Scotland Yard, John ,(L. S.)

March 28th, 1793.

APPENDIX.

N® Page

1. Perambulation of the Forest of Sherwood, in the 28th Year of King

the 1st.....-.....475

2. Perambulation of the said Forest, in the 30th Year of King Henry the VUIth - 476

3. Perambulation of the said Forest, in the 14th Year of King Charles the lid - 477

4. List of the Officers of the Forest of Sherwood in 1791 ----- 479

5. The Answer of John Gktdzvin, Gent. Steward of the Courts of the Forest of

Sherwood, to the Enquiries of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue - 480

6.The Examination of George Clarke, Woodward of and Bilhagh, in the

Forest of Sherwood; taken on Oath the 17th Day of November 1791 - - 480

7. Appointment of John Rolleston and William Clay to be Deputy Justices in Eyre

for the Forest of Sherwood, 16th May, 28th Cha. II; and Proceedings at a Session in Eyre, before the said William Clay, 8th July, 28th Charles II - 483

8. Order made at a Session in Eyre, 2d October 1676, that such of the Claimants as

would have their Claims returned into the Exchequer should take Order that the same be fairly recorded - - - 483

9. Extracts of Two Letters from William Clay, Esquire, of Southwell, concerning

a Book of Proceedings at an Iter for the Forest of Sherwood, in the Reign of Charles II, belonging to Mr. Clay - -- -- - 483

10. A List of divers Grants from the Crown, of Manors, Lands, and Offices, within the Forest of Sherwood ----- ---- - 484

11. Letter from the Commissioners of the Land Revenue to the Duke of Portland;

with the Answers of his Grace's Agents thereto ----- - 485

12. Extract from a Survey of the Forest of Shei'wood, made in the Year 1609;

with a Copy of an antient Paper concerning the Measures of Land in the said Forest - - ----- ----- - 486

13. An Inquisition concerning the Forest of Sherwood, 35th Hen. Ill - 487

14. Grant to the Men and Tenants of Edwinstowe, of Common of Pasture and

Pannage in the King's Hays of Birkland and Bilhagh, 8th September,

37th Edw. Ill - -- - - 488

15. Claims of the Men and Tenants of Edwinstowe, and of George Cam, at a Justice

Seat held at Mansfield, in 15th Charles II - - - - 488

16. Claims of John Rolleston and Andrew Clayton, and of the Dean and Chapter of

Lincoln, at the same Justice Seat - -- -- - 489

17. Bounds of the Hays of BiUahagh and Birkeland, and of the Township of

Edwinstowe ---- ----- -- - 401

18. Grant of the Manor of Edwinstowe to William Collins and Edzcard Ferni, in Fee

Farm, dated 8th September, 7 Cha. I - - - - 492

19. Claim of Cha? Gosling at a Justice Seat held at Mansfield, in 15th Cha. II - 492

20 A. Petition

28° Martil

47 5

S3 Geo. III.

N® _ Page

20 A. Petition of William Earl of Kingston, for a Grant of Part of the Hay of

Bilhagh', and Proceedings thereon, 1683 ----- -- 493

20 B. Grant to William Earl of Kingston, of a Parcel of Woodland, Part of Bilhagh,

7th March, 36th Cha. II - - - - 496

21* Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of , for Timber out of the King's Hays of Bilhagh and Birkland, towards repairing of their Church, in

1679; and Warrants for making Ridings in Birkland and Bilhagh, in 1703,

1706, and 1709 - -- 497

22. Grant of the Office of Keeper of Thomey Woods to John Stanhope, Esquire,

and his Heirs, 1 oth December, 42 Eliz. ----- -- 498

23. A State of the Estimated Quantity and Value of the Forest Lands in Sherwood

Forest, which have been inclosed by Act of Parliament, and of those remaining uninclosed, as reported to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, by John Renshaw, Land Surveyor, in the Year 1792 ----- - 500

24. Account of the Number of Red Deer in Sherwood 5th March 1616 - 501

25. Warrant for a Privy Seal for paying to John Duke of Newcastle, Lord Warden of

Sherwood Forest, £. 366 per Ann.for Salaries of Six Keepers, and providing Hay for the Deer, 3d July 1704 - - - - . - - - - 502

26. Warrants for paying the said £. 366 per Annum out of Wood Sales, and for issuing

from the Exchequer £. 200 on that Account, in lieu of the like Sum paid in there by the Surveyor General of the Woods ----- - 502

27. Warrant for Payment of £. t,oooo per Annum out of the Exchequer to John Duke

of Newcastle, in Consideration of his making a Park of 3,000 Acres of his own Land in Sherwood Forest, and of paying the Keepers both in the said Park and Forest, 26th August 1709 - -- 503

28. Abstract of Accounts of Wood Sales, and of Timber felled for the Navy within the Forest of Sherwood, and of the Disbursements made thereout, from the Year 1700 to the Year 1777; and also, a State of the Produce and Expence of the said Forest, from 1700 to 1786 - -- -- - 504

29. Representation of the Verderorsof Sherwood Forest to the Lords of the Treasury,

concerning Trees blown down by a Storm in 1716; and Warrant to the Surveyor General to make Sale thereof, 7 th August 1716 - - - - 506

30. Account of the Sale of the said Trees, as passed before the Auditor, 25th February

1745 507

31. Extract from a Survey of His Majesty's Woods and Timber in the County of

Nottingham, 13 th December 1608 - -- -- - 509

32. An Account of the Timber in Birkland and Bilhagh, with the Value thereof, and

Charge of Land and Water Carriage to His Majesty's Dock Yards, 1st October 1686..... 510

Fourteenth Report 00 Land Revenue.

N° 1.

Rot' Perambulac' de Anno Regni Regis EDWARDI PRIMI Vicesimo octavo, m. 10.

" EDWARDUS Dei Gra' Rex Angl' Dns " Hifen' & Dux Aquit' Omibz ad quos " fisentes Lre pveifint Sattm, SCIATIS qd " cum Coitas Regni nri nob' concesserit Quintam decimam omiu' Bonor' Suo' mobiliu' " que hebunt in Festo Sci Michis pxlo futuro " extunc taxandor' Quequidem Quinta decima post hujusmodi Taxacoem colligi debet, " levari & fidelit' nobis solvi, Volumus & " concedimus p nob' & Hedibz nris qd patnbulacoes facte coram ditco & fideli nro Jolie " de Lythegreyns et Sociis suis ad hoc assignatis p jkeptum nrm de Forestis nris in " Notingham' de cet'o teneantur & observentur p metas & Bundas contentas in eisdem " p'ambulacoibz, quar' Tenor de Verbo ad " Verbum sequitur in hunc Modum."

NOTING H' j SCHIREWODE. } PERAMBULACIO fca in J Comitatu Notingh' Die Ven'is pxima post festum Sci Barnabe Apli Anno Regni Dni Regis Edwardi Filii Dni Regis Henrici Vicesimo Octavo coram Jobe de Lythegreyns, Jobe Byrun, Miche de Vox.. 48.

Haitecla, Haisculpho de Cleseby, Adam de Crokedayk, et Rico Oysel ad illam p Bfe Dni Reg' faciendam assig-natis in fisencia Hugonis de Louther Attornati Dni Robti de Clifford tunc Justic' Forestar' Dni Reg' ultra Trentam p Lras ipius Robti Patentes, et in f^sencia Forestarior & Viridarior' Foreste de Schirewode p Sacrum Gervasii de Clifton, Johis Burdon, Johis de Leek, Rog'i de Sco Andrea, Ranulphi de Waudeslay, Thome Malet, Rici Paneby, Witti de Colewyk Mili-tum, Robti de Kynm'ley, Fulconis de Honecoft, Petri de Ludeham, et Nichi de Insula Servientum, QUI DICUNT sup sacrum suu' qd pambulacio Foreste Dni Regis de Schirewode incipit ad Vadum de Conyngeswath p Chiminum qd se extendit usq' ad Viliam de Wellehawe versus Nottingh', Ita qd Clausum Ville de Wellehawe est extra Forestam, et sic deinde p idem Chiminum quod se extendit inter Wellehawe et Notingh' usq' ad quandam pticulam Bosci qui vocatur Littelhawe, ct sic ascendendo p quandam Viam v'sus occidentem intr dcm Boscum et Boscum Abbis de Rufford qui vocatur Brunne et extendit se usq' Reynewathford et deinde div'tendo p quandam Viam v'sus orientem int' pdcm Boscum de Littelhawe et Boscum de Blitheworthe usq' ad fJdcm magnum Chiminum quod se extendit de Wellehawe versus Nottingh' usq' Bakestanhowe sup illud idem magnum Chiminum, et sic deinde p idem Chiminum usq' ad Locum ilium ubi Rivulus de Douerbek

ptransit

Report Revenue*

©transit sids-m Chiminum, et deinde sicut Rivulus' pdcus de Douerbek descendit in Aquam que vocatur Trente, et sic in longo p eandem Aquam de Trente ascendendo usq' ad Pontem Notingh'. INCIPIT eciatn pambulacio fidca in eodem Com' Notingh' ad f)d5m Vadum de Conyngeswath ascendendo v'sus occidentem p Aquam que vocatur Medine usq' ad Viliam que vocatur Warsop et ab eadem Villa ascendendo p eandem Aquam usq' ad Parcum de Pleseley, et deinde ascendendo p ip£m Aquam usq' ad. Hay-trebrigge, et deinde div'tendo p magnum Chiminum de Notingh' usq' ad Pontem de Mulneford, et deinde ascendendo usq' Maineshened, et deinde ini' Campos de Herdewyk & de Kyrkeby & Moram de Kyrkeby usq' ad Angulum qui vocatur Nonneker, et deinde p Assartum Ywayn Breton usq' ad Tarlesty, et deinde usq' ad Stolegate, et deinde p magnum Chiminum usq' subtus vetus Castellarum de. Anneslay, et ab ipo Castellario p magnum Chiminum usq' ad Viliam de Lyndeby, et deinde p Mediam Viliam de Lyn-deby usq' ad Molendinu' ejusdem Ville sup Aquam de Lene, et deinde descendendo p ipam Aquam usq' ad Viliam de Lenton, et deinde sicut ipa Aqua anti-quitus currere solebat usq' in Aquam que dicitur Trente, et sic ascendendo p ipam Aquam de Trente usq' ad Pontem Notingh' {idem. Ita qd quicquid &c. IN CUJUS, &c. T. R. apud Lincoln' xiiii Die Februar'.

This is a true Copy of the Record in the Tower of London, having been examined.

Robert Lemon,

Chief Clerk.

' N*

INTER RECORDA in Thesaurario Curiae Receptae Scaccarii adservata, viz. in Libro indorsat' " Black Book of the Forests," continetur ut sequitur:

sSon? 1 SESSIO in ITIN»E de Statut' J Foreste pdicte tent' apud Alerton die Lune vidz. tercio die Junii Anno regni Henrici Octavi dei gra Anglie et Francie Regis, ndei defen-soris dni Hibnie Et interra Sup'mi Capitis Anglicane Ecctie Tricesimo, coram Matheo Boynton et Willmo Thwates armigeris loc' tenent' Thome Crumwell mi-litis dno Crumwell Custod' privati Sigilli Anglie ac Capitalis Justic' Itin'antis oim Forestaru' parcor' Chacear' et Warren' dicti dni Reg' ultra aquam vocat' Trent in partibz borialibz Gardiani et Capitalis Cus-todis ac Magistri oim ferar' et f)missor'

PERAMBULACIO FORESTE P*DICT'

PERAMBULACIO FORESTE PRDICTE facta nono die Septembris Anno Regni Henrici Octavi dei Gra Anglie et Franc' Regis fidei defensoris dni Hibnie Et interra sup'mi Capitis Anglicane Ecctie Tricesimo per Regardator* supradict' Que Perara-bulaco ad Castru' dni Regis Nottyngham Incipit Et deinde procedendo usq'le Kyng his brigge ac deinde per le old Trente usq' ad antiquum Curs' aque de Leen que est bound inter le Kynges medoo et prati de Wylforde Et deinde per dictam antiquum Curs' aque de Leen usq' ad prat' vocat' Carlam Et deinde per Communem viam usq' ad pontem super Leen juxta pomar dni Regis nuper prioris de Lenton Et dein-ceps ascendend' per dictam aquam de Leen usq' ad boundas ville dni Regis de Bulwell Et sic circa bosc' dni Regis de Bulwell usq' ad dictam aquam de Leen Et sic ascendend' per dictam aquam usq' ad Molen-9

dinu' de Lyndebie usq' ad Crucem ibm Et deinde a dicto Cruce per magnu' Cheminu' qd due' ad antiquum Castru' de Annesleye, demittend' diet' castru' ex parte dextra Ac deinde per diet' magnu' Cheminu' usq' ad Schole gayte qui ducit usq' ad Chesterfeylde Ledeyate Et deinde aliquatul' dimittend' vrs' Occidental' per le Scole Streghe ex parte bolriali Campi de Annesleye usq' quandam venellam que est inter Campu' de Annesleye-Woodehouse ex parti occidentali Et quendam Assertum Richardi Samon quondam Ewanie de Bretten ex parte Occident' Et sic discen-dend' per dictam venellam v's' borial' usq' quend' Angulu' vocat None karre Et deinde per viam inter le moram de Kyrkebie et Campos ejdem Usq' venellam que est inter Campos de Kyrkebie fidict' Et Caihpos de Hardewike Et tunc per eadem venellam v's' Orient' Et tunc v's' borial' per port' Mansionis de Hardewike usq' ad Mauncefelde Et deinde v's' Occidental' per sepe' de Hardewike Et sic discendend' V's' Austru' per leez rewardes mere inter Campos de Kyrkebie Et Campos de Sutton usq' ad Helbroke-hawe Et deinde per Sepem de Helbrokehawe usq' ad Colegate Et sic interand' per le Colyacen bosc' dni Regis vocat' Fulwoode Et sic circa bound' fulwoode usq* venellam de Noreman ton Et a dicta venella per sepem Campi de Norman tone usq' Hawkeswell Et abinde circa Campos de dyrtye Huknall et Howethewte v's' pontem de Mylforde Et deinde dev'tend' per magnu' Cheminu' de Nott' Et per aquam usq' Hey-therbridge Et per dictam aquam discend' usq' Vleeslye Et deinde per aquam de Meyden usq' villam de War-sope Et sic per mediu' ville fid' usq' ad Crucem ibm Et sic dirfect' per viam de Warsope Et per illam viam tisq' ad dictam aquam de Meyden Et sic per dictam aquam v's' Orient usq' Myngley Et deinde ascend' v's' borial' usq' le Hessell gappe Et sic dimittend' le fiste Crownee ex parte dextra usq' Sepem inter Ro-woode et Clowen feylde usq' parcu' dni Regis nuper Abbatis de Welbeke Et sic ascendend' per dictu'parcu' usq' le oute gayte Forest' que est inter dictu' parcu' et parcu' Comitis Salopie quond' dni de Fumewell Et a dicta Outegate extend' v's' byarde Stable Et ascendend' inter dictos parcos usq' le rode gayte Et sic discendend' per dictu' le rode v's' Occident' usq' quend' lapidem ad orient' Finem de Wardewood Et discendend' aliquant' v's' austru' usq' ad quend' lapidem in Clumbr' Et sic ultra vad' de Clumbr'usq'ad lapidem fixu' ex parte Oriental' de Glemers extra bor' vie ibm Et abinde direct' v's' Austru' usq' ad alium lapidem gui est fixus juxta viam que ducit a Meryall briges usq' Aneslede Et abinde usq' quandam le Holme ppe Campos de Thuresbie Et discendend' per Campos pdict' vidz per le persons balke usq' ad villam de -Thuresbie Et deinde per aquam de Meden ad Co-nyngesbie For the Et deiude per magnu' Cheminu' de Blythe usq' Conyngesbie Wathe fourthe Et sic ex parte Occident' ville de Wyllowe Ac deinde per magnu' Cheminu' qd ducit aput Nott' usq' Blake-stone howe Et abinde usq' ad Rivolu' de Dou'banke Et sic'.ille Rivolus currit per mediu' ville de Cathorpe deinde per dictu' Rivolu' de Dou'beke ubi solebat currere ex antiquo Tempore usq' ad aquam de Trent Et sic per dictam aquam usq' dum venitur v'sus Ab-bathiam de Schelfor the Ita qd dicta Abbathia est extra Forest' Et deinde per dictam aquam de Trent ubi ex antiquo currere solebat vidz. ex parte Oriental' Novi Curs' nuc de Trent usq' ad man'ium de Colwike Et ibi ubi aqua de Trent currere solebat Ita qd Claus' ibm vocat' Hekyng est infra Forestam Et deinde per dictam aquam de Trent' usq' ad pontem de Nottynhm vocat Hithe beke brigge Et deinde per Austru' partem pnt' de Nottynghm usq' ad Castru' ibm.

ExSiat' et concordat cum Original' p Car' S. Ellis Cleric' Georg' Rose Ar' Custod' Recordor'

477

N* 3-

THE PERAMBULATION of the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nottingham, beginning the six and twentieth day of January in the fourteenth Yeare of the Raigne of our Soveraigne Lord Charles the second, by the Grace of God King of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, defender of the Faith, ended the one and twentieth day of February then next following, By William Middleton, Samuel Somersall, Richard Wyld, Nathan Newton, Richard Neale, Nathaniell Foster, Roger Jackson, William Whitehead, John Newton, John Pepper, Oliver Taylor, Henry Trueman, by virtue of a writ in that behalfe directed to Rowland Dand, Esqr, High Sheriff of the County of Nottingham, before the coming of his excellency the Marquis of Newcastle, Chief Justice in Eyre of all His Majesties Forrests, Chases, Pa'rks, and Warrens, Trent North, &c.

BEGINNING at the Trent Bridge of Nottingham, and from thence ascending after the River of Trent thorough Wilford Pasture, to the Place where the old Course of Leene falleth into the Trent, which is directly against Wilford Church, where is found three old Courses of the Leene, and two of them doe fall into the Trent, in one Streame, directly over against the said Church, but that which is most West of the aforesaid three Courses is ould Leene;- And from the Trent it first ascendeth through Willford Beast Pasture, and Willford Meadowes, unto Ditch and Hedg, which goes Southward from the said old Leene towards the Trent, and Sit. then it partly I^enton Holmes, leaveing them Southwest from Willford Meadowes, leaveing them on the North-east, and so goeth to Willow Holme, leaveing it on the East, and there the Highway from Willford to Lenton is on the West, then the said old Leene cros-seth over the said Highway, at the South end of Willford Lane, which leadeth from Wilford to Lenton,

and turning up. a Land called Cheynie Lane betweene Lydgate-wonge on the North, and Morton close on the South, and soe goeth into the right Course of the Leene on the West side of the Abby Milne of Lenton, and soe ascendeth by the same Leene to Buttry Milne, then to another Milne at the North Side of Lenton, then to Radford Milne, soe to Allin Milne, from thence to Bobbers Milne, from thence to Linitt Hall, and soe to Yelland Hall, where is a Milne upon the said River of Leene, from thence to Basford, where the Streame is turned from the old Course to serve a Milne there, and it is turned from the old Course at a Place called the old Carr, and it coineth into the old Course again a little beneath Basford Church, which Church is on the West side of the same River of Leene, and soe from Basford to Bulwell, and then (as the old Forrest Booke saith) it leaveth the Leene, and goeth something Westward unto a place called Thorlwell, and thence to the Hedge of Hind-dale, and soe to a Milne Gate, and thence to Watnall Stighe, and from. thence to Rudditch, alonge to the said Ditch, which last mentioned meires, because most of them are worne out of minde and unknown to us, and to the Inhabitants there-abouts, we passed after the said River of Leene unto a Walke Milne there, and soe to the Foard above the Walke Milne near Beskwood Parke side, to Waterfall gate, and soe asceudingup the Water of Leene unto Lynbie Milne, and from thence to Lynbie Crosse, and then it turneth to Lynbie Hall gate, and then followeth the Highway neare unto the Henn Oake, or Stand Oake, leaveing the same on the South, and leaveing Hoult Milne and Oxley Well on the South side alsoe, and soe to Pismire Yate, leaveing the old Castle of Ansley on the East, Vol. 48.

and soe passeth up a dale in Ansley Eastfield, and goeth to a Place called Chesterfeild Lydyate, from thence to Stiegate and Stillcotts, then to Blew-bolder, which is a Stone lying near Ansley feild hedge, directly against Annot Lane, and ascending Northwest to the said Lane, leaving Ansley Woodhouse Grounds West from thence, and soe it descendeth to a stone in the middle of Nunn Carrhedge, unto a place called the Grines, and then it followeth after Kirkby feild side to Acbridge Lane, and through the same, and at the East End of Acbridge Lane it turneth into the Closes on the right Hand, South-eastward by a Stone Pitt betweene long Meadow, leaving long Meadow on the West side, and Stone Pitt Meadow on the North East, and then it turneth after the ditch there more northward of Manshead, ats Manswell, which is the Head of the Water of Man, and soe betweene Hardwicke Hall and Hardwicke Dove Coate, then it followeth a great Causey from Hardwicke Hall Gate, then turneth Northward towards the Regarders Mere, which ought to be about Thirty Foot broad, unto the Brook there, and entereth into Anticroft Lane, and followeth the Lane soe far as the Grounds of Hardwicke doe extend, and then it turneth Westward out of the Lane to Anticroft Closes, following the Hedge that parteth Hardwicke Grounds from Sutton Grounds, then it followethe the Regarders Meere, which parteth Sutton feilds from Kirkby feilds, leaving Kirkby on the South and South west side, passing by the South end of Howbrinke Lane, and entering into Howbrincke Closes, descending by a Ditch that parteth Kirkby Hennings on the South, still following the Ditch, and leaving the Dole and Dole Lane on the South, and at the West End of Dole Lane it entereth into Fullwood, still descending by the Ditch and Hedg to the North end of Malkin Lane, and there it entereth into Cuttle ..Closes, and goeth along by the River of Maggehouse, descending still by Brinkhill ponds, and through the same Ponds, at the nethermost end. of the same ponds it meeteth with another ditch, and then returneth Northward after the same ditch, leaving the old Backhouse or Brookhill on the East part, and soe ascendeth by a great deep ditch northward to Fulwood Closes, ats Fulwood Feilds, and soe to Slate Bridge, and soe it turneth more West to a place or Thickett called Hul-lothall, and thence it tumeth more Northward in the said Closes to Fulwood Comon, against a slade, and soe by a small Slate to Brinssall Hedge, and followeth the Hedge, and then entereth into the next close called Hantherland, and to Hawkeswell, which is on the side of the Hill in Hantherland, and from thence it descendeth to Nimbrick: And from thence it ascendeth after Blakewell Brooke, which parteth Nottinghamshire from Derbyshire, and soe to Redding Sicke, and soe ascendeth to Newtonwood Sicke and followeth the Woods to Whiteborowherne, or Whiteborowyate, at a crosse way there that leadeth to Durty Hucknall, and then it followeth the Hedge that parteth White-borow Grounds from Durty Hucknall feilds, then descendeth to a Sicke a.t Ferneyhill nooke, and still descendeth to Horpseley Nooke, and soe by the same Sicke between Howthwait and Whiteborow Grounds, to the More close Nooke, and descendeth still by the Water which runneth betweeue Tenersall and Skegby, to Foughley Bridge, and descending still by the same Water under Tenersall Parke, to an assart that be-longeth to Skegby, at the East Corner of the same Parke, then it descendeth by the same Water which now is called Mayden, ats Madenbroocke, between the Feilds of Tenersall and Skegby, to Tenersall Bridge that leadeth from Tenersall to Skegby, then it ascendeth by the same Way Southward, to the long close gapp, a close in Skegby soenamed, then turneth Eastward, descending to the Milneford Bridge, beneath Skegby Milne, and so up the valne to Nottingham

6 F greate

it*.

Fourteenth Report on Land Revenue.

A. 1793.

478

28° Martu.

Fourteenth Report greate way, and then down the same way to Hartley, onlAud Revenue. afs Bridg, near to Newbold Milne, from thence

it descended) after the same River of Mayden, from which it departeth eastward at Tenersall Bridge, and so a-long unto Plesley Milne, where stood a Crosse named Robinhood's Crosse, the Streame going through the Milne dam by it old Course, and beneath the Milne Dam the Streame is put from it old Course to the North, and descendeth still by the same River of Mayden, as it anciently ranne, which is alsoe put out of it old Course against Radnthorpe-Wood-house Feilds, towards the North, near unto Plesley Park, and soe descending by the said River of Mayden neare to Warsopp Parke, leaveing Mansfeild- Wood-house feild, and Nettleworth, on the South, and soe by the said River through Warsopp Towne, unto Warsopp Milne, leaveing the Church there on the North, and soe down to Ellsley Ford, and descending still to Glead-thorpe, leaving the same on the North, and soe to Mag-gleyford, which is at the Nether end of Gleadthorpe Closes, and then it crosseth ovei the River of Mayden, and descendeth by an old Ditch between Hunsmore Oaks, leaveing them on tl)e East, and the King's stand, leaveing the same on the West, and soe to Hesell Gapp and liessclfeild, leaveing the same on the South, then following the High Street to Nortonsfeilds side, and soe descending to Leening Milne, and there crosseth the Walter Palter, and descendeth from thence to Preest Crowne, a Hill soe named, and Catthill, and followed up after a Hedg, which in some places is pailed, and so going on forwards, according" to the old Forrest Booke, by a Hedge by Roome-wood, and the Grounds called Clowne Feilds, and soe unto the Parke of Wellbeck, following the Pale, and leaveing the Parke on the West, part untill it Cometh unto the Way that deadeth to Byard Stable, and then it turneth Eastward, after the same Way called Rodgate, or the Outgate of the Forrest, to the East end of Warrwood, and there it maketh the re-turne Southward, and is crossed with a gate or way that leadeth East and West, very neare unto Rodegate, fend soe goeth still southward, crossing over the way or gate that leadeth from Mansfeild to Bawtrie, leaveing Clumberfeilds on the East, untill it enter in at Clum-beryate, and descendeth to Clumber Stone, which lyeth near the House, leaveing the House and Stone East, and there it passeth over the Water named Palter, at Clumber, to a Stone which lyeth on the East side of Illingres ats Hetlingers, which is on the North side of the Highway, and there it turneth still more southward, Over the next gate that goeth from Ellsley to Ausland, and is there marked w'ith the Keepers Mark T. and soe near a Thorn, and up that way towards Ausland, a little off and then goeth downe the Forrest Balk, and then crossed as it goeth forward, with the Highway that leadeth from Bottomsall to Merrial- Bridges, to Aws-land, And soe directly to Thowrsby Feilds, where entering into Thowrsby Feilds, and it descendeth to the Parson's Balke, beinge in the Upper end of the Feilde Five Lands from the Hedge, and in the nether end Seaven Lands, leaveing the Hedge on the East part, soe it descendeth to the East end of Thowrsby, to a stone in the Lane that goeth from thence to Ellsley, and soe descends to the forenamed Water of Mayden,

and soe turneth eastward, by and after the said Water, unto Coniswathford, which is at Haughton Parke Side, and soe returneth from the said Ford, following the old High Street of Blith, which is a way that leadeth from Nottingham to Blith by Horton Parke side, and follow eth the same hie street to a place called White Water, and so along the said Street, leaveing Boughton Feilds on the East part, and Olerton Feilds, and the Towne, on the West Part, and soe to Blith Street Lane, which goeth up to Mellow ats Melleigh, and there it is crossed with a way which goeth from Newarke to Warsopp, and there it entered into the Demesnes of Rufford at Wellye Gapp, and still proceeded by an old Lane, crossing a greate Way leading from Kneesail to Mansfeild, by Reuen Grange, leaveing it on the East, and leaveing Welley also on the East, and then neare unto Blackestone Hall now called Southsell'* leaveing the old Parke on the East and proceeded along by the said Parke, to the way that goeth to Nottingham, between Shire Oaks feild and the Brook that runneth into Ruffurd Dam, and soe along the said Highway betweene the feilds of Biles-thorpe and Winkersfeild, and then to an old ditch which is the outside of the Boundaries of Rufford on th£ East, untill it come unto a Stone called the Abbots Stone which is the Pertilion between the Grounds of the Abbott of Rufford and of the Archbishop of Yorke, and soe it extended itself Southward till it come over against Darton Grange, and always keeping de way, turning a little Westward until it come to the River of Dorbeck, de which said great way goeth towards Nottingham and which River of Dorbeck where the said great way goeth over it, is neare adjoining to a Place called Driesicke, and near the Highway which leaded from Oxen to Blidworth, downe from Hey wood, and so descended directly under Dorcliffe, and den to Salterfordam, and from thence in a direct Line to Oxen Milne, and downe to Epperstone Milne, and so to Grimes Moor (where the Water was antiently wont to runn) and from Grimes Moor down to Woodborow Milne, and to Low'dhatn Milne, and soe to Gunaston Milne, and from dence to Lowdam Milne, and soe to Baker's Milne, and soe down unto Forringham Milne, and then to Cathorppe Milne, and soe as de River was wont to runn in ancient time into the River of Trent, directly over against a place where a Milne stood, on the soudside Trent in the Lordshipp of East Bridgford, and from dence it ascended up de River of Trent, near unto de Abbey or Mannour of Shelford, Soe dat de said Abbey is without the Forest, and from thence by the said Water of Trent, where of ancient time it were wont to runne, thorough the Meadowes of Shelford Towne, on the South East part of the New Course now of Trent, along to the Mannour of Collwick, and there were de Trent was wont to runne of old- time, Soe that the Inclosure called Heylin is within the Forrest, and from thence by de said Water of Trent, where alsoe it antiently rann, downe unto Nottingham Bridge, ats Holl-beth Bridg, ats- Hellibeth Bridge, where it began, soe ended.

Copied from a Book in the Possession of William Cla, Esq', of Southwell.

No. 4.

33 Geo. III.

28° Martiu

479

N° 4-

LIST OF OFFICERS IN SHERWOOD FOREST.

Fourteenth Iteport on Laiid Retenue.

Offices. Names of Officers.

Lord Warden - Duke of Newcastle -

B°^err "^William Lord Byron -

during

Verderors

Sir Francis Molyneux, Baronet John Litchfield, Esquire -Edward Thoroton Gould, Esquire William Sherbrooke, Esquire

Steward - - John Gladwin

Clerk of thely Courts -jVacaDt

Beadle - - Vacant

How appointed.

fBy Letters Patent,

\ Pleasure.

fBy the Lord Warden, during \ Pleasure.

" Elected by the Freeholders at large for Life. A Fee Tree each Annually out of Birk-land and Bilhay, which is chosen by themselves, and a \ Fee of Two Guineas is paid to each Verderor attending upon inclosing Breeks, which is the breaking up or assarting any Part of the Forest not exempted from View.

''Appointed by the Lord Chief Justice in Eyre, during Pleasure. A Fee Tree Annually, though Two are attached to the Office, without apy other Perquisite, since the Mode of proceeding against Offenders in the Swanimote and Attachment Courts has been disused.

r'o him did also belong a Fee Tree, &c.

Names, and John Lee,

Residence.

Newstead

Walks.

Newstead and Papplewick ^TSighS'- "^on-asClay, Worksop

KiHmsS"tt-"' "nd A""^]jobo Green, Linby

Mansfield and Lindhurst - Henry Har, 'son>|^ood^muse

Keepers

Mansfield-W oodhouse, Nomaii's Woods

Birkland. and Bilhay, Clipston-Shroggs

Roomwood and Osland

Blidworth and Farasfield

and 1 Henry Smith,

-J

and 1 Leonard -J Huntington,

f William "\Rowbothoin,

- John Mellors,

Mansfield

1 Mansfield

J

j-Nottingh

Arnold D#

am

All these Officers are now elected by the Verderors, during Pleasure, and receive Annually 205. each, paid by the Duke of Newcastle, issuing out of a Fee Farm Rent upon Nottingham Castle. I find they were formerly appointed by the Lord Chief Justice. They have no other Perquisite whatever.

J

Calverton and Arnold Hills - Sam1 Parnham,

Woodwards - Besides these there are Annually sworn Two Woodwards for Sutton and Carlton, which, by Custom, entitles them to some little Perquisites in those Towns.

N. B. — George Clarke, of Thoresby, has some Appointment respecting Birkland and Billhay, but I am unacquainted with it; nor do know what Officers are employed by or under Lord Chesterfield in the Chase of Thoruey Woods.

Gladwin.

13th Dec. 1791.

Vol. 48.

No. 5.

N-5.

The ANSWER of Joh Gentleman,

Steward of the Courts of the Forest of Sherwood,

to the Enquiries of the Commissioners of the Land

Revenue.

Question i. At what Time were you appointed Steward of the Courts of the Forest of Sherwood, and by whom, or under what Authority?

I was appointed Steward by the Right honourable Charles JVo/fran Cornwall, late Chief Justice in Eyre,

on the 26th of March 1787, by Instrument under his Hand and Seal.

2; Is your Appointment hereditary, or for Life, or during Pleasure ?

My Appointment was during Pleasure.

3. What is the Duty or Business of that

Office ? -

Since the Mode of Proceeding against Offenders by Attachment, and the summoning of Juries in the Forest Court, have been laid aside (which was long before my Time) the Steward's Office is little more than nominal,

4. Whether any Courts of Swanimote or Attachment are now held for the said Forest, and how often ?

The only Court now held is a Court of Swanimote Annually on the 14th of September, at which the Steward makes Entries of the Officers then attending, and swears new ones on their Appointment.

5. Are any and what Offences tried in those Courts ?

None.

6. In whose Custody are the Records of the Forest Courts?

The Records were always in the Custody of the Steward, and have been Time out of Mind kept in a Chest at the Swan Inn in Mansfield; but in Obedience to a Requisition, under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, dated 29th January 1791, I did soon after send the same to their Office in London, where they still remain.

7. What is your Annual Salary, or other certain Allowance; and how or by whom paid ?

I have no Salary, or other certain Allowance.

8. What casual Fees or Emoluments do you receive by virtue of your Office; and how do they arise?

The whole of my Emolument is a Fee Tree Annually in Birkland, which is chosen by myself, or the

Person to whom it is sold, in like Manner as the Ver-derorsare; the Value of it, One Yearw'ith another, about Seven Guineas.

9. Do you occupy any and what Messuages or Lands by virtue of your Office; and of w'hat Yearly Value?

I neither occupy Messuages or Lands by virtue of my Office.

10. Do your make any and what Disbursements by virtue of your Office; and how are they repaid ?

Annually on the 14th September I pay Nine Pounds to Nine Keepers of the Forest, which is repaid me by the Duke of Newcastle, out of a Fee Farm Rent charged upon Nottingham Castle, or the Lands thereto belonging.

11. What is the Course of Proceeding on inclosing llrecks within the Forest ?

A Petition (from the Inhabitants of the Place who exercise Right of Common on the Piece of Ground intended to be inclosed) for Licence so to do, is presented to the Chief Justice in Eyre, who thereupon directs the Verderors to take a Personal View of the Ground, after which they certify that such Inclosure will not be prejudicial to the Forest or Game thereof; and then a Licence is issued.

12. What Quantity of Land is taken in, for what Purpose, and during what Term ?

The Quantity is governed by the Scope of Waste Ground in the same Lordship, but generally about Three hundred Acres. The Term of keeping inclosed is always Seven Years, and the Purpose for the sole Emolument of the Petitioners.

13. When a Breck is thrown open again, is another immediately taken in by the same Parties? Or what Space of Time intervenes before a fresh Inclosure is made by them ?

This depends upon the Caprice of the Inhabitants. I believe a Licence from the Chief Justice has never been refused when applied for.

14. Is the Privilege of inclosing Breeks enjoyed by all the Towns within the Forest, or by any and which of them in particular ?

Such Towns within the Forest only (of which I believe there are Five or Six) as are not exempted from the View of the Forest Officers, are obliged to pursue this Mode of inclosing by Petition. The others, previous to taking in any of the Commons, settle this Business with their respective Lords of the Manor. I cannot set forth the Names of all the Towns that are obliged to petition the Lord Chief Justice, but Arnold and Calverton are Two of 'em, and I think Basford is another.

15. Are they inclosed for the Benefit of Individuals, or of the Inhabitants at large; and how are the Profits applied ?

They are inclosed for the sole Benefit of the Petitioners.

16. As it appears from the List of Officers in this Forest, which we have received from you, that there are Nine Keepers, who have each an Annual Salary of Twenty Shillings, paid out of a Fee Farm Rent upon Nottingham Castle, we desire you will inform us whether those Keepers perform any and what Duty in the Forest, or occupy any Lodges or Lands, or have any other Emoluments arising from their Offices, and of what Annual Amount?

None of the Keepers perform, any Duty in the Forest, except attending Annually on the 14th of September, at the Swanimote Court, to receive each a Salary of Twenty Shillings; nor do they, or any of them, occupy any Lodges or Lands, or have any other Emoluments arising from their Offices, except the Keeper of Langton Arbor, who has constantly been paid the Sum of Twenty Shillings, as a Rent or Compensation, by the Occupier of a Piece of Land called by that Name; but the said Keeper is now in Possession of the said Piece of Land, having lately given the Tenant or Occupier upwards of Sixty Pounds to relinquish it to him.

John Gladwin.

Mansfield, 13th Dec. 1791.

N° 6.

The Examination of George Clarke, Woodward of Birkland and Bilhagh, in the Forestof Sherwood; taken on Oath, the 17th Day of November 1791.

This Examinant was appointed by John Pitt, Esquire, late Surveyor General of His Majesty's

Woods,

33 Geo. III. 28° Martii. 481

Woods, in the Year 1772, during his Pleasure, to himself; but the last Deer he remembers were killed Fourte«nth Report take Care that no Waste be committed on the Wood about Twenty Years ago, by the Keepers of the Dukes on ^an<^ Rfvenu*

and Timber belonging to the Crown in the said Forest; of Newcastle and Kingston, assisted by many of the *"

to inform him, when required, what Quantity trii^ht be neighbouring People, and by the Orders of the Dukes

cut, and for what Purposes it was fit; and to dispose of Newcastle and Kingston, in consequence of great

of the Lops, Tops, Bark, and Offal Wood, and account Damage being done by them to their Plantations, as for the same to him; and he has since been appointed well as to the neighbouring Corn Fields, particularly to the same Station by John Robinson, Esquire, the those of Mr. ETenant of under present Surveyor General. His Emoluments area the Duke of Portland. While the Red Deer were kept Salary of Twenty Pounds per Annum, paid by the there, the Forest Farms were worth very little. The Surveyor General, and all Windfallen Trees, which he Farmers were obliged to watch, and blow Horns, and reckons, on an Average, worth about Ten Pounds per keep Fires by Night, to keep them out of their Com Annum, and no other Perquisites whatever. Fields; but the Farms rose considerably in Value after

He does not know of any Woods or Timber belonging the y were destroyed, to the Crown there, but Birkland and Bilhagh, con- This Examinant was employed by the present Sur-

taxing about Two thousand Acres. The Trees in those veyor General, in the Years 1788 and 1789, to Woods are the sole Property of the Crown, and no make a Survey and Valuation of the Timber and Timber or Wood is cut there for the Use of any private Wood in Birkland and Bilhagh, which amounted to Person, except Five Trees Yearly, claimed by the Four Seventeen thousand One hundred and Forty-seven Verderors, and the Steward of the Forest Courts; which Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence. In valuing Officers, or those to whom their Trees are sold, choose the same, lie estimated the Timber at Fifty Shillings whatever Tree they like best; and it is a common Prac- per Load, standing. Bark was at that Time worth tice to bore the Trees first, to see if they are sound; Fifty Shillings the Load, of Seventy Yards at the and if a Tree after being bored is not liked, other Trees Poles, exclusive of the Expence of peeling, which is are tried in the same Manner, until the Party finds One about Fourteen or Fifteen Shillings per Load, paid by he approves of the Tanners; but the Price of Bark is now advanced

The Inhabitants of the Parish of Edwinstow claim a to about Four Pounds per Load, and at that Rate he Right to the Acorns, when they fall, and take in thinks it may be worth about One Half the Value of Swine to feed on them, at certain Rates per Head, ac- the Trees, one with another, great Numbers of them cording to the Plenty or Scarcity of Food. They being hollow and decayed. The Cord Wood is worth also depasture their Sheep in those Woods, but not about Seven Shillings per Cord, measuring Four Horsesi, or Horned Cattle, for which th6 Pasturage is Feet wide, Four Feet high, and Eight Feet long, but not sufficient; and do not take in any Sheep belonging the Expence of cutting, cording, and leading, being to others to feed there. No other Persons enjoy any about Two Shillings and Seven Pence per Cord, the Right of Common in those Woods. clear Value is about Four Shillings and Five Pence

In the Year 1775, a Warrant of the Treasury was per Cord. He was at the same Time directed to mark sent by the Surveyor General to this Examinant, for and number the Trees, by cutting off a Piece of the Telling Three hundred Trees; but when the Quantity Bark about Five Inches Square, and stamping a of One hundred and Seventeen Loads was cut, an Crown, the Number of the Tree, and the Name of Order came to him to cut no more, which he has heard the Forest, on each Tree, with an Iron Instrument, and believes was occasioned by the Interference of the on the solid Wood, many of w'hich Numbers and Duke of Newcastle, who wished the old Timber to be Marks are now partly grown over by the Bark; but left standing. before the Marking was finished, the Order was re-

There is a Canal at lVorksop, about Five or Six called by the Surveyor General, from an Apprehen-Aiiles Distance, with a good Turnpike Road leading sion that the Trees might be injured from that Mode to it from Birkland and Bilhagh, by which Canal the of marking; and he was directed to mark the remain'

Timber might be conveyed to the Humber, by Water ing Trees by shaving off a Part of the Bark, so as to Carriage, and from thence to any of the Dock Yards, make a smooth Surface, on w'hich the Marks and Num-or elsewhere. bers were stamped; and in his Opinion this last Method

There are not now any Deer in the Forest, except in was much less hurtful to the Trees than the former.

Thomey Wood Chase, which are Fallow Deer. This The Expence of making the Survey, and marking and Examinant remembers there were great Numbers of numbering the Trees, amounted to Ninety-eight Pounds Red Deer in the Forest between Thirty and Forty Eight Shillings; an Abstract of which Survey, signed Years ago, and for several Years afterwards, which by him, he has delivered to the Commissioners of the were frequently hunted, when Lord Byron was Master Land Revenue, of the King's Stag Hounds, and kept Stag Hounds

Geo. Clarke.

Vol. 48.

6 G

g

cq"

n'

CD

Q.

cr

CD

I'O «T1

I =

ABSTRACT of a Survey of the Oak Timber and Wood in Birkland and Bilhagh, in the Forest of made in the Years 1788 and ry8g, by George Clarke, by Order of John Robinson, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, contained in Twelve Books; viz.

Timber fit for the Navy. /v. Trees Trees Trees fit only for Cordwood and Firewood. Value of TreesineacbBook,-

books. iiuniucr vn 1 ices in cbcm ijouh. r Tree*. > Round Measure. fit for Coopers Use. for Carpenters Use. with the Tops and Bark.

N° 1. N* 1 to - 7u . - 176 Loads. 422 Feel. 33 121 341 73 £. s. i,453 18 d. 6

2. 712 - - to - > 1,431 - - -: 155 342 39 114 271 180 1,249 J6 5

3* »,432 - - to - - 2,378 - - - 151 320 33 207 347 242 1,528 17 9

4. 2,379 - - to - - 3,322 - V - 88 168 4 165 449 242 1.1*3 7 9

5* 3,323 - to - - 4,260 m > - - 140 228 7 127 430 241 1,276 2 3

6. 4,261 - - to - - 5,204 - - - 156 241 9 138 441 209 1,272 15

7- 5,205 - - to - - 6,148 - - 416 165 21 "7 395 316 1,080 16 3

8. 6,149 - - to - - 6,461 - - - 41 47 17 40 131 101 396 — 3

9- 6,462 - - to - - 7,406 - - 138 222 26 280 454 73 2,160 —

10. 7,407 - - to - - 8,351 - m 102 141 39 241 502 100 1,699 18 Q

11. 8,352 - - to - 9,295 - - - 66 128 17 350 . 445 83 2,144 3 2

12. 9,296 m to - 10,117 - - - 39 70 3 313 366 104 i,77i 19 3

1,368 2,498 48 2,213 4,572 1,964 i7, M7 15 4

N. B. — Besides the above there is a Quantity of Birch Wood, containing about Four or Five hundred Cords, growing

in Birkland, but none in Bilhagh.

Geo. Clarke. ----- -Nov. 17, 1791.

28° Martll. A. 1793.

33 Geo. HI

68° Martii.

483

Ns 7.

to all to whom these Presents shall tome, I'William Duke of Lord CheHe Justice in Eyffe of

kill His Majesties Forrests, Parks, Chaces, and Warrens, Trent North, send Greeting: Know Yee, that I the Said Duke, out of the assured Confidence which I have of the Integrity, Ability, and Fakhfullaess of tuy trusty and welbeloved John Rolleston, Esq', and William Clay, Gent.. have made, deputed, constituted, and appointed, and by these Presents doe make, depute, constitute, and appoint the eaid John Rolleston and William Clay my Deputy Justices in Eyre of and for the Forest of Sherwood, in the County of Nott. jointly 'and severally to keep, hold, and from Time to Time, as Occasion shall serve, to a^journethe Courts of Session in Eyre, to be held of and for the said Forest, and to doe, execute, and performe all and every other Thing and Things w'soever, necessary or expedient to be done or performed in or about the same: To have hold, and execute the said Office of Justice in Eyre of, in, and for the said Forest, unto the said John Rolleston and WiMiam Clay, joyntly and severally, for and doreing my Pleasure oidy, and no longer: In Witness whereof 1 have hereunto set my Hand and Seale of Office, this Sixteenth Day of May, Anno Bni i 676, Et Rr Caroli Scdi Angl', &c. vicesimo octavo.

W. Newcastle.

PuwXeeqik import ha Land Revenue*

FOREST A de SHIRWOOD, *1 in COM' NOTTINGHAM. /

Sessio in Itinere Forest' prd' tent' per adjoumament' apud Mansfyld p¥d' octavo die Junij Ahfto Dili 1^76, Et R' Caroli SMi Ariglie &c.~-ravin. cofain WiH6 Clay, Gen' Deputat' Justiciar' Itineran' Forest'pfd'.

litO die WUKis Sterne, Gen* elect' 3c jurat' fok in officiu' Viridarii Forest* pred' p h*c vice tantum; Et super inde adjoumat' ista Sessio usq' viefcsirau' septimu' diem hujus instantis Junii, Et abinde usq'deciuium oetavu' diem Julii tunc prox' aequen'.

Copied from a Cook in the Possession of William Clay, Esq. of Southwell.

N* 8.

EOREST' de SHIRWOOD, Sessio in Itinere Forest* Qd* tent' per adjumament' apud Mansfeild

in COM:' NOTT:' in Chm* $d' s?do die OCttfcr' Ahrio Dm i ^, cohritt <f0o Johs

Millington Deputat' Justiciar' Forest' |M'

Whereas His Grace the Lord Cheif Justice in Eyre resolves, tjpeedyly, to make a Returne of this Iler; and forasmuch as severall of the ClayekatiU have brought ih 'their Claymes in Paper, and, pthefs in Parchm*, which atfe aoe rased, interlyned, and blotted, y* they are not fitt to be returned Into His Ma,le' Court of Excheqr: It is, therefore, ordered, that such of y* said Claymants as will have their Claythes returned, shall repair to y* next Session, to be held at Mansfeild aforesaid, y* tenth day of this Instant Month of Octob' to take order that y same be fairly recorded; otherwise their said Claymes will not be tetumed.

Ista Sessio adjurnhC usq'decimum di6m Octoby prt)k*.

Copied from a Book in the Possession of William Clay, Esq. of

South-Mil.

to* 9.

Extracts Of Two Letters from William Clay, Esquire, <A SouiAfcett, to Mr. H at the Land Re4-Vetiue Office, concerning a Book of Proceedings at an Iter hCld for thfe Forest of Sherwood, in the Reign of Cha. II. belonging W Mr. Cldy.

The Trial oh which I mentioned to have heard that the Book had been adffiited as Evidence, was between the Parishes of Farnsfield and Blkktorth, respecting the Boundaries between those Parishes; and I think the Name of One of the Parties to the Suit was;

but whether he was Plaintiff or Defendant I cannot, at this Distance of Time, recollect, it being jarior to the Year 1750. The late Mr. Witmot, bf tors

the Attorney for One of the Parishes; and he was the Person who borrowed the Book of my Mother, to be produced upon the Trial.

I am, &c.

Soufhwett, Clay.

28th Febry. 1793;

The William Clay, who was the original Possessor of the Forest Book, was my Great Grandfather, and it came to me as a lineal Descendant from him.

Any further Information in my Power to give' the Commissioners may command.

I am, &c.

Southwell, W, X^tSy.

3d March 1793.

Vol. 48.

484

28° Marti',.

A. 1793.

N* 10.

A LIST of divers Grants from the Crown of Manors, Lands, and Offices within the Forest of Sherwood.

6 October, 39 Hen. VIII. To George Earl of Shrewsbury.

Eliz. To....

Fee.

10 December, 42 Eliz. To John Stanhope, Esq. in Fee.

in

17 December, 44 Eliz. To William Hammond and Ralph

Cotterell, in Fee.

n October, 1 Ja. I. To Sir Edward Blunt, Knight, and

Joseph Earth, Esquire, in Fee.

20 February, 4 Ja. I. To William Derson and Thomas Eley,

in Fee.

15 Ja. I. To Sir William Cavendish, Knight, in Fee.

18 February, 20 Ja. I.

To Francis Earl of Rutland, in Fee.

10 June, 1 Cha. I. To William Viscount Mansfield, in

Fee.

10 September, 4 Cha. I. To Edward Ditchfield, John High-

lord, and others, in Fee.

8 December, 7 Cha. I. To William Collins and Edward Fenn,

in Fee.

16 January, 7 Cha. I. To Jervis Stanford, Edward VII-

liers, and Henry Harrington, in Fee.

22 May, 10 Cha. I. To William Crofts, Esq. in Fee.

26 August, 16 Cha. I. 28 April, 18 Cha. I.

To Robert Baskerville, Gentleman, in Fee.

To John Gosling, in Fee.

10 October, 25 Cha. II. 7 March, 32 Cha. II.

To John Earl of Rochester and others, in Fee.

To William Earl of Kingston, in Fee.

Of the Scite of the Abbey of Rufford.

Of Linby # Hay.

Of the Office of Keeper of Thome-wood, in the South Bailiwick of the Forest of Sherwood, and of the Deer there.

Of the Manor of Sutton in Ashfield, the Manor of Mansfield-Woodhouse, and the Manor of Mansfield, with all the Lands, Tenements, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereto belonging.

Of the Manor and Park of Clipston.

Of divers Assart Lands in the Forest of Sherwood.

Of Lands in Kirkby, Fullwood Closes, Lands called Hall Garland, Bare-hag, Butterworth-hag, the Two-Keepers Wastes, and Red-Lodge Wood.

Of the Castle of Nottingham, Nottingham Park, and the King's Meadows there, paying a Rent of 30 s. per Annum to the Crown, and 9/. per Annum to the Lieutenant of the Forest of Sherwood, for the Payment of Nine Keepers of the said Forest.

Of the Manor of Norton.

Of the Manor of Lenton.

Of the Manor of Edwinstow, and Lands in Carberton, except Timber on the Waste of Edwinstow, within the said Forest, to be preserved for the Service of the King.

Of the Manor of Arnold.

Of Gledthorpe Grange, adjoining to the Hay of Birkland.

Of Lindhurst Plain, in Sherwood Forest

Of 35 Acres of Waste, Part of Bil-hagh, in Sherwood Forest, and the Herbage and Pannage of Birkland and Bilhagh.

Of Beskwood Park.

Of a Parcel of Woodland, containing 391 a. 1 r. 17 />. Statute Measure, Parcel of the Wood called Bilhagh ats Billow, within the said Forest; and One other Parcel of Land containing 50 a. 2 r. 20 on which was standing a House, called the White Lodge there.

.. ,^111^111 an tm mm mm mu..... ——

Note. An Index to the Inrollments of Grants in the Auditor's Office, in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, refers to a Grant in Fee of Linby Hay thus, Lymby Hay in Com, Nott. cone, inf cod, simplic. Lib. 3. 305 but the Book is missing.

28° Martii.

485.

N° u.

LETTER from the Commissioners of the Land Revenue to the Duke' of with the Answers of his Grace's Agents thereto.

Land Revenue Office, Scotland Yard, 31st 1791.

My Lord,

taking

Mr. Renshaw, a Surveyor, employed by us in a Survey of the remaining Property of the Crown, in the Forest of Sherwood (in consequence of the Act by which we are appointed Commissioners for enquiring into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown) has transmitted to us a Copy of a Letter from Mr. William Gould, of Welbeckinforming him that your Grace claims the Right of Soil and Mast, and a Right of Pasturage for the Stock kept by yourself, or your Tenants, in and over the Woods of and

Bilhay; and also the Right of Soil, exclusive Right of cutting and carrying away Wood, and a Right of Pasturage for the Stock kept by your Grace, or Tenants, in and over the Forest, within the Manors of Mansfield and Edwinstow.

From the Documents which have come under our Inspection, we had Reason to believe, that' though the Manors of Mansfield and have been

granted away, the Hays of Birkland and Bilhay, and Two Woods called Nomans Wood or Wood,

and Lindhurst Wood, in or near the Manor of Mansfield, still remained the Property of the Crown. — But as the Claims mentioned in Mr. Gould's Letter seem to include those Lands, we request that your Grace will be pleased to direct your Agents to inform us under, what Grant or Grants from the Crown the Rights claimed are derived, that we may be enabled in our Report on that Forest, to state, from Authority, that the Lands above mentioned do not belong to the Crown, if it shall appear that they have been alienated. We have the Honour to be,

My Lord,

Your Grace's most obedient humble Servants,

Chai Middleton.

His Grace the Duke of In? Call.

Portland. John Fordyce.

Sir,

Welbcck, September 23d, 1791.

I consequence of your Application to me, respecting the Duke of Portland's Claims upon the Forest of Sherwood, I now inform you that he claims the Right of Soil and Mast, and also a Right of Pasturage (for the Stock kept by his Grace, or his Tenants) in and over the Woods of Birkland and also the Right

of Soil, exclusive Right of cutting and carrying away SVood, and a Right of Pasturage (for the Stock kept by his Grace, or his Tenants) in and over the forest within the Manors of Mansfield and Edwinstowe. These are all the Claims I have, at present, met with; if, upon farther Search, I discover any more, you will be informed by, Sir,

Your most obed* hum. Serv',

To Mr. John RenshawWm Gould.

Owthorpe, nea.T Nottingham.

Sir, Chatsmrth, 1 ith February 1792.

THE Commissioners for enquiring into the State and Condition of the Forests and Land Revenues of the Crown have, by Letter of the 31st of October Vol. 48.

last, informed his Grace the Duke of Portland, that you, Fourteenth Report as their Surveyor, had transmitted to them a Copy of a Land Revenue. Letter from Mr. William Gould, informing you that his "

Grace claimed the Right of Soil and Mast, and the Right of Pasturage for the Stock kept by the Duke and his Tenants, in and over the Woods of Birkland and Bilhagh, and also the Right of Soil, exclusive Right of cutting and carrying away Wood, and a Right of Pasturage for the Stock kept by his Grace and his Tenants over the Forest of Sherwood, within the Manors of Mans* field and Edwinstowe.

The Commissioners in their Letter further say, that, from the Documents which have come under their >

Inspection, they had Reason to believe that, though the Manors of Mansfield and Edwi had been granted away, the Hays of Birkland and Bilhagh, and Two Woods, called Noman's Wood or Forsworne Wood, and Lindhurst Wood, in or near the Manor of Mansfield, still remained the Property of the Crown; but as the Claims mentioned in Mr. Gould's Letter seemed to include those Lands, the Commissioners requested his Grace to direct his Agents to inform them under what Grant or Grants from the Crown the Rights claimed are derived, that they might be enabled, on their Report on that Forest, to state from Authority that the Lands above mentioned do not belong to the Crown, if it should appear that they have been alienated.

Mr. Gould, who had been confined with Illness for some Months, left Welbeck about Christmas last, and has yet been never able to return there; and, for the last Month, has been confined at his Son's Hodse in Derbyshire. As 1 had been Agent at Welbeck before Mr. Gould came there, and indeed have all my Life been in some Respect concerned in the Management of his Grace's Nottinghamshire Estates, Mr. Gould on Account of his Indisposition has desired me to act for him on the present Occasion.

The Duke of Portland, and those under whom his Grace claims the Manors of Mansfield and Mansfield Woodhouse, and the Soil thereof, comprizing Lindhurst

Wood and Nomans Wood, and the Manor of Edwin-stozee, and the Soil thereof, comprizing the Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, having been in Possession of the said Manors, and constantly exercised Acts of Ownership in and upon the said Hayes of Birkland and Bilhagh, and other uninclosed Lands within the said Manors, more than One hundred Years, his Grace's Title I conceive is effectually protected by the Statute of 9th Geo. III. Ch. 16. Nevertheless, to satisfy the Commissioners that the above-mentioned Premisses were long ago granted away by the Crown, they may be referred to an Exemplification of an Information or Record in the Exchequer, Michaelmas Term 13th Cha. II. whereby the Attorney General claimed Lindhurst and Noman's Woods, and" failed therein, the Defendants Whitehead and Rollestone having satisfied the Barons of the Goodness of their Title, which is set forth in the Proceedings: The Commissioners may also be referred to the Proceedings at a Seat in Eyre for the Forest of Sherxcood, held at Mansfield, 25th Feb. 15 Cha. II. at which Court John Rolleston and another set forth their Title and Claim, amongst other Things, to the Manor of Mansfield, the Wood called Noman's Wood, the Wood called Lindhurst Plain, the Manor of Mansfield Woodhouse, the Manor of Edwinstow, and all Woods and Wastes within the

Precincts of Edwinstowe and Carberton (great Timber Trees for the Service of the King excepted) which Claim was allowed. I am,

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Serv'

Jos. Fletcher.

Mr. John Renshaw.

6H N# 12.

28° Martii.

A. 1793.

Fourteenth Report on Land Revenue.

A BOOKE of the Survey of the Forrest of Sherwood in the Countie of Nottingham, taken and made in Anno dni 1609, w*h Forrest is divided into Three ptes, the Northe pie, the Southe pte, and the Myddle.

THE Northe pte of ye Forrest beginneth at the first Lease and endeth at the Twentieth, cont. theis Townes following:

follio. 1. Carberton follio. 15. Eddenstowe

2. Gledithorpe 16. Birkland

The Northe 2. 4. Warsop cu'Nettle worth 16. and Bilhawe

Plott 5. Maunsfield-Woodhouse 17. Botebie

13. Clipston „ Thursbyc Peverrillthorpe 19. & Allerton

14. Rufford Abbye

The Southe pte beginneth at the xxj,h Lease, and endeth at the xxix'L cont. theis Townes and Names following:

Plott

21. Nottingham.

22. Perte of Willforde

22. Lenton cu' Radforde

23. Sneinton

25-

23. Colwicke Stoake

26.

25. Carleton Gedling 27. Burton cu' Bullcott

29. Gunthorpe Caythorpe

and Lowdam

33-

31. Lambley Arahall x

3-

35. Basforde Bullwell

3«-

36. Bescottpke Woodboroug

38. Calverton and

39. Saunterford Manor

The Myddle pte beginneth at the xlth. Lese, and endeth at the lix,h. cont. theis Townes and Names following:

The Myddle Plott

(Fo. iff.)

Rex Birkland - -

Rex

Bilik ay - -

40. Maunsfield cu' Plesley Hill 50.

47. Skegbie Sutton 54 Hucknall Fullwood 57. Parte of Kirkbie

57. Blithworth

58. Papplewicke

58. Newsteed. parte

59-

58. of Linbie pte of Ansley

One other pcell of Wood ground next adjovning called' Birkland, the Kinge freeh. cont.

One other pcell of Wood ground called Billhay, the' Kinge freeh. cont. -

976

984

2 3 2 35

A true Extract from the Survey in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands.

JVm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

Note. — The Number of Acres contained in the Hays of Birkland and Bilhagh being stated differently, in different Surveys and Accounts, the following Paper is added to shew that various Measures were antiently used for Surveying Lands in the Forests, and that the Forest Acre was much larger than the Acre by Statute Measure. The Measure used in this Forest was larger than the Commissioners of the Land Revenue have found any Example of in any other Forest.

HERE

HERE followe the Meatinges of Acres and of Roodes in erable Land and Meadowe w,hout y' Covert of the Forest of the Kinges demesne hayes & Woodes & also the Measure and the manner of meatinge of Acres Roodes in Forests & Hayes & ye Kinges demesne Woodes '& Wastes after the assise of the Forrest statuted and made in the time of Kinge E. sonne of Kinge H. by ye Oath of the Verdero" after written & the divrsity of the measuringe both w'hin y* Forrest & w'hout as hereafter appeareth &c.

BY the Consideration of all the People of England it is ordayned that the measure of arable Lande & Meadowe without Forrestes Hays "Woodes Wastes of the Kinges y* this be the begininge thereof (y' is to witt) That iij Cornes of Barley dry and rounde sett on length make an Inch & xij Inches make a foote of arable Lande and Meadowe in Workemen & Labourers Occupations and iij foote make a Yarde and v yardes & di. make a Perch or a Gadde in arable lande or Meadowe w'hout the Forrest & xl Perches in length and foure in bredth make an Acre w,hout the Forrest & w'hout the Kinges Hayes Woodes & Wastes &c.

It is ordayned as is aforesaid y' iij Comes of Barley dry & rounde sett in length make an Inch, & xviij inches make a Foote after y* Assise of the Forrest & xxv such feete make a Perche after the Assise of the Forrest, & xl Perches in length and sour in bredth make an Acre & one Roode containeth one perche of xxv foote in bredth Sc xl such perches in length & iiij such Roodes make an Acre after y* Assise of the Forest & so ought to be measured all assartes & all Arentments arrested & to be arented; but if it be so y' in their Chres or arentm'* of them y' Wastes or Woodes by number of Acres have assarted or arented other mencon be made as appeareth in the Chre of the Prior & Covent of Newsted of his assartes wthin the Kinges hay of Lyndeby hagh (y' is to saie) of xl Acres of waste in a place called Swinehawe ,& of exx Acres of Waste in the Herdywickes Hollwell Cliffe & Sheplowe wch bene measured by the Pole of xxiiij foote & the feete to be after the assise of the Forrest; for their Chfe puteth ye numb' of ye feete to yc perch in certainety. And also in the Charters & arentm" of Thomas Delahay of Lyndeby in his assartes w'hin ye Kinges Hay of Lyndeby hagh of xxx acres in div's Places (y* is to say) Gerrards toft Halleghes Goldeswoode White leghe cliffe ffronowe & Wardelethicke w,h x Acres & xxviii Acres in Places where they be moten by y‘ Perch of xxiiij foote as appeareth in their Chres. Also the assartes of John Colyer in the foresaid Kinges Hay of Lyndeby Hagh xxx Acres of Waste by ye foresaid John Colyer assarted & arrested betwixt Radwell sicke & Annesley hagh w*h bene to be measured by y* Perch of xxi foote & as yt appeareth in his Chfe and xxiiij Acres of Woode in the Weste heade of Bullwell Ryse & assarted by Phillip Willoughby Clerke & also of xl Acres of Woode Sc Waste in the Westhead of Bull-well ryse assarted by Thomas Rydware wch bene to be measured after all the assartes in Bullwell ryse (y‘ is to say) by ye perch of xx foote & as in ye Chres of the same more plainely is conteyned & mencon of the same made afore Richard Oyzell the Kings approver in Haies woodes & wastes of our said Lord ye Kinge in y* xxvj Yere of Kinge E. Sonne of King Ed: as yt is contained in ye Originall of the xxviii Yere of King E. Sonne of Kinge Ed: in the keepinge of the Remem-branc' of the Treasurer. And yt is to be understoode that yf any may assarte any pcell of Waste wthin y* Forrest or Waste or Woode of y* Kinges noe c'taine tell-inge of the feete to ye perch but all onely by these Wordes after the Assise of the Forrest then yt shalbe moten by the perch of xxv foote as it was ordained Vol.48.

& determyned afore Sir Rob* Haresthrop Sir Ligeard Fourteenth Report of Dyve Mr. Henry Serf* & by Sir Eustace of Morten, on Land Revenue.

Thomas Samson & Richard Sutton Thomas of Lande v ----- ---- — y

Henry Lamley Henry Malehers Walter Breton Richard Williamson Hugh Basage Aleyne of Redm'thwayte & Robt Otterhunter Verders y' yc Measurement aforesaid should be kept and conserved in yc Forrest of Sherwood in Haies Woodes & Wastes of our Lorde the Kinge w'hin ye Cov'te of ye Forrest & w'hout ye Covert in Lynges from the begininge of the second yere of the first Coronacon of Kinge H: Sonne of Kinge John where nothinge in y* Char ter assartes or arentments is specified, but all onely after the Assise of Forrest as is aforesaid to be measured &c.

Copied from an antient Book of Collections concerning the Forest of Sherrcood, belonging to JV.Dickinson Esquire, A. M. Author of the History of the Antiquities of Southwell.

N° 13.

HERE begineth the INQUIRYE of the Estate of Robte Everinghm Chiefe Forrester of our Lord the Kinge in Fee of his Forrest of Sherwood & of Wardes of the same Forrest & the nu'ber , of the Forresters in the said Wardes and wch of them shalbe at the Cost of the said Roberte &

which of them at the King's cost And of the King's Hayes w'hout the Cov'te of the Forrest &c.

AN INQUISICON taken at S'. John's House of Nottingham the fowrth Nonas of July in the xxxv"1 Yeare of the Raigne of Kinge Henry Sonne of Kinge John by Geffray Langley Justice of the Forrest of our Lord the Kinge beyond Trent of all the Ministers of the Forrest of Sherwood of the Estate of Robert Ever* ingham Forrester of our Lord the Kinge of ffee in the foresaid Forrest weh Sayen there be three Keepeinges in the same Forrest (that is to witt) The first Keepeinge is betwixte Leene Sc Dou'becke the second is the High Forrest the third Keepinge is Rumwood And it is to understand that Robert Everingham is Chief Keepe of the Forrest and ought to have his cheife Servante goinge through all the Forrest at the Costs of the said Robert to attache all mann' trespasses in the same in any mann'wise done, and them to p'sent at the Attachments afore the Vendorers of the said Forrest See. Also that the same Robert ought to have betwixt Leene Sc Doverbecke One fforester Rideinge w,h a Page and two Forresters on Foote w'hout a Page And there be in the same Keepeinge two Verdorers & two Agistors Also there be in the same Keepeinge three Hayes or Parkes of our Lord the Kinge (that is to witt)

Beskwood wherein no Man Comons and there be therein one Forester Rydeinge & under him two Forresters on Foote. The second Hay is the Haie of Lvnde-bie wherein no man Comons and there be therein One Forrester rideinge & under him two Forresters on Foote The third Haie is Welly wherein no man Comons & there be therein one Forrester rideinge Sc under him two Forresters on Foote and two Verderors, & two Agistors in the aforesaid three Haies. The second Keepinge is the High Forrest in the weh Robert Eu'inghm ought to have two Forresters rideinge w',h their two Pages & two

CT O

fforesters on Foote w' out Pages and there be therein two Verderors & two Agistors Also there be in the same Keepeinge two Haies (that is to say) Birkeland & Billahagh wherein no man Comons and there be therein two Forresters on Foote at the Cost of the Countrey adioineinge And then is there the Parke of Clipston wherein no man comons but the Men of Clip — ston And there ys therein one Forrester rideinge at the Cost of the Baylife of Clipston And there be in the foresaid Haies & Parke two Verderors & two Agistors And yt is to understand y* the Haies of Lyndeby

Birkland

488

28° Martii. A. 1793.

Fourteenth Report Birkland & Billahagh & the Parke of Clipston been on Land Revenue.^ oftentymes in the keepeinge of the Justics of the Forrest ' of our Lord the Kinge beyond Trente And the same

Justics ought to have One Forrester rydeinge alone through all the Forrest Also the Abbot & the Monkes of Rufford from the tyme of the Raigne of Kinge H. our Grandsire freely & in peace w§re wonte to take of the Verte in their Wood wc* is w'hin the Reward in our Forrest of Sherwood & whatsoeu' was to them needfull to their owne use & to all their Housebote & Hay-bote aswell to all their Granges in the Forrest & w""out as to their Abbey of Rufford And that they may have a Forrester of their owne to keepe their foresaid Wood wch shall doe to us fealty afore our Justics & Verderors and he to have power to deliu' to the said Abbot and Monkes Verse in their said Woods to all their necessaries aforesaid freely & in peace so that y* said Forrester shall p'sent at all Mann' Attachments afore the fforresters and Verderors of the same Forrest the takeinge of Trees taken by the said Monkes there as the custom is The third Keepeinge is Rum wood in y* wch Robte Everinghm ought to have one Forrester on Foote And there be there two Woodwarders one of Cart)ton & one other of Budby & there be there two Verderors & Agistors Also the said Robtfc Eu'inghm ought to have a Page beareinge his Bowe through all the Forrest to gather Chiminage through all the Forrest &c.

Copied from an antient Book of Collections concerning the Forest of Sherwood, belonging to JV. Dickenson Rastall, Esquire, A. M. Author of the History of the Antiquities of Southwell.

N* 14.

S-ECUNDA PARS PATEN' de Anno Regni Regis EDWARDI TERTIJ Tricesimo Septimo. m. 35.

p Hoibz Ville de REX OMIBZ ad quos &c. Edenestowe.' j SAETM SCIATIS qd de Gra'

nra Spaii Concessimus p nob' & Heredibz nris discis nob' Hoibz & Tenentibz nris de Villa de Edenestowe in Foresta nra de Shirewode qd ipi & eor' Heredes & Successores imppetuu' heant Comunam Pasture in Ilaijs nris de Bilhawe & Birkeland in Foresta nostra Pdca ad oinimodas Bestias suas (exceptis -Porcis & Capris) de Omimodis Agistamentis & Solucoibz ea Occone sol vend' libi quieti & exon'ati. Concessimus eciam p nob' & Heredibz nris Hoibz & Tenentibz nris pdcis qd ipi & Successores imppetuu' heant Por-cos suos in eisdem Haijs nris quolibt Anno tempore Pannagij Solvendo Pannagium p eisdem Porcis rona-bilitr et modo debito put ipi ante hec tempora solv'e consueverunt. IN CUJUS &c. T. R. apud Castrum nrm de Notingham viij Die Septembr'.

p Bre de Privato Sigillo.

This is a true Copy of the Record in the Tower, having been examined.

Robert , Chief Clerk.

N# 15.

FORESTA de SHERWOOD, PLACITA FORESTJE DOMINI REGIS de SHERWOOD in CO-COM' NOT'!' /ss> MITATU NOTT' tent' apud MANSFIELD Vicesimo Quinto die

Februarii Anno Regni Domini nostri Caroli secundi Dei Gratia Anglia? 1663. Scotise Francias et Hiberhiae Regis Fidei Defensoris &c. Quinto decimo

CORAM Witto Marchione NEWCASTLE &c. Justicario Itineran* omnium Forestarum ultra Trentam.

Sic.

MODO ad hanc Cur' Vener' hoies et Tentes villae de Edwinsjtowe (in Foresta pred' existen') p' Jobem Dobb eor' Atturnatum Et Clamant p se hered' et Successor' suis imppm here C6ia pastur' Haiis Dni . gis de Bilhagh et Birkeland in Foresta prd' ad oiodas bestias suas (Except' porcis et Capris) de oTodis Agistam*1* et soluconibus ea occone solvend' libi quiet' et exonerat' Ac etiam bre porcos suos in eisd' Haiis quolibt anno tempore pannagii solvend' p quolibt porco duos denarios put consueverunt Et pro titlo inde hend' iidem holes et tentes de Edwinstowe pred' dicunt qd Dnus Edrus nup Rex Angl' *primus p Lras suas paten' Sub magno Sigillo Anglie Si-gillat' quariim dat' sunt apud Castrum Nottingham' octavo die Septembris Anno regni sui tricesimo septimo concessit p se et hered' suis hoibus et tehtibus villas de Ednestow (que est eadein villa de Edwinstowe) in Foresta de Shirwood qd ipi et eoru* hered' et Successor' impprn heant Coiam pastur' in Haiis suis de Bilhawe et Birkeland in Foresta p'd' ad oiodas Bestias suas (except' porcis et capris) de oTodis Agistam,u et soluconibus ea occone solvend' liberi quiet' et exonerat' Concessit etiain deus Dnus Rex p se et hered' suis hoibus et tentibus pred' qd - ipi hered' et Successor' sui imppm heant porcos suos in eisd' haiis quolibt anno tempore pannagii solvend' panagiu' pro eisd' porcis rSnabile et modo debito prout ipi ante haec tempora solvere consuever' Et ulterius dicunt qd ipi et Antecessor' sui et oes quor, statum ipi hent virtute prd' Lrar' paten' semp a tempore Confeccois earundem hucusq' bene et quiet' huerunt usi et gavisi fuerunt et ad hunc hSnt usi et gavisi sunt diet' Coia et panag' sedm tenorem vim et

effectum pd LrSr' paten' in eodem modo put supius clamat' sunt (prout eis bene licuit) Que 01a et singula iidem hoies et tentes parat' sunt verificare proutr Cur' consideraverit Et profert hie in Cur' pred* Lras paten' Et petunt Allocacoem sibi fieri.

ET MODO ad hanc Cur' ven' Georgius Cam Gen* in ppr' pson' sua Et dicit qd ipe seltus est in dnico suo ut de feod' de et in uno antiquo Messuagio duo-bus antiquis Cottagiis nonagint' acr' et dimid' un' acr' terr' arrabil' cu' ptin' jacent' et existen' in Edwinstowe in Com' pd' infra met' Foreste pred' existen' de antiquo dnico Corone Dni Regis tent' de Maner' de Edwinstow pred' p copiam rotulor' Cur' sedum Cons' Maner' pred' Et clamat sibi et hered' suis pro se tentibus et Firmar' pmissor' pred' here et tenere ead' in sepalitate acquitt' de vast' et assart' in illis terr' et Arbor' ibim sparsi' crescen' ac de olbus penis et forisfactur' p eisd' ac de om' Chiminag' et Scotal' ac here et gaudere oibus al' libtatibus privilegiis et imunitatibus hoibus et tentibus de antiquo' dnico de jure spectan' sive ptinen'. Ac here infra terr' vast' de Edwinstowe pd' (met' et bundat' sup Dnia de Rufford et Clipston austral', et austr' occidental' (ance Southwest) et sup' haiis de Bilhagh et Birkeland boreal' et sup Dniu' de Ollerton orien' (et existen' infra Met' Forest' prd' Coia Pastur' pro oibus Averiis et Catallis suis (Capris Porcis et Anseribus except') levan' et Cuban' sup Messuag' Cottag' terr' et tenta pd' supius menconat' omni tempore anni Coicabili tanqni ad premissa pred' spectan' et ptin' et pan-nagiu' p porcis suis tempare panag' in pred' vast' et terr' boscal' de Edwinstowe pred' ac Coiam pastor'

2 p oibus

p oibus Cattallis et Averiis suis (Capris Porcis et An-seribus except') sup oibus P'missis Levan' et Cuban' omni tempore anni Coicabili racoue vicinagii in oibus appert' locis et terr' CoTcabilibus Forrest' fid' Ac tempestivis temporibus anni here et pcipe in eisdem terr' appert' Jampna, Brueras, Ericas, et Felices ac sespites (ance Sodds) pro usibus necessariis expendend' in et sup respectivis antiquis Tentis fid' Ac etia' raconabil' Estover' p repacoe et ad repand' antiqua Messuag' et Cottag' pred' Capiend' pvisum et delibacoem officiar' Forrest' fid' in pred' bosc' et terr' boscal' pred' Ac etia' raconabil' Estover' p suo focal' (ance Fireboote) expendend' in Messuag' et Cottag' pred'. Ac etiam raconabil' Estover' (ance Hayboote) pro repacoe et ad repand' antiquas Fensuras pred' terr' et tentor' capiend' sine visu et delibacone Officiar' Forrest' fid' in pred' bosc' et terr' vast' et terr' boscal' pred' tanqm Messuag' et Tentis Pd' spectan' sive ptin' Et here et retinere Canes de quacunq' specie (fiter leporariis ance Grayhounds)

in expeditatos Et pro titto ad Coiam pastur' et oia Fourteenth Report et singula Franchesias, Libtat*, Privileg* et pficua °ln Land Revenue-supius p ipm Clamat' dicit qd ipe et Antecessor' sui "

et omnes alii quor' statu' ipe het de et in Messuag'

Cottag' et terr' pred' a tempore cujus contrar' memor' hoTum non existit usi fuerunt et here consuever' p se tentibus et firmar' suis eordem p'missor' dcam Coiam et oia et singula Franchesias lit)tat' privileg' et pficua supius Clamat' in eod' modo put supius Clamat' sunt, Que oia et singula Idem Georgius paratus est verificare prout Cur' consideraverit et petit Judicium et quod p*missa fid' p ipm supius Clamat' sibi allocenter et adjudiccntur Quibs lectis audit' et pbatis quia tamen Justiciar' fid' nondu' advisant' de allocacoe Clam' fid'

pcedend' dies dat' est eidem Georgio Cam usq'....

.....nunc px' sequen' audiend' inde Judciu'.

Note. — The Two Claims aforegoing are copied from a Book in the Custody of John Gladwin,

Esquire, Steward of the said Forest.

FORESTA'de SHIRWOOD f „ AD Sessioem in Itinere tent' p Adjurnament' apud Mansfeild in Com' in COM' NOTTINGHM. J SS fid' septimo die Aprilis Anno Dni 1664.

THIS day the Clayme of the Men and Tenants of Edwinstowe was read heard and proved, but the Allowance thereof is respited quia Cur' advisar' vult.

THIS day also the severall Claymes of the Claymants of the Manno" of Edwinstowe as well of that Mannor belonging to Mr. Rolleston & Mr. Clayton, as of that Mannor of the Rectory of Edwinstowe, were read heard and proved, but the Allowance thereof respited quia Cur' advisar' vult.

FORESTA de SHIRWOOD,f „ AD Sessioem in Itinere tent' p Adjurnament' apud Mansfeild in Com* in COM' NOTT' j ss fid' decimo quinto die Septembris Anno Dhi 1664.

THE Claymes of the severall Claymants of Edwinstowe are allowed this day.

Copied from a Book in the Possession of William Clay, Esquire, of Southwell.

N# 16.

FORESTA de 1 PLACITA Forest® Domini Regis de Sherwood tent' apud Mansfield in Comitatu SHERWOOD' > §s Nott'Vicesimo Quinto Die February Anno Regni Domini nostri Caroli secundi in COM' NOTT' j Dei Gratia Angliae Scoriae Francias et Hibernias Regis Fidei Defensoris &c. Quinto

Decimo Coram WILLO Marchione NEWCASTLE &c. Justiciario Itineran' omnium Forestarum ultra Trentam.

MODO ad hanc Curiam veniunt JOHANNES ROLLESTON Gen' et ANDREAS CLAYTON Gen' in proprijs personis suis et Clamant sibi Here-dibus et Assignatis suis Maner' de MANSFIELD &c. &c.

Et ijdem Johannes Rolleston et Andreas Clayton ulterius Clamant sibi Heredibus et Assignatis suis Maner' de EDWINSTOW cum pertin' ihfta Fo-Testam predcam existen' ac omnes Boscos Subboscos terr' boscaF et vast' dci Manerij infra metas et precinct' Villat' de Edwinstow pred' et Carberton extend' jacen' et existen' (Grossis Arbor' Marem' pro Servic' Regis except') et totum terr' fundum et Solum eordem Boscor' Subboscor' et Arborum Necnon Decern Antiqu' Messuagia Octo Antiqua Cottagia nnum Molendinum Aquaticum Ducent' Acras terr' Arrabil' Prati et Pasture cum pertinentijs in EDWINSTOW predict' Et unum antiquu' Messuagium un' Toftum et Viginti Acras terre cum pertinen' in Carberton pred' ae antiquo Dnico existen' et Clamant sibi Hered' et Assign' suis pro se firmarijs et Tenentibus eorundem Messuagior' Cottag' terr' Arra-bit prati et pasture ultimo menconat' habere et te-nere eadem Messuag' Cottag' terr' prat' et pastur' in sepalitate et quiet' de omnibus vastis et Assartis in ill' terr' et Arboribus ibm sparsim crescen' ac de omnibus penis et forisfacturis pro eisdem Et habere infra terr' vast' et coTcabiles dicti Manerij Coiam Pasture sive de pasturacoem pro omnibus Averijs et Catallis Levan' et Cuban' Sup' eisdem Messuag' Cot-Vo l. 48.

tag* terr' prat' et pastur' omni tempore anni Coicabili tanquam eisdem Spectan' et pertinen' (Capris Anseribus et Porcis duntaxat except') Et coiam Pastur' racone Vicinagij in oibus vastis et locis Coicabilibus Forest' pred' Et habere infra dictum Manerium de Edwinstow Cur' Let' et visus Franc' Pleg' perquisites proficua et omnia que ad Cur' Let' et Visu' Franc' Pleg' pertinen' Catalla Waviat' Extrahur' Deodan' Bona et Catalla Felonum et Felon' de se Et un' Feriam singulis Annis per duos dies duratur' viz* in Vigil' et in die Sancti Edwini Regis ac Tolnet' Theolon' et Sect' ad Molendin'.

Et ad Peticoem Roberti Harding qui Sequitur pro Dno Rege QUESITUM et PRECEPTUM est per CURIAM eisdem Johanni Rolleston et Andree Clayton quod ostendunt huic curie quo Warranto seu ti-tulo Clamant dictum Manerium de Edwinstow proficua Libertates et cetera Premissa in Edwinstow et Carberton per ipsos superius Clamat' in eodem modo prout Clamat' Sunt Et dies dat' est eisdem Johanni et Andree usque ad pre.dcum vicesimum secundum Diem Martij Anno Regis Caroli Secundi nunc Anglite &c Decimo Sexto ad quem Diem venerunt pred' Johes et Andreas per Richum Wyld eor' Attumatura Et quoad dcum Manerium de Edwinstow Boscos Subboscos terr' Boscal' et vast' Messuag' Cottag' Molendin' terr' prat' et Pastur' in Edwinstow et Carberton pred* jacen' et existen' Et cur' Let' Visus Franc' Pleg' pertinen' Catalla Waviat' Extrahur Deodan' bona et Catalla Felonum Felon' de se Feriam* Tolnet' Theolon' 61 et

490 28° Marti. ' A. 1793.

Fourteenth Report et Secta' ad Molendin' infra dcSm Manerium per inde Seisit' existen' Postea Scitt: Secundo Die Martij on Land Revenue, ipsos Clamat' Dicunt quod Doroinus CAROLUS nu- Anno Regni dci Dni Caroli nup' Regis Anglie &c sep-

v ----- ----- --' per Rex Anglie &c per Literas suas Patentes quas hie timo per Quandam Indenturam geren' dat' eisdem die

in Cur' ostendunt Sub magno Sigillo Anglie Sigillat* et Anno Et Postea Scilicet

quarum Dat' sunt Octavo die Decembris Anno Regni Die ejusdem Men-

sui Septimo Dedit et concessit pro se Heredibus et sis Marcij Anno Septimo Supradco coram dco nuper Successoribus suis quibusdam Witto Collins et Ed- Rege in Cancellaria sua de Recordo irrotulat' pro et wardo Fenne Hered' et Assign' suis dcum Manerium in Consideratione Quadringent' et Triginta Librar* et oia et singula alia premissa infra dcum Maner' per eisdem Edro et Jofti p dictum Prenobuem Willum ipsos Joftem et Andream Clamat' Habend' et Te- COMITEM NEWCASTLE Solut'concesserunt Bar-nend' dcum Manerium et premissa prefat' Witto et ganizaverunt et Vendiderunt eidem Witto Comiti EdrS Hered' et Assign' suis imperpetuum Virtute Newcastle Hered' et Assign' suis totam illam partem quarum Literar' Patentium ijdem Wittus et Edwardus died Manerij de Edwinstow et ceteror' premissor' que in diet' Maneria et premissa intraverunt et fuer' inde jacet et existit infra Campos Metas et bundas Ville Seisit' in Dnicis suis ut de feodo Et sic inde seisit' ex- de Carberton pred' Habendum et Tenendum eidem isten' Postea Scilicet Vicesimo quinto die Febr' Anno Com' Heredibns et Assign' suis imppetuum Virtute Septimo supradicto per quandam Indenturam geren' quarumquid' Indenturar' Necnon vigore pred' Actus Dat' eisdem die et Anno Et Postea Scilicet Decimo in Parliamento Domini Regis HENRICI nuper Re-Quarto die Junij Anno Regni dci Dni Caroli nup gis Anglie &c Octavi Anno Regni sui Vicesimo Sep-Regis Anglie &c. Octavo Coram dco nup Rege in timo Supradicto Idem Comes in Maner' Boscos Sub-Cancellaria sua de Recordo irrotulat' pro et in consi- boscos et cetera premissa pred' intravit et suit inde deracoe cujusd' competen' sume leg'lis monete Angl' Seisit' in Dnico suo ut de feodo Et sic inde Seisit' eisdem Witto et Edwardo per Timotheum Leving et existen' Postea Scitt Secundo Die February Anno Georgium Widdowson Solut' concesserunt Barganiza- Regni Domini CAROLI sedi nunc Regis Anglie &c verunt et vendider' eisdem Timotheo Leving et Quinto Decimo per Quandam Indenturam geren' Georgio Widdowson Hered' et Assign' suis totam DaF_ eisdem die et anno Idem Comes per nomen illam partem et parcell' died Manerij de Edwinstow WILLI MARGHIONIS NEWCASTLE Dimisit - et ceteror' premissor' que jacet et existit infra Cam- eisdem Johanni Rolleston et Andree Clayton dictum pos metas et bundas Ville de Edwinstow predict' Maner' et premissa per ipsos Clamat' Habendum et

Habendum et Tenendum eisdem Timotheo et Geor- Tenendum eisdem Johanni et Andree pro uno mense

gio Hered' et Assign' suis imppetuu' virtute cu- integro extunc prox' Sequen' Virtute cujusquidem Di-

jus necnon vigore ACTUS in Parliamento Domini missionis ijdem Johes et Andreas in diet'Maner'et pre-

Henrici nup' Regis Anglie &c Octavi Anno Regni missa intraverunt et fuerunt inde possessionat' Et sic sui vicesimo Septimo Supradco tent' edit' predci inde possessionat' existen' Postea Scitt tertio die ejus-Timotheus et Georgius in dcam partem dicti Ma- dem mensis February Anno Quinto Decimo Supradco nerij et Premissor' intraverunt et fuerunt inde seisit' Idem Wittus Marchio Newcastle per quandam Inin Dnicis suis ut de feodo et sic inde Seisit' ex- denturam geren' Dat' eisdem die et anno Relaxavit isten' Postea Scilicet Vicesimo tertio die Maij Anno eisdem Johanni et Andree totum Jus Statum et titu-Regni dci Dni Caroli nup' Regis Anglie &c. Nono lum que ipse Marchio habebat in vel ad diet' Maner* per quandam Indentur' geren' Dat' eisdem die et et Premissa Clamat' Habend' et Tenend' eisdem Jofii Anno Et Postea Scilicet vicesimo Nono die Maij et Andree Hered'et Assign'suis imperpetuum (Et pro-Anno Nono supradco coram dco nuper Rege in Can- ferunt hie in Cur' Omnes et Singul' Indenturas pred') Cellaria sua de Recordo irrotulat' pro ct in Considera- Et dicunt quod ipsi et omnes quor' Statum ipsi habent tione de et in Maner' et ceteris premissis per ipsos supius

eisdem, Timotheo et Georgio per prenobilem Clamat' de dicto Manerio et premissis Virtute pre-Willutn Comitem NEWCASTLE Solut' concesserunt dictarum Literarum Patentium semper a tempore Barganizaverunt et vendiderunt eidem Witto Comiti Confectionis earundem hucusque secdm quod nunc Newcastle Hered' et Assignatis suis totam illam partem Clamaut SSiti et eisdem sine interruptione usi fuer' Et et parcell' dci Manerij de Edwinstow et ceteror' premis- taliter tali titulo et Warranto Clamant predict' Maner' sorum que jacet et existit infra Campos metas et bun- de Edwinstow et omnes Boscos Subboscos terr' vast' das Ville de Edwinstow pred' Habend' et Tenend' Molendin' profic' Libertates et cetera premissa per eidem Comiti Hered et Assign' suis imperpetuum ipsos superius Clamat' in eodem modo prout Clamat' Quodque predicti W'ittus Collins et Edrus Fenne sic sunt et petunt quod inquiratur inde veritas p omnes ut prefertur Seisit' existen' Virtute Lfar' Patentium Minros Foreste pred' Et pred' Robertus. Harding pro pred' de et in Maner' de Edwinstow et omnibus et Dno Rege Sittter — Qui Scitt Forestar' Viridar' Regar-Singulis alijs premissis per ipsos Joh?m Rolleston et dator' et Agistator' ad hoc jurat' et onerat' Dicunt Andream Clayton Clamat' Postea Scitt' secundo die quod ijdem Joties et Andreas et omnes quor' Statum Martij Anno Domini Millimo Sexcentesimo tricesimo ipsi habent de et in dco Maner' et premissis de primo pec Quandam Indenturam geren' Dat' eisdem eisdem Maner' et premissis semp' a tempore Con-die et Anno Et postea Scitt fectionis dear' Literar' Patentium usque nunc secdm

Coram dco nuper quod nunc Clamant Seisit' et eisdem sine interrup* Rege in Cancellaria sua de Recordo irrotulat' pro et tione usi et'gavisi fuerunt IDEO COSIDERA-in Consideracoe eisdem TUM est per CURIAM quod ijdem Joties et

Witto et Edwardo per Edrum Savage et Johannem Andreas habeant et teneant dcum Maner' proiicua Gibbon Solut' concesserunt barganizaverunt et vendi- Libertat' et cetera premissa sibi Hered et Assign' suis derunt eisdem Edro Savage et Jotii Gibbon Heredi- modo et forma prout Clamat' Sunt Et quoad habere et bus et Assign' suis totam illam partem dci Manerij de tenere diet' Messuag* Cottag' terr' prat' et Pastur* in Edwinstow et ceteror' premissor' que jacet et existit sepal' et quiet' de vastis et Assartis Et habere ct perci-infra Campos Metas et bundas' Ville de Carberton pere diet' Coiam Pastur' et Libertat' et Authoritat' Pro-predict' Habend' et Tenend' eisdem Edro et Jotii He- bandi Testamen' per ipsos clamat' Dicunt quod ipsi et red' et Assign' suis imperpetuum Virtute cujus necnon antecessores sui et omnes quor' Statum ipsi habent de et vigore ACTUS in PARLIAMENTO Domini Hen- in dictis Messuag' Cottag' terr' prat* Pastur' et ceteris rici nuper Regis Anglie &c Octavi Anno Regni sui vice- premissis a tempore cujus contrar' memoria hominum simo Septimo Supradco tent' edit' ijdem Edrus et Joties non existit usi fuerunt et habere et tenere consueverunt in dictam ptem dicti Manerij et premissor' intraverunt pro se tentibue et firmarijs suis eordem premissor' diet* et fuerunt inde Seisit' in Dnicis suis ut de feodo Et sic 'Messuag' Cottag' terr' prat' et Pastur' in sepal' et quiet'

de vastis et assartis et Coiam pred' Superius per ipsos Clamat' in eodetn modo prout superius Clamat' sunt Et hoc parati Sunt verificare Et petunt quod inqui-ratur inde veritas per omnes Ministros Foreste pred' Et pred' Robtus Harding pro Dno Rege Sititer Qui scitt Forestar' Viridar' Regardator' et Agistator', ad hoc jurat' et onerat' Dicunt quod ipsi Jobes et Andreas et omnes quor' Statum ipsi habent de et in dcis Messuag' Cottag' terr' prat' et Pastur' a tempore supradco usi fuer' et habere et tenere consuever' pro se tentibus et firmarijs Suis dicti Messuag' Cottag' terr' Prat' et Pastur' in seperalitate et quiet' de Vastis' et Assart' et habere Coi2m pred' supius per ipsos Clamat' in eodem Modo prout' per ipsos superius Clamat' sunt Ideo Consideratum est p Curiam quod ijdem Johannes et Andreas habeant et teneant' sibi Hered' et Assign' suis Messuag'. Cottag' terr' prat' et Pastur' pred insepal* et quiet* de Vastis et Assartis et Coiam Pastur' superius per ipsos Clamat' modo et forma prout Clamat' Sunt.

Et ijdem Jobes Rolleston et Andreas Clayton ulte-rius Clamant sibi Hered' et Assign' suis totam illam partem Grangie vocaP GLEADTHORP GRANGE Continen' per estimacoem Quadringent' Acr' jacen' et existen' infra forest' pred' (terr' Vast' de Budby supra-dict* borealiter Haia Dni Regis ' Birkland Oriental et terr' Vast* de Warsop australiter inde jacen') Et clamant sibi Hered' et Assign' suis pro se firmarijs et Tenentibus ejusdem partis Grangie pred' habere et tenere eand' partem Grangie pred' que jacet infra Forestam pred' in seperalitate et quiet' de Vastis et Assartis interris et Arbor' ibm Sparsim Crescen' et de Oibus penis et forisfacturis pro eisdem Et habere Coi2m Pastur' racSne vicinagij omni tempore anni Coicabili in Omnibus vastis et locis coicabilibus ejusdem Foreste pro omnibus averijs et catallis Levan' et Cuban' sup' Grangiam pred' &c. &c.

Extracted from a Book in the Possession of William Clay, Esquire, of Southwell.

ET Modo ad hunc diem vener' Decanus & Capi-tul' Ecclie Cathris bte Marie Virgin' de Lincoln' per Ricum Wyld Atturnat' suum et Dicunt quod ipi. Seiti existunt in feodo & jure Ecctie pred' de in Rectoria de Edwinstow & MarJio ejusdem Rectorie Cum un' Capital' Messuag' & Quadragint* acr' terr' Glebal, (parcell* ejusd' Rectorie) cum pertin' in Edwinstow pred' ac infra Met' & bund' Forest' pred' existen' Ac de & in decimis ad eand' Rector' Spectan' & de jure' pertin' crescen' renovan' & contingen' infra Paroc' de Edwinstow pred' et Clamant pro se & Successor' suis et eor' Tenen' Manij sui pred' coiam pastur' pro- oifez aver' suis coicabil' levan* & cuban* super Rector' pred' in oibz vast' apert' & loc' coica-bil' metat' & bundat' super Domina de Rufford & Clipston Austr' occiden' hays dci Dhi Regis voc' Bilhaigh et Birkland boreal' et super Dominio de Ollerton orien' Et here Coiam Pastur' pro aver' suis pred* racoe vicinag' in oibz terr' vast' apert' Forest' pred' ac here' pro se successor' et terien* suis Rectorie Sc Maner' sui pred' cum pertin' panag' pro porcis suis Annulat' levan' et Cuban' super Rector' pred' cum pertin' tempore panag' in vast' pred' et clamat here et tenere Rector' pred' cum portin' solut' & quiet' de oibz vast* et assart' ac de oibz vast' et forisfactur' pro eisd' ac ad eor' libtum succidere vendere & disponere arbores silos interr' Glebal' Rectorie p*1*' sparsim crescen' clamant' eitam here Visum franc' pleg' ad pred' Manerium Spectan' ac oia que ad viss Franc' Pleg' pertinent Et pro titulo ad ooiam pasture & oia & singul' ffranchess' libtat' profic' & privileg' supradict' Clamat' dicunt quod ipi et predecessor' sui & 06s quor' stat' ipi hSnt de & in Ma&io pred' a tempore cujus contrar' Me-moria hoium non existit usi fuer* Sc here consuever' pro se & successor' suis eord' premissor' dcam coiam Vot. 48.

& oia Sc Singul' ffranchess' libtat' privileg' et profic' Fourteenth Report superius clamat' in eod' modo prout superius clamat' Reveou*‘

sunt Que oia & singul' ijdem Decanus & Caplm parat' V -w Sunt verificare prout Curia consideraverit Et petit judic' et quod premissa- pred' superius' per ipo6 clamat' sibi allocen? & adjudicenV Quo lecto audito & probat' considerat' est per curia' quod Clam' pred' Al-loca? Teste dicto Justiciar' Itineran' Forest' pred' et dat' sub sigillo Officii fforest' pred' die Anno et loco ' suprascriptis.

Copied from a Book in the Possession of William Clay, Esquire, of Southwell.

N* 17.

HERE followeth the boundes & the markes of the Hayes and Woods of our Lord the Kinge & of the Parkes and of the Abbey of Rufforde and of the Woods & Wastes of the Barronrie of Southwell apptaineinge to the Archbushop of Yorke & other — Begininge at the Hay of our Lord the Kinge of Lyndeby &c.

BILLAHAGH & BIRKELANDE

c ] THE MARKES & boundes of the Hay of our Lord the Kinge of Billahagh and Birkeland begininge at the first leape & so goinge to the Oake in the Halywell dale Sc so goinge by the Waie unto the last head of Halywell Dale and so from thence goinge unto Thynghowe & from thence unto Grymeshawe goinge unto Musmere & unto Butnheald & from thence unto the head of Bill-hawe toward the South & so goinge by the way that cometh from Peu'ellthorp to the deepe wayt & comeinge unto the newe milne and from thence by the ould hagh goinge to the Derne for the Sc from thence goinge to the white Stable Sc from the White Stable to the Prestwich & from thence goinge to the head of Birkland at the first leape where yt began &c.

EDWYNSTOWE. THE MARKES & bounds

of the Towneship of Edwynstowe as well in the demesne Woods as in Wasts of our Lord the Kinge w,hin the Forrest of Sherwood — First to begin at the Towne end of Allerton at the north corn' of the holmes betwixte the water of Mayne Sc the water of Idell ascendinge toward Rufford by the west bankes of the water of Idell unto Nettilldale and from thence goinge westward by the border South or East of the said valley of Nettledale unto a little hill set for a bound betwixte the Lordship of Edwynstowe & the ground of the Abbots of Rufford and yt marketh upon the South side or East syde the said valley of Nettledale & from the said hill ascendinge by the same side the said valley ever goinge straight unto another hill in the east end of the Shrogs Sc from thence goinge straight by the South or East Side, ascendinge westward by the Shrogs unto another hill wtkin the side of the Wood of Clipston Shrogs on the north side or west side of the longe valey w‘‘h goeth from Rufford Dame unto the crossed Oake set for a bound betwixte the Lordship of Clipston and the Lordship of Edwynstowe Sc the Soyle of the Abbots of Rufford and the said little hill is on the west Side of Sculkerdale in the South end or West end of Sculkerdale & froth the said hill tuminge backe northward by an ould Way goinge through the wood & over the way that goeth betwixte Rufford & the towne of Clipston unto Bachow Dale Sc from thence goinge over Bachow Dale to goe by an ould Dike and the Closure of the East field of Clipston descendinge by the closure of the said field on the East side to the Water of Mayn towards Birkland & over the Water of Mayn by a valley under the smale, hilles ascendinge towards Birkeland unto an ould Dike in the West head of the said valley and from the said Dike goinge betwixte the north and the

East

1

28" Martii. A. 1793.

Fourteenth Report East unto a bound of the hay of Birkelande that is on Land Revenue. called Preistwhich and from Prestwich by the hedge v — ' syde of Billahagh unto the Water of Mayne and so de-

scendinge by the same Water of Mayne unto the northe Corner of the holmes where y* began &c.

Copied from an antient Book of Collections concerning the Forest of belonging to IV. Dickenson Rastall, Esquire, A. M. Author of the History of the Antiquities of Southwell.

N# 18.

Extract from a Grant of the Manor of Edwinslow (among many other Estates) to William Collins and Edward Fenn, in ffee Farm; dated 8th Sept7 Chof I.

Quinta decima pars PATEN' de Anno Regni Regis CAROLI Septimo.

REX OMNIBUS ad quos &c. SALTM *-< Sciatis qd nos tam in part' complement' & pformac' piniss' & Agreamen' ex parte nra content' & spificat' in pdict' Contract' nro cum pfat' Rado Freeman ut ^fer? confect' ac p & in Consideracoe sume tresdecim Mill' quingent' quadragint' & quing' Libr' quindecim Solid' & decern denar' legalis Monete Anglie p J)dcm Wittm Russell Mil' ante Dat' ^senciu' ad Recept' Sccij nri Westm' bene & fidelit' solut' existen' parcell' sume viginti Mille Librar' p dcm Contract' nrm mencoat' p pdcm Radhi Freeman fore solubiF & solvend' de quaquidcm Suma tresdecim Mille quin-gent' quadragint' & quing' Libr' quidecim Solid' & decern Denar fatem? nos plenarie fore satisfcos & psolut' Eundemq' Wittm Russell Militem Heredes Executores & Administratores suos inde de quait inde parcell' acquietat' & exon?at' esse volum* imp{5m p Rentes Ac ipm & ipos inde p Rentes exon/am* & acquietam* contra nos Heredes & Successores nros imppm qm p diesis alijs bonis Causis & consideracoibz nos ad j)sens spiali? moyen' de Avisapnen' j)dict' Dnor' & al' de privato consilio nro Necnon ad humilem peticoem Noiacoem & Requisi-c8cm pdict' Witti Russell Militis de Gra nra Splali ac ex <?ta Sciencia & mero Motu nris DEDIMS & CONCESS1MS ac p Rentes p nob' Hered' & Successoribz nris Dam* & Concedim* ditcis nob Witto Collins & Edwardo Fenn de London" GeSosis

Hered' & Assign' suis imppm ----- ----- Tot' ill' Maner'

nostr' de Edenstowe in Com' nro Nott' cum suis Juribz Membris & ptin' uni9sis Ac omn' Terr' Tenemen* Reddit' S'vic' & Hereditamen' nostr' que-cunq' in f)dict' Com' Nott' vocat' seu cognit' p Nomen Maner' de Edenstowe aut alibi ubicunq' eidem Maner' aliquo Modo Spectan' sive ptinen' vel re-putat' fore parcett ejusdem Maner' Ac ovnes ill* quin-quagint' & duo Bovat* Terr' Dncall* ib m de quibz-quidem Terr' Dnicis vigint Bovat' Terr' inde sunt & existunt in Edenstowe vigint' quatuor Bovat* Terr' inde sunt & existunt in Carbton & Oct' Bovat' Terr' inde sunt in Tharesby in Deo Com' Nott' Aceciam tot' ill' un' Molendin' Aquaticum cum ptin' in Edenstowe {Mict & similit un' Molendin' in Carbton pdict' Necnon tot' ill' Custum' Cur' de Edenstowe cum omibz ad ipm ptinen' custodiend' Quod quidem Maner' de Edenstowe & ceta j)miss' p particular' inde mencoat nup fuisse comiss' Jacobo Ouchterlanie Militi & esse Ariual' Reddit' sive valor' sexdecira Librar' & futsse parcell' possess' antiquar' Coron' Anglie Except' tamen semp & extra hanc ^sentem conces-sionetn nram nob Heredibz & Successoribz nris omino reservat' Omibz & singulis Gross' Arboribz Maerem' existen' sup Vast' de Edenstowe infra Fo-

rest' de Sherwood crescen* & em?gen' p pvisione & S'vic' nro impos^um ^servand' HENDUM TENENDUM & GAUDEND' pdict' Castr' Domin' Maner' Hundred' Comott' Forest' Burg' Vill' Miner' Tolnet' Molendin' piscar' consuetudin' Mesuag' Terr' Tenemen' prat' Pase' Pastur' Bose' Subbosc' Cur' Let' Vis' Franc' Pleg' pfic' Coinoditat' Libtat' Privileg' pheminenc' Advantag' Emolumen' & Hereditamen' ac ce¥a oinia & singula fimissa supius p psentes ^concess' aut mencoat' fore concess' cum eor' Juribz Membris & ptin' uni^sis (except' ^except) ^fat' Witto Collins & Edwardo Fenn Hered' & Assign' suis Ad solum & ppriu' Opus & Usum ipor' Witti Collins & Edwardi Fenn Hered' & Assign' suor* in

Feod' Firm' imppm ----- ----- ----- --- TENEND' oinia &

singula al' P'miss pconcess' vel mencoat' fore concess' cum eor' ptin' univsis de nob Heredibz & Successoribz nris ut de Man?io nro de East Greenwich in Com' nro Kane' p Fidelitat' tantum in libo & coi Socagio & non in Capite nec p S'vic' Militar! REDDENDO annuatim nob Heredibz & Successoribz nris ----- ----- de & p pdict' Maner' de Edin-;

stowe cum ptin' in dco Com* Nott' quindecim Libras

----- ----- ----- ----- -- legalis Monete Anglie ad

Recept' Sccij nri Westm' Heredum vel Successor' nror' seu ad Manus Ballivor' vel Receptor' particul' Smissor' p Tempore existen' ad Festa Anunciacois Be Marie Virginis & Sci Micftis Arcfei p equales porcoes anuatim solvend' imppm prima Solucoe inde inci-piend' & Solvend' ad illud I'estum Festor' |5dict' qd

p rim' & px' accideret post Datum {5senciu' ——

pomibz alijs Reddit' S'vic' solucoibz Exaccoibz & Demaund' quibuscunq' p ^miss' vel aliquo ^missor' supius mencoat' fore concess' nop Hered' vel Successoribz nris aliquo Modo reddend' solvend' vel fa-ciend' — IN CUJUS Rei &c. T R. apud Westm. octavo Die Decembris.

p Bre de, privato Sigillo &c.

N* 19.

FORESTA de,) PLACITA Forestre Domini SHERWOOD' \ ss Regis de SHERWOOD

in COM NOTt'J tent' apud Mansfield in

Commitatu Nott' Vicesimo Quinto Die February Anno Regni Domini nostri Caroli secundi Dei Gratia Anglise Scotiae Franciae et Hiber-niae Regis Fidei Defensoris &c Quinto Decimo Coram WILLO Marchione NEWCASTLE &c. Justiciario Itineran* omnium Foresta-rum ultra Trentam.

ET MODO ad hanc Curiam venit Carolus Gosling gen' p Radum Edge Attumat' suum Et clamat here sibi et hered' suis totam illam pcell' Stirilis patid* & vast' fund' jaceu1 Sc existen' infra forestam de Shir-wood predict' in pred' Com' Nott' continen' p esti-macoem triginta & quing' acr' vel eo circiter sedm mensura' Forest' prd' Quequid' parcell' terr' incipit boreal' Angulo de le Breck voc' Bilhagh Brecke vad' recta linea ad parvam semitam ducen' ad viam que ducit a Bud by ad Ollerton & in semit' ill' ubi domus nup' extitit turn parum longius rect' ad viam que. a Thoresby ad Ollerton pred' ducit tunc descend' ad viam latam oriental' tumque versus austral' juxta. latus extremum extencois ejusdem Bilhagh australir vel versus austral' tunc deinde verten' versus boreal' ubi incipit Ac omnes Arbor' tam querc' quam al' arbor' tam maerem' quam non maerem' existen' cujus-cuq' suit vel fuerunt gener' vel speciei modo crescen' stan* sive existen' de in supra vel infra prd parcell' terr' sic ut prefertur limitat' & bundat' vel de & in

super

28° Martii.

493

super ac infra aliquam inde partem sive parcellam Ac etiam clainat sibi hered' & assign' suis omnes & oiodas decimas cujuscunq' j»ener' ac condicois sint infra fid' parcell' terr' crescen renovan' et emergen' — Necnon Herbarium & panagium de le f)d' Haijs de Birkland & Billagh f)d' ([iterqm ChasiacSem & venacoem ferarum forest' [id') Clamat etiam pro se & heredibz suis ad eor' libitum & voluntatem arrare excolere feminare & in culturam redigere & inclu-dere tenta predict' prout eis melius videbitur Red-dend' inde anuatim Dno Regi & Successor' suis pro predict' Stiril' patid' & vast' fund' sic ut prefertur limitat' & bundat' & ceter' premiss' quatuor libr' legalis monete Anglie ad Recept' Scij dci Domini Rjegis hered' & Successorum suorum seu ad manus General' vel perticular* Receptor' dicti Dni Regis hered' et Successor' suor' predict' Coin' Nottingtim' pro tempore existen' ad fest' Anunciacois beate Marie Virgin' et Sci Micftis A rest i per equales porcones anuatim solvend' Et petit allocacoem Clamei sui predict'.

Et pro titulo ad predict' parcellam stiril' patid' & vast' fund' ceteraq' premissa superius p ipm Carolum clamat' die' quod Dnus Carolus Primus nup' Rex Angl' &c. p Lras suas Paten' sub magno Sigillo Anglie dat' apud Ebor' vicesimo octavo die Aprilis Anno Regni sui decimo octavo pro se hered' & Successor' suis Dedit & concessit {id' parcell' Stirilis patid' & vast' fund' ac lib'tat' arrare excolere & in cultur' eand' redigere necnon decimas arbor' herbagium & pannag' fid' Supius p ipm clamat' Johanni Gosling patri dei' Caroli Gosling hered' & Assign' suis Henfl tenend' & gaudiend' fid' pcell' stiril patid' & vast' fund' ceteraq' premiss' sibi jifat' Jotli hered' & assign' suis imppm Ad solum & ppriu' opus & usu dci Joftis hered' & Assign' suor imppm Virtute quar' Lrar' paten' idem Joftes in pcell' Stiril' palid' & vast' fund' & cetera fimiss' supius clam' intravit & suit inde Seitus in dnico suo ut de feodo Et sic inde SSit' existen' idem Johes p Chartam sua' geren' dat' decimo sexto die Julij anno x'egni dci nup' Regis Caroli primi Anglie &e. decimo octavo dedit concessit alienavit feoffavit & confirmavit beneq' & sufficient in lege conveiavit fid' pcell' terr' decimas ac herbagiu' & pannag' fid' sibi fifat' Carolo Gosling hered' & Assign' Et pfert hie in Cur' Litteras' Paten' et Chartam predict' Quibus Lectis Auditis et Probatis Quia tamen Justiciar' predict' nondum advisantur de allo-cacoe Clam' pred' procedend' Dies dat' est eidem CAROLO GOSLING usque Decimum Tertium diem Maij nunc prox' Sequen' audiend' inde Judicium Ad quamquid' Diem matura habita deliberacoe Clam' pred' Consideratum est quod Clam' predict' Alloc'.

Copied from a Book in the Possession of William Clay, Esquire, of Southwell.

Earle of Kingston for pte of Shtre-wood Forrest in Nottinghamshire.

N* 20 A.

TO THE KING'S MOST EXCELLT MA, The humble Peticon of Willm Earle of Kingston.

Most humbly Sheweth,

That whereas Yor Ma'J* Lords Commission" of the Treary have lately ordered the selling of a considerable part of Yor Mal* Woods in the Hayes of Birkland & Billhagh ats Billow, being in the Forest of Sherewood, in the County of Nottingham; And whereas yoT most excellent Ma'y is seised of the said Hayes of Birkland 8g

Billhagh, ais Billow, one pte of which, in Billhagh, ats Billow, doth abutt on the other part of the said Billhagh ats Billow on the Southwest, & on Thoresby on the North, & OUerton Field on the East, which Vol. 48,

said pte doth conteyn 391a. 2 r.i 7 ft. Statute Mea- Fourteenth Report sure: And whereas yor most Excell* Maw is also seized <m Laud Revenue, of a place within the said Forest called the White Lodge and of 50 a. of Land 2r. & 20 p.of like Measure, ad-joyning to the said Hayes of Billhagh ats Billow, both which do lye contiguous unto yor Pet" Mannor of Palethorp & Town of Thoresby, in y« latter of which Yor Pet" Mansion Tlouse standeth;. And whereas Yor Pef with Yor Ma" Licence & good favour, doth intend to impark Yor Pet1'* Lands in Thorsby & Pale-thorpe, in the Map hereunto anext, and also the before menconed part of Billhagh ais Billow, togeather with the said White Lodge, and the said fifty Acres of Land Two Roods & Twenty pches if yor Ma" gracious pleasure shall be to permit yor Petr to become purchasor of ye same.

Yor Petr therefore his most humble Peticon & request to yor Ma'y is that you would be graciously pleased to sell unto Yor Petr the foremenconed pte of Billhagh ats Billow, & the Wood standing upon the same, & also the said White Lodge, togeather with the said 50 a.2 r. 20 p.of Land, with the Wood there-

upon, all to be exempted from the Forest Lawes -f and likewise to grant a Licence to enclose and emparke the same, and also yor Pet" Lands menconed in the Map hereunto anext, and that Your Petr and his Heires may hold all the Premisses so imparked & inclosed, free from ye Forest Lawes & all Penalties thereof.

Hampton Cort May io,h 1683.

His Ma'y is graciously pleased to referr this Peticon with the Map thereunto annexed to the Rl Honoble the Ld5 Com" of ye Treary to consider the same & to make Report to his Ma'i what they think fit to be don upon the Pet" Request and then his Ma'y will declare his further Pleasure.

L. Jenkins.

Whitehall Treary Chamb"

5th June 1683.

The Lords Comm" of his Ma'5 Treary are pleased to referr this Peticon with the Map anexed to Sir Robert Sawyer Kn* his Ma" Attorney Gen* who is desired to consider how far his Ma'y can by Law with respect to the Rights of the Comdn" and the rest of the Forest, dismember such a proporcon as is desired by this Honble Petr & what pjudice it may be to y«

Subject in respect of ye Right of Comon & Publick Wayes through the same, & thereupon to report his Opinion to their Lop5

Hen. Guy.

Whitehall Treary Chamb" i2,b June 1683.

The Lords Com" of his Ma" Treary are pleased to referr the Peticon of the Earle of Kingston^annexed to this Map, w'h the same Map, to Willm Harbord,

Esqr his Ma" Surveyor Gen11 who is desired to consider the nature & Value of the Ground and Wood thereupon growing, requested to be purchased by the said Earle, & to report his Opinion thereupon to their LordP4

Hen. Guy.

19 June 1683.

The like Referrence, verbatim, to Tho. Corbyn Esqr Survey o' Gen'all of his Mat5 Woods on the other side Trent.

Worthy Gentlemen,

The Earle of Kingston haveing Peticoned his Ma'y to be admitted to purchase the Soyle in ffee of a certain Part or Proporcon of his Ma" Haves of Billhagh ats-

6 K ' Billow,

494

28° Martii.

.-1793.

Fourteenth Report Billow, in the Forest of Shore wood, and County of on Land Revenue. Nottingham, as also the White Lodge there near unto adjoyning, and severall Lands contiguous to the said Lodge, togeather with the Timber & other Trees thereon growing, & to have the said Lands deafforested, togeather with divers other Lands & Tenements there near adjoyning, being the Inheritance of the said Earle, as parcel of the Manno" or To'wnships of Palethorpe & Thoresby in y* said County, and to sever Sc enclose all the said Premises into a Parke, exempted from the Forest Lawes, All which are more particulerly described and setforth in a Map produced to his Ma'7 & the Lords Comission'* of the Treary, a Copie of which will be shewn You for yo* better Information & Guidance in this Matter, together with the References thereupon to Mr Attorney Generali & myselfe, and Thomas Corbyn Esqr Survey o' Generali of his Ma‘y* Woods beyond Trent, I am comanded by the R* Honfele the Ld* Com" of his Matt TreaJy to pray & authorise You to view and pambulate the said Lands & to consider of y* nature quantity & value of the same severally, what you conceive the said Forest Lands may be worth by y* Acre Yearly for his Ma'J8 Interest therein, togeather with the Inheritance thereof, & what may be the quantity of ye Lands so desired to be deafforested within the said Manno" or Townships of Palethorpe & Thoresby, & what you conceive such Deafforesting may be. reasonably valued at, considering the different Nature and Condicon thereof, and what Towns, Townships & Parishes have or do claim any Right of Coinon in all or any Part of the said Forest Lands, & what Highwaies leading to any Markett or other Towns do passe through any of the said Lands, so intended to be inclosed & imparked, and, in generall, what Inconvenience of any Kind you conceive the incloseing the said Lands, Tenem'* and other the PTmisses, as is proposed, may be to any of the Inhabitants or Proprietors claiming Right of Comon thereunto, or what other damage or f)judice may arise to the Country thereby, by turning or altering the said. Highwaies, and that you inform yo'selves by ye assistance of his Ma* said Surveyor of his Woods, of the Nature Number and value of the Timber and other Trees standing and growing onr the Lands so desired to be purchased, and what quantity thereof may be fitt or usefull for Shipping & how far the same lyes from any Navigable River, & w' the charge of carriage thereof may be by the Tun, and whether any propo-sails or agreem'* to be made with the Coinon" inter-rested herein, may be such as in yor Judgm,r you conceive they will rest satisfyed withall, without Clamour, His Ma'7 graciously intending to gratify this noble Petr in his request, and not to infringe any of the Rights of his Subjects, or give them any just cause of Comp1' — Of all which particulers, and whatsoever else you shall judge convenient to be com sidered herein conducing as well to his Ma" Service as the Satisfaccon of the Country, and Gratification of the Petitioner, you are desired to make and return a Certificate under Your Hands & Seales to the R' Honble the Lord Com" of his Ma'5 Treary, with yor first Conveniency, that there may be such further Order thereupon given as his Ma'7 and their Lops shall think fitt to direct: All which is hereby recomended to yor care & good discretion, by Gentlemen,

Yor very humble Servant,

Covent Garden, Will: Harbord Surveyor

1 lth July 1693. genrali.

Endorsed

To my, worthy Freinds Francis Saadys Esqr high Sheriff of the County of Nottingham, Sr Willoughby Hickman, Barr' Sr Edward Nevill, Kn' & Barr* Francis, Stringer, John Digby, Lancelott Rolleston,

& Willm Cartwright juti' Esq" and Henry HalfWfle GentT* or any Five or more of them.

These For his Ma*5 Service.

Indors'd To William Harbord Esq*

Surveyo' Generali to his Ma'7 p'sent.

Sir,

Wee having notice from Mr. Millington of a Letter directed to us & some other Gentlemen of this County, from You, concerning some Service to His Ma'7, so many of us as was in the Country, and in health, mett at Palethorpe upon the twenty second of the last Month, to consider of the same: We took a view of the Lands, & the Woods, both belonging to his Ma*7 & the Earle of Kingston contayned in the Mapp to wch his Peticon is annexed; And as to the Land belonging to his Ma'7 & desired to be purchased, Wee are of Opinion that the same is of little value to his Ma'7 by reason of the Incumbrances that are upon it, for besides the Right of Coinon that Edwinstow, Thorisby, Palethorpe, and Walesby have in the same. King Charles the first by his Letters Patents bearing date the 28"1 Day of Aprill in the l8'h Year of his Reign did grant unto John Gosling & his heires the Herbage and Pannage of the said Lands belonging to his Ma'7 w,h all wch Persons the said Earle must make a Composicon, before he make any Enclosure; Besides, the Land itself, was it intirely in the disposall of any Person is not above the Value of Twelve Penca an Acre, so that wee cannot give a value of the King's Interest in ye Land that is clogged with such Incumbrances.

The Land belonging to the Earle of Kingston is much of the same nature & adjoyning. to the other; As to the Contents of both wch wee refer ourselves to the Mapp, wch wee believe to be true: neither can wee inforrae you what such Deafforesting may be valued at.

There is as wee are informed about Thirty Brace of Red Deere in that Walke wch is the largest Walke in the Forest; and these Deere have libty to go into the EaiTe of Kingston's Lands, but if any of his Servants see them they do drive them out as wee are informed.

In answer to that part of yr Letter concerning such as Clayme Coirton Wee say that the Townes of Thorisby & Palethorpe, being the Earle of Kingston's own Towns, do claime Comon in the said Lands belonging to his Ma'7 All the Inhabitants of both wcb Townes are very willing the Earle's Peticon should be granted. The Towne of Walesby h« tonga,; ~ '.*£*) ,-f Goto claymeth Comon in the said Lands belonging to his Ma'7 The said Earle's Steward was with us at our Meeting, & did declare that his Lord had been informed of the Earle of Kingston's design of making a Parke, and had writ to him to let the Earle of Kingston know Hee would concurr with him in any thing that lay in his power: But the chiefest and principall Towne that claymeth Comon there is Edxoinstane, a Manner belongs ing to the Duke of Newcastle', The principall Inhabitants of wcl1 Towne was with us, and proposalls was made between the Agents of the said Earle & the said Inhabitants; The Earle offered to settle them Five pounds a Year in lieu of their Right of Comon; They stood upon Eight, The Business at last was referred to the Duke of Newcastle: what his Grace hath don in it wee have not yet heard; But wee are informed by Mr Millington, the Earle of Kingston's Councell, that he hath order from the Earle positively to agree with them, so that wee are very Confident all the ComSners will be agreed with; very much to their Advantage, & consequently to their- satisfaction. Wee viewed the Highwaies lying in the said Lands intended to be inclosed

a &

a

Certificate from ye Not Gent I. upon my Ld of Kingston's proposall so: p* of Billow in Sherewoo Forest.

These Word* are thus 9truck out in the Certificate.

&8° Martii.

495

& fetoparked, and Wfee ire of that the divert-

ing of them, according is thfe Eirle of Kingston intends, w*k was shewfen to ns in the ^Sente of thfe Eitle of Clafee'B Steward, Whose Tfehants ate principally Concerned in the passage through them, Will hot be at ill to the ©judice or disadvantage of the Country, but Hither for Yhfeir advantage; But flowtevet wefe ire informed that the Eatle of Kingston Will, both for his own Security, and the Satisfaction of the Country, bring a Writ of ad qudd dafhnufn, width Will lfegilly settle that Affair. As to the Wood belonging to his Ma,r ft standing upon the said Lands, Wfee did ndt only View that ourselves, but wife tOoke With us sothfe of the most skillfull persons in wood that we could get, and who had been imployed by Cap' Corbin, ft one Pfestland, since dead, and they did informe us that the number of Trees standing upon the said Ground belonging to his hla'y Was seavert thousand te&ven hundred Sixty and nine Trees, the Value of Wch wee do esteem to be about seaven Thousand pounds to bfe paid for in a convenient Time — The wood Wee saw to be gehferally decayed, beyond our fexpectacons, and wee did make the best enquiry wfee Could concerning What number of Trees Was nt for Ship tymber, And the best Accorhpt wee could get was that there was not above Eight and Fifty Trees irt that Place fitt for Ship tymbfer, and those not worth above One hundred pound Upon the place, wch is distant from any Navigable River fourteen Miles, & will cost fourteen Shillings a Tunn Carriage thither. Sir/ Wee desire you to flsfent our humble Service to the Lords of the Treary, ft to le'tt them know wee are highly sencible of their great kindness to out Country in the great Care they take, by endeavouring to pvent any Inconveniency that may be supposed to happen to it. — Wee have made all the Enquiry wee can & we do assure you that the granting any L4 of Kingston's request wilbe so farr from' creating any Clamour, that nothing wilbe more satisfactory to the whole Country — We have not thought it convenient to return this to the Lords of the Treasury under out hands and Seales, having no imediate Comand from them; But when you coifrunicate this to them, if it be not satisfactory, and wee shall know their Comatnds wefe shalbe ready to obey them, and serve you, in any thing that is within the Power of

Yor most humble Servants,

Fr: Sandys

East Red ford Jo: Digby

Sept'y* 7th 1683. Fr: Stringer

W* Cartwright Junr Henry Halfhid

To the R' Honoble the Ld‘ Com" of his Ma'* Treasury.

May it please Yo' Lo1"

I haye lately reced a Certificate froto Francis Sandys Esq1 high Sheriff of the County of Nottingham, ft several other woithy Gentlemen there, in Answear to1 a Cornissionary Lre w'* by yor Lo'*‘ Comand, I sent unto them1 & others, in July last, pursuant to yoT Lop* Reference of the 12"* of June before, upon the Peticon of the Earle of Kingston', requesting them to inform yor L0P5 their Opinion touching the Quantityes & values of thfe Lands desired by his Lop to be purchased of his Ma*r out of the Ha'yeS of BilloW, & y* White Lodge, W‘h thfe- Lands thfereW,k used, Within the Fortfct' of Sherewood, in the said County, and of the nUttibet* of Trees & value of the' Tymbef & other Wood thfeteori growing, togeather w,k seVferall other Lands' ft Comon's there near adjoyning, within his Lop* Manno' of Palethorp & Town of Thorisby, vr* his Lp deriteS' to inclose into a1 Parke & to have exempted frotn the' Forfeit LoweS, as' they ate1 all described in a1 Map produced'unto them, and how they

Vol. 48.

cdttbfeiVed y* Cofiion'4 nrtient b'i agreed with; aftd the FSurtetutii Report

rtighWiyfes filtered ft turried Vv'^iit ^judice to the °h Land Revenue.

Country, and What the deafforfesting of the Whole v ----- ----- ----- ----'

might be reasonably valued at, as will more plainly appear to yo' LbP* by thfe Cdjiy of my Sdid Lre & the Certificate iiielf hereunto annexed, wherein the Gentlemen do referr thehiselvfes to the Map for the Quin-tityes of the Lands wch I conceivfe are truly adlnea-sured & set down therein, And as to the Value of ye Timber & other Trees thfey have set them at Seaven thousand Pound's (whereof not above One hundred Pound's worth fit for Shipping) of wch yor 101" Will have a further Certificate from Mr Corbyn, his Mat5 Stlfveyor of the Woods on that side Trent,

(to whom yor Lop* have likewise referred the Consideration thereof) But as to tHfe Value of the Lands, they make them very inconsiderable, not worth above xijd. ah Acre; And they give no Opinion what yc deafforesting thereof may be valued at, wck is for 442 Acres in the Hayes of Billdw, and belonging to the White Lodge, And in the Townes of Palethorp &

Thorisby 828 Acres (whereof a full third part is Coinon) in all 1270 Acres* His Grace the Duke of Newcastle, L4 Chief Justice in Eyre on that side Trent, conceiving it wilbe no disservice to his Ma'y since his Ma‘y resolves to sell ye Wood; so that if your Lop* shall think fit to advise his Aiaty to pass a Grant thereof to this noble Petitioner, to be severed & inclosed into a parke, exempt from all Forest Lawes, I humbly conceive that for the White Lodge (wch t am informed is much in decay) & for his Mat5 Interest in the said 442 Acres of Forest Lands, and deafforesting them, togeather with the residue of the Lands in Palethorp & Thorisby, w*1* the great convenience & accomodacon it wilbfe to the Earle of Kingston, such a Grant may reasonably be valued at. Four hundred pounds, over & above the Value of the Wood &

Tymber, His Lop taking care to compound with & satisfy aswell all the Claymes of Coinon'* therein, as the Country, in turning the Highwayes by due Course of taw: But I think it necessary that M' Attorney be advised with upon the Validity of the Grant of 28 18 Car Prim' touching the Herbage ft Pannage of the Hayes of Birkland ft Billhay, as is suggested to be therein conveyed out of ye Crown, and whether no part of the land now desired be comprehended within 35 Acres of this Forest Land, alleaged to be passed in Fee in the said Grant, to John Gostlingj all under a Fee Farm Rent of iiij I. p an' wch Rent I am informd is sold away to Mr George l)ashwood deced & others.

All wch I most humbly submit to yor Lop* wisdom

n Will. Harbord.

15 Oct: 1083.

tlpon the back of a Draught of a Warr' Spared by the Ld* of the Treary for his Ma" Signature* Mr Attorney wrot, " I do approve of this Warr' Ro.

Sawyer." & Mr Harbord, underwrot, " By a Map now shewn me, I have ex&ied the Boundaries of the'

Lands to be passed to the Earle of Kingston & find them to be rightly comfihended in this Warr'.

To the Lords Coni'' of his Ma* Treary

My Lords Wellbeck 28 May 1683.

I reced upon Saturday seavenlght the favour of yor LoP* wtk yo' desire of my Opinion concerning a Peticon & a Map thereunto annexed, of the Earle of Kingston's to his Ma,y wherein his Lop desires to buy of his Ma'y four hundred fourty odd Acres, and upon it, and to have Libty to enclose that, & so much more of his own Land, as will make it amount to 1270 Acres. Truly my Loi;ds, I do conceive his Ma'5 granting my Lord of Kingston his request will be no disservice to him, since his Ma,y is resolved to

sell

The Duke of Newcastle's Report to y9 Lords of y* Treary about ye Land desired by the E. of Kingston in Sherewood Forest.

28° Mariii. A. 1793.

Fourteenth Report sell his Wood, wu I psent to yor LopJ as my humble on Land Revenue. Opinion, and that it will be for his Mau Service to

----- - oblige so noble & great a person. I am

my Lords Your Lops most humble Servant,

H. Newcastle.

This is a true Copy of the Duke of Newcastle's Report to the IJ* of the Treary exaLied by me

John Millington A true Copy of the Entry in the Office of His Majesty's Surveyor General.

lVm

Acting Surveyor General.

N* 20 B.

EXTRACT from a Grant to William Earl of Kingston of a Parcel of Woodland, Part of Bilhagh, in the Forest of Sherwood; dated 7U1 March 36 Cha. II.

Quinta pars Paten' de Anno Regni Regis CAROLI Secundi Tricesimo Sexto.

D. Con' 1 CAROLUS SCDUS Dei Gfa &c. Comit' I OMNIBZ ad quos &c. Saltm SCIATIS Kingston' quod Nos tam in Consideracon' Sume Concess'J Septem Mille & Centum Librar' bone & le^al' Monet' Anglie ad Recept' Scij nri apud Westm ad usum nrm p pquam fidel' & pdilem Consar.guineu' nrm Gulielmu Comitem de Kingston sup' Hull bene & fideli? solut' unde fatemur nos plenar' fore satisfact' & psolut' Et eundem Gulielmu' Comitem de Kingston sup' Hull Hered' Executor' & Administrator' suos inde acquietat' & ex-on'at' esse imppm p P'sentes quam p diversis alijs bonis causis & Consideracon' nos ad P'sens' spiali? moyen' de Gra nra spiali ac ex certa Scienc' & inero motu nris Dedimus & Concessimus ac p P'sentes p nob' Hered' & Successor' nris Damus & Concedimus pfat' Gulielmo Comiti de Kingston Hered' & Assignat' suis, TOTAM ill' Partem et Parcellam Bosci & Terr' Boscal' continen' p Mensuracoetn trecent' nonagint' & un' Acras unam Rodam & Septem decim Pertic' p MensOr' Statut' sive plus sive minus scituat' jacen' et existen' infra Metas & bundas in his Iris nris Paten' Postea express' & specificat' & existen' pcell' Bosci & Terr' Boscal' nfe vulgari? vocat' vel p nomen de Billhagh ats Billow infra Fo-

cogmt

restam nfam de Sherwood in Com' nfo de Nott' una-cum Fundo 8$ Solo pdict' p tis<§ p Bosci <§ Terr'

Boscal' p P'sentes pconcess' aut menconat' fore con-cess' Necnon omnes & singulas Arbores maeremial' & al' Arbores Boscos & Subboscos quoscunq' nunc crescen' vel existen' sup' eandem ptem pcell ' Bosci & Terr' Boscal' Ac Totam ill' al' Parcell' Terr' Arrabil' Bosci & Terre graminee continen' p Men-suracoem pdict' quinquagint' Acras duas Rodas & vigint' pertic' sive plus sive Minus In quaquidem pcell' est Domus vel Logea nra vocat' Le White Lodge Quequidem pcell' ult' menconat' est SimiliV pcell' Foreste nre de Sherwood in Com' nfo Nott' pdict' & jacet infra met' & Bund' in his Iris nris Paten' postea express' & specificat' & abuttat sup' oriental' ptem pcell' Bosci vel Terr' Boscal' in psentibz primo menconat' unacum pdict' Domo vel Logea nra vocat' Le White Lodge Ac etiam Tot' Horreu' nrm & al' Edific' & o£s Comunias Pastur' & al' ptinentijs quascunq' eidem Domo vel Logeo ptinen' sive spectan' Necnon oSs & singul' Arbores Maheremial' & al' Arbores Boscos & Subboscos quoscunq' nunc crescen' vel existen' sup pcell' Terr' Arabil' Bosci & Terr' graminee ultra in psentibz concess' aut menconat' fore concess' aut sup' aliquant inde partem vel parcell' Quequidem sepal' partes vel Parcell' Bosci Terr' Boscal'& Terre graminee f)men-coat' continentur & comphenduntur infra Met' & Bund' hie postea menconat viz1 pdict' Met' vel Bunde

Anglice the said Boundaries incipient apud Crucem nup' scam in Terra apud Zephyru' Austral' Angul' Anglice the South West Corner De Le Upper Stone-hill Breake existen' extremu' Termin' Ville de Tho-resby Qui quidem Angulus de Le Upper Stonehill Break jacet Septuagint' & unam Pertic' aut eo circi? sup' part' Boreal' & oriental' Anglice the North East Part vie alte ducent' a Villa de Budby usq' ad Viliam de Oullerton extendunt versus orient' p part' Austral' Anglice East by South in Boscum de Billow usq' ad Palum Anglice a Stake vel Crucem illic locat' distant' a Cruce primo menconat' p Spatiu' Centum & duar' Perticar' aut eo circi? et ab hinc extendunt in recta Linea ad quendam Clausum vulgari? vocat' vel cog-nit' p nomen de Le Middle Cockshott Close usq' ad Quendam Lapidem ibi locat' in quadam Cruce nup' facta p Spatiu' septuagint' & Sex Pertic' aut eo circi? sup' ptem oriental' vie pdict' ducen' a Budby ad Oullerton & inde extendunt ad Angulum Boreal' de Le East Cockshott Close & inde descendunt p Oriental' ptem de Le East Cockshott Close pdict' usq' ad Viam regiam ducen' ab Oullerton ad Viliam de Peverilthorp ats Palethorp eadem via ducen' ab Oullerton ad Peverilthorp ats Palethorpe circumscribent' P'miss' p totam ptem usq' ad Angulum De Le Foxfield Breake existen' in Dnio de Peverilthorpe ats Palethorp pdict' Et ab eodem Angulo De Le Foxfield Breake extendunt versus Occiden' p exterior' Limites de Peverilthorpe ats Palethorpe & Thoresby usq' ad Angul' Bmencoat' de Le Upper Stonehill Breake ubi pdict' Met' & Bunde inceperunt Que omnia & singula P'missa sunt in vel prope pochiam de Edwinstow in Com' nro de Nott' predict' Ac omn' & singul' Mes-suagia Dom' Edific' Structur' Horr' Stabul' Gardin' Pomar' Toft' Croft' Gurtillag' Terr' Tenement' Prat' Pase' Pastur' Colas Boscos Subboscos & Arbores & Terr' Solum 8$ Fundum eor' Boscor Subboscor' & Arbor' Fruct' pfic' Aquas Aquar' Cursus Stagn' Vivar' Aqueduct' piscar' piscacon' Sect' Socas Mulctur' Redit' Revencon' & Servic' & Estover' Comuniam Estover' Tolnet' Custum' Jur' Jurisdiccon' Libtat' Franchess' Privileg' pfic' Coinoditat' Advantag' Emolument' & Hereditament' quecunq' cum omnibz & singulis eor' & cujuslibet eor' ptinen' quibuscunq' & cujuscunq' Natur' Generis vel Specei & p quecunq' NoTa nun-cupantur reputantur vel cognoscuntur respective Scituat' jacen' et existen' in pochia' de Edwinstow pdict' aut alibi in dco Com' nro de Nott' pdict' Sepalibz Pecijs vel Pcell' Bosci & Terr' Boscal' & ceter' pmiss' p psentes pconcess' aut eor' alicui vel aliquibz aut ad aliquam Ptem inde Spectan' vel ptinen' vel existen' 10611 Pdict' sepal' Pecias vel Pcell' Bosci & Terr' Boscal' & ceter' P'missa aut infra aliquam inde part' vel pcell' Ac Revercoem & Revercoes Remaner' & Remaneria omn' & Singul' pmissor' et cujuslibt inde ptis & pcell' dependent' vel expectant' dependentia vel expectantia sup' aliquam Dimission' seu Concession' aut aliquaa Dimis-siones seu Concessiones antehac confect' vel confectas vel al$ Ac Tot' Stat' Jus Titul' In¥esse & Demand' nri Hered' vel Successor' nror' de vel in eisdem pmiss' aut aliqua inde Pcell' HABEND' & TENEND' pdict sepal' pec' sive pcell' Bose' & Terr' Boscal' & omnia & singula pdict' Maeremial' Arbores Arbores Bose' & Subbosc' & al' pmissa p Psentes pconcess' aut menconat' fore Concess' cum eor' ptinen' quibuscunq' ptat' Gulielmo Comiti de Kingston Hered' & Assignat' suis ad solum & pprium Opus & Usu' ejusdem Gulielmi Comitis de Kingston Hered' & Assignator' suor' imppm TENEND' de nob' Hered' & Successor' nris ut de Manerio nfo de East Greenwich in Com' nfo Kantij in lifto & Coi Soccagio & non in Capite nec p Servitiu' Militare Sed p Fide-litat' tantum p omnibz & oiniod' Servic' ExacSonibz Sc Demand' quibuscunq' IN CUJUS Rei &c. TESTE me ipo apud Westm' Septimo Die Martij.

Per Bre de Private Sigillo.

28° Martii.

407

N'il.

Edenstow in Com. Nott. for Trtes to repair their Church.

TO THE KING'S MOST EXCELLENT MA" Fourteenth Report

on 1 and Revenue.

THE HUMBLE PETICON of the Inhabitants of the Towne of Edenstow within the Forest of

Sherwood in the County of Nottingham.

SHEWETH,

That the Parish Church of Edenstow is an Antient Mother Church, and hath Three Chappells of Ease belonging thereto. That about seaven Yeares since the Steeple of the same Church was beatten downe, by Thunder, and was repaired at the proper charge of the Pet'* the severall Townes of Ollerton, Palethorpe, Carberton. Parberton*, being within the said Parish, & to wch the same Chappells doe appertain, refuseing to contribute towards the rebuilding of the same, or to repaire the said Church.

That now it appeares that the whole Body of the Church is extreamely shaken, and in a very ruinous Condition (occasioned by the fall of the Steeple) inso much as by the Opinion of very able Workmen, the Charge of its repaires will amount unto Three hundred Pounds, w*h Your Peticoners are not able to beare, so that the Church must absolutely perish w,hout the Charitable benevolence of yor most gracious Maty.

Yo' Pet" therefore most humbly pray That yo' Ma*r would bee graciously pleased to grant to yor Peticoners Two hundred of the decayed Oakes wch are unfit for Ship Timber, or some Wood to the value of Two hundred Pounds, out of Y<f Ma,s Hayes of Billhae and Birkland within Yor Ma" fforest of Sherwood, towards repairing of their Church.

And yor Pet" shall ever pray See.

John Vessel, W" Heays W" Cudsbery, Wittm Bedfield George G. E. Emley, Will Lowe

mark

Tho: Bows Viccar ibm.

Witt: Hammond, Jo: Bellamy Miles Ouldham

At the Court at Whitehall y* 22th Nov' 1679.

His Maty being graciously inclined to contribute towards the Repair of the Peticoners Church, is pleased to referr the Consideracon of their suit unto the Right Honoble ye Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to report what may be fitly don in it for the Peticoner's gratification, and then His Maty will declare his further Pleasure.

Sunderland.

Whitehall Treary Chambers 29 Nov. 1679.

The Lords Comiss" of his Ma" Treary are pleased to Surveyor Gen" who is desired to make Report to their made to the Pet" without Prejudice to his Ma" Woods.

Sir

LretoMr. The Inhabitants of Edenstow in the Forest of Sher-Curbin about wood & County of Nott. having peticoned his Ma,r Sheiwid*111 for Two hundred decayed Oakes unfit for Shiptimber, Forest for y* or Wood to the Value of Two hundred pounds, to be Inhitants of given them out of his Ma" Hayes of Billhay & Birk-Edenstow. land within the said Forest towards the Repair of their Church being much in Decay, and the Lords of the Treary having referred the Considercon thereof to mee, I desire you to certify mee yor Opinion whether such a number of decayed Trees can be found, & taken out of the said Hayes, without p'judice to his Ma" other Wood & Tymber there, & what the Value of them may be according to yor Judgmen*, & in what pts & Places of the said Hayes they may be best spared, if any such there be. — This I shalbe glad to receive from you w,h yor first Conveniency for his Ma" Service, that I may be thereby enabled to make a Report thereof to their Lop* as I am comanded,-resting

Sir,

Covent Garden, Yor very affecconate

3 febr: 1644. friend & Servant

Will: Harbord, Surveyo' Directed Generali.

To my worthy Friend Thomas Corbin Esqr. Surveyo' Generali of his Ma" Woodsbeyond Trent.

Vol. 48.

referr this Peticon to Willm Harbord Esqr his Ma"

Lordships whether such grant as is desired may be

Hen: Guy

Sir,

According to yo' desire I went to Sherwood Forrest Mr Corbin's An-& viewed the Trees growing in his Ma" Hayes of swear to y* Lre sent Birkland & Billah, where there are yet standing many *° ^‘"n-Thousands of Trees, few of which there are, but what are decaying, and very few I conceive useiull for the Navye, there having been somany taken out for that use already, and most of the Trees now standing will prove Redwood, so that if you please you may assure their Lop* that the number of Trees peticoned for may be taken out (if his Ma,y please to grant them) without predujice to his Ma" Navall Service, or without defacing of the Woods, if they be set out dispersedly over the Hayes. — In what perticuler places I could not give you that account you desired, because when I came there I found Mr Gosling was dead, and old Tasbury, so that there is now no Keeper can tell me the Names of the Places; And you further desire to be satisfied, what I conceive The value of 200 Trees may be worth, such as are not for the Navall Service:

I conceive there may be Two hundred of such Trees may be worth that Money, though the Barke of them is little worth, & the Topps but very small; and Sr in my Opinion, I have now given you what satisfaction I can to your desire; though not by way of Report, as I have don, when the late Lord Trears were pleased to Referr some References of this nature to mee, wch I hope Sr you will excuse mee to them,

6 L if.

28? Martit.

m

Fourteenth Report if I have coigitted any Error thereby, and I hope, by no Land Revenue, j have don, vou will be assured that I am

" Sr.

Feb: 21. Yor most faithfull &

1679. humble Servant,

Tbd. Corbyht

Directed TfiUSd f>s<*ttt

To Wittm Harbord Esq* His M" Surveyo' Genrall.

May it please yo* Lop*

I have considered the Peticott of the Inhabitants of the Town of Edenstow in y* Forest of Sherewood County of Nott' & yo' Lop* Reference thereupon, and fhodgh 1 cannot conceive 200 decayed Oakes (as is desired towards ye Repair of their Church) can be ttken out of his Ma4* Hayes of fiillhay & Birkland, <vttin his Ufa*4 said Forest, wll, oat fihidice to his Ma" Woods, yet having sent a Lrfe to Mr. Tho* Corbyrt, Surveyo' Gen11 of his Ma" Woods beyond Trent, to be informed whether such a number of decayed Trees Can be found and taken out of the said Hayes without fijudlce to his Ma" other Wood & Tyttiber tlterCl, St what the value of them may be, & in What pits & places of y* said Hayes they maybe best spared, to weh he hath returned the Answer hereunto annexed — That there maybe such a ttutnber of TrCes taken there, w,hout Pjudice to his Mau Navall Service, or without defacing of the Woods, if they be sett out dispersedly over the Hayes, I most humbly submit the determination thereof, for so charitable a Worke, to yo' Lop* pleasure, & great Judgm*

Will. Harbord. 14. M'ch: 1680.

A true Copy of the Eh try in the Office of His Majesty's Surveyor General.

fft* tiarrisohy Acting Surveyor General.

After my hearty Comendacons. Whereas her Matp by Warrant under her Royall Signe Manuall bearing date the 23th day of July last, hath directed the cutting a small Ryding cross the Woods of Birck-hrnd and fiilie in thfe ffoi-est of Sherwood, in y* County of Nottingham; These are in pursuance of her Ma" said Warr* to authorize and direct You (calling to Yo' assistance some of the Verderers or Regarders of the said Forest, and such other Persons as You shall think fit) to mark fell and cut down Or cause to be marked felted and cat down such a Number of Trees as may be convenient for the makeing a small Ryding Cross the said Woods Of Birkland and BifIC in the said Forest, and that You Cause die Trees and Wood weh are to be felled and cut down in the makeing the said Ryding, together with the Bark Lopp Topp and Oflail Wood Of the same, to be sold for her Mat* beet advantage and to receive and pay the Money ariseing thereby (the necessary charges of makeing the said Ryding being first deducted) into the Receipt of her Mat* Exchequer for her Ma*' Use; And You are hereby directed to render an account of Yo' Actings and doings herein, before the Auditor of the Said County on or before the last day Of Easter t Terme how next comeing: And for so doing this

ahalbe Your Warrant: Cockpitt TreSry Chambers 4,fc August 1703.

Godolphin.

To my very loving ffriend Thomas Hewet, Esq'. Surveyour Generali of Her Ma* Woods on the North Side Trent.

After my hearty Comendacons: These are in psuance of the annexed Warr* under her Ma" Royall bigne Manuall to hie directed in this behalfe, to au-

9

thorise and require You, w,h y® Assistance of the prop' Officers of Sherwood Forest to cause such a Ryding to be made from Thoursby House through Rillagh Wood, in the said Forest, by cutting down the Trees now growing upon the Ground to be made the Said Ryding as is directed by her Mat* said Warr* which Ryding is not to exceed One hundred and Five Foot in- Breadth and You are to take adre to sell the Trees that shalbe foiled in making, such Rydwg, together with the Bark Lopps Topps and Offall Wood of the whole, to her Mat* best advantage, and to account for Yo' doing herein before the And' of the County of Nottingham, on or before the last day of Hillary Term next; and for so doing this (being first entred wtfc v® s* And') shalbe Your sufficient Warrant. Whitehall Treasury Chambers 7, May 1706.

Godolphin,

To my very loving Friend Thomas Hewet, Esq' Survey' Grail of her Ma" Woods on the North Side Trent.

After my hearty Comefldlcdns Whereas her Ma,r by Letters Patents Under the Great Seale of Great Britain beating date the 31* day of Janrylast, hath given and granted unto His Grace John Duke of Newcastle free Licence and Liberty to make a Park in the fforrest of Sherwood, or in the Purlieus thereof, in the County of Notts, to contain at least Three Thousand acres of his own Land of Inheritance, and also to tnake and cut a Ryding not exceeding Eighty Yards wide through her Ma" Wood called Birkland Wood, from the West, Eastward, cross the Ryding already made in the same Wood, and likewise 'to enlarge the Ryding already made cross the said Birkland Wood, so as to make the same of equal 1 wideth with the said now intended Ryding and by the said Ires Patents there is also granted to the sd Duke of Newcastle as well the Wood and Timber which shall be cut down in the makeing of the said new Ryding, as what shall be cut down in enlargeing the Ryding already made, together with the Bark Lopps Topps and Offall Wood thereof as by the 8aid Letters Patents, relation being the reunto had may more fully appear, These are in psuahee of the Letters Patents above recited to authorize and require You in the ^sence and with the assistance of the proper Officers of the said Forest to cause as well the said new Ryding to be cut through the said Birkland Wood in the manner above menconed as also the said dd Ryding to be enlarged and made of ye same width, not exceeding Eighty Yards as aforesaid, with the new Ryding, by cuting the Wood lying on the West Side thereof next Hanging Hill, which as I am informed will be most ornamental to the said Ryding, and of least Prejudice of Her Ma" Woods And you are also to-came the Wood and Timber so to be felled and out down and the Bark Lopps Topps and Offall Wood thereof to be delivered to the said Duke of Newcastle or his Assignee, And to do all such other Matters in relation to the sadd Rydings as in and by the said Lies Patents are directed; And for so doing this shall be Yo' Warft: Whitehall Treary Chambers the 14th day of -Fabry 1709.

Godolphin.

To my very loving ffriend Tho*

Hewet Esq': Surveyor Gen11 of Her Ma" Woods on y®

North Side Trent

N® 22.

ELIZABETH' Dei gratia Anglie Franeie et Hibhie, Fidei Defensor &c. omnibus ad quos pre-sentes Litere pervenerint Salutem: Sciatis quod nos -pro et in consideratione Sume Ducentarum Librarum

legalis

28° Ma*.

3S Geo. III*

409

legalis Monete Anglie nobis ad Receptum Scaccarij redes nee Assignat! sui, nec eorum aliquis de cetero Fourteenth Report

nostri ad usum nostrum per dilectum Subditum nos- gravabitur aut gravabuntur aut impeciatur aut im- 0,1 Lnnd Revenue.

trum Johannem Stanhope Armigerum bene et fideliter pecientur per nos heredes aut Successores nostros, v

solut' ande fatemur nos Plenarie fore Sarisfact' et aut per aliquos Justiciarios Officiarios, sive ministros

persolut' eundemq' Johannem Stanhope Heredes Ex- nostros, Heredum vel Successorum nostrorum pro ali-

ecutores et Administratores suos inde acquietat' et qua venacione Fugacione, Destruccione Occisione sive

exonerates esse imperpetuum per presentes de Gratia Spolatione aliquarum Ferrarum nostrarum infra Boscos

nostra speciali ac ex certa Sciencia et mero Motu predictos, duifiodo tal' Venacione, Fugacione, De-

nostris dedimus et concessimus ac per presentee pro straccione, Occisione seu spoliatione non obstan' re-

Nobis Heredibus et Successoribus nostris DAMUS manebunt adtunc Centum Fere, Anglice Deere ad

ET CONCEDIMUS prefato Johanni Stanhope He- minus infra eosdem Boscos de Thornewoode ad usum

redibua et Assignatis $i*is Custod' et Offic' Custod' nostrum Heredum vel Successorupi nostrorum; aliqua

Forestar' Boscornm de THORNEWOODE in Au- Assis' &eu consuetudsoe Forest* au^ aliquo also Sta-

strale Baliva infra Forestam nostram de Sherwood in tuto, Actu, Ordinacione, sive Provisione aut aliqua

Comitatu nostro Nottingham' ac omi' Ferarum nostra- alia Re, Causa, Consuetudine vel materia quacunq'

rum ibidm existen' ac Custodem, omi' aliorum Bos- incontrarium inde non obstan' CONCESSIMUS

corum eidera Officio Pertinen' sive Spectan' AC ETIAM et per presentes pro nobis Heredibus et

ECIAM ipsum Johannem Stanhope Forestar' nostrum Successoribus nostris concedimus prefato Johanni

et Custodem dictorum Boscornm de THORNE- Stanhope Heredibus et Assignatis Suis Quod si pre-

WOODE et omi' Ferarum nostrarum ibidm infra dictus Johannis Stanhope Heredes aut Assignati sui

Forestam predictem, per Presentes ordinamus facimus de Tempore in Tempus, bene et veraciter Custo-

ac constitumus HABENDUM exercendum et gau- diversfit et praservaverint, ad minus Centum Feras,

dend' Officiu' et Custod' predict' prefato Johanni AngUce Deere, infrq Boscos predict', et Fere ille,

Stanhope Heredibus et assignatis suis imperpetuq' tam aut earum alique Sine Defectu predicti Johannis, de per eundem Johannem Stanhope Heredes sivq As- aliqua Infirmitate aut aliter obierint, aut sine Defectu signatos suos quam per sufficientem deputatuin sive aut neglegentia ejusdem Johannis Stanhope Heredum sufficientes Deputatos ejusdem Johannis Stanhope aut Assignatorum suorum, occidentur destruentur aut Heredum sive Assignatorum suorum imperpetuum spoliabuntur quod tunc nec predictus Johannes Stan-ET UtTERItTS dedimus et concedimus ac per pre- hope Heredes sive Assignati sui nec eorum aliqui presentes pro nobis Heredibus et Successoribus nostris textu alicujus talis Occisionis Destrucconis sive Spo-damus et concedimus Prefato Johanni Stanhope He- liacianis, ullo modo gravabuntur aut impecientur, nec redibus et Assignatis suis pro Occupacoe et e^ercio eorum aliquis ullo modo gravabitur aut impecietur Officii sive Custodis predict', offiia vad' Feod' ad van- aliquo in presentibus incontrarium inde non obstan' tagia et proficua diet' Offic' et Custod' ab antique aut aliquo Statute Actu Ordinacione sive provisione, debit' et consuet' pertinen' sive spectan' (except' et aut aliqua alia Re Causa vel Materia quacunque in extra has presentes omnio reservat' Vad' Feod' et An- aliquo non obstan' EO QUOD EXPRESSA MEN-nuitat' sive annual' Pensione quatuor Denarior' per CIO DE VERO VALORE annuo aut de aliquo Diem, antebac pro Oecupaeione et exercio officii sive also valore, vet de certitudine premissorum sive eorum Custod' predict' per nos seu progenitores nostros dat' alicujus, aut de aliis Donis sive concessionibus per concess' seu solut') in tam amplis mpdo et forma prout nos seu per aliquem Progenitorum nostrorum prefato Henricus Parker, Simon Digbye, Johannes Biron Johanni Stanhope ante hec Tempora fact' in presen-Miles Franciscus Willoughby Miles, aut Michael tibus minime fact' existit aut aliquo Statute Actu Or-Stanhope Armiger aut eorum aliquis sive aliqui offic' dinacione Provisione, Proclamatione sive Restriccione et Custod' predict' antehac habentes gaudentes sive incontrarium inde antebac habit' fact' edit' Ordinat exercentes, habens gaudens sive exerceps habuerunt seu provis' aut aliqua alia Re Causa, vel Materia perciperunt vel gavisi fuerunt habuit percepit vel quacunq' in aliquo non obstan' IN CUJUS Rei gavisus suit, aut habefe perdpere, vel gaudere, de- Testimonium has Literas nostras fieri fecimus Patentes buerunt vel debuit ratione Officii sive custodis pre- Teste me ipsa apud Westmonasterium Decimo Die dicti ET ULTERIUS VOLUMUS et per pre- Decembris Anno Regni nostri Quadragesimo Se-sentes pro nobis Heredibus Successoribus nostris con- cundp.

cedimus prefato Johanoi Stanhope Heredibus eft As.- Per Breve de Private Sigillo &c.

signatis suis, quod nec idem Johannis Stanhope He- HUSBANDES.

VoL.Ai.

N* 23.

28° Martii. A. 1793.

N# 23.

Fourteenth Report on Land Revenue*

FOREST OF SHERWOOD.

A STATE of the Estimated Quantity and Value of the Forest Lands which have been inclosed by Act of Parliament, and of those remaining uninclosed, as reported to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue by John Renshaw, Land Surveyor, in the Year 1792-

LA N D S inclosed by Act of Parliament, lying within the Bounds of Thorney-Wood Chase.

In

Arnold (besides about 1,500 Acres not within the said Chase) - -

Caherton (besides about 500 Acres not within the said Chase) -

Inclosed in 1790, for which the Earl of Chesterfield, as Ranger, received a Twentieth Part in Value, as a Compensation for his Forest Rights.

Inclosed in 1780, for which the Earl of , . Chesterfield received a Twentieth Part in Value, as a Compensation for his Forest Rights.

LANDS uninclosed, lying within the Bounds of Thorney-Wood Chase.

Present Value per

Acres. Value Acre, if

per Acre. inclosed.

s. s.

In Basford* - - - 1,200 6 18

Gedling - - - - 750 7 16

Lenton and Radford - 200 5 20

Lambley - - - 600 5 16

Nottingham 190 6 13

Woodborough - - 440 7 l6

Sneinton ----- - 80 12 25

3,460

LANDS inclosed by Act of Parliament, not lying within the Bounds of Thorney-Wood Chase, for which a

Compensation has been made for Forest Rights.

Acres.

L50O Inclosed in 1790, for which the Crown received a 40th Part in Value, as a Compensation for the Forest Rights.

In Arnold (besides about 750 Acres within the said Chase) - - - 1

Note. — In 179a, after this Account was received from Mr. Retuham, Acts were passed for the Inclosure of the Wastes in Basford,

Gcdling, and Lambley, within Thorney-Wood

LANDS

28° Mat tii.

501

LANDS inclosed, not lying within the Bounds of Thorney-Wood Chase, for which no Compensation was made Fourteenth Report

for Forest Rights.

on Land Revenue.

In Calverton (exclusive of about 500 Acres within the said Chase) -Carburton (a small Part only of the Inclosure within the Bounds of the Forest) - -

Famsfield -

Blidworth ——

Ollerton ——

When

inclosed.

in 1780

m 1770 in 1778 in 1769 ini777

Value per Acre at the Time of Inclosure.

s. 6

8

7

9

LANDS uninclosed, not lying within the Bounds of Thorney-Wood Chase.

In Annesley -Bulwell Budby

Blidworth (besides i,n in 1769)

Clipston -Edwinstow Kirkby - -

Mansfield -Mansfield-W oodhouse Newstead - -

Popplewick

Rufford - <

Sutton in Ashfield Market-Warsop

Acres. Present Value per Acre. Value per Acre if inclosed.

s. s.

- - - 460 4 10

- - - 80 5 18

- - . 1000 3 8

Acres inclosed

- - - 2,000 3 6

- - - 400 3 7

- - - 2,100 4 7

- - 1,700 4 8

- - 1 1,600 4 6

' - - 1,200 5 7

- - - 500 3 6

m - - 1,000 4 8

" would not

m - - 5; 085 3 pay for

> inclosing.

- - - 2,300 4 8

- - - 1,000 5 7

20,425

N® 24.

A VEIWE taken by speciall Commandem* from his Majtie to the Righte Hobl® Francis Earle of Rutland Lord Warden of this Forrest of Sherwood, and from him to the Verderors, of all the Redde Deere in this Forrest the vth of Marche 1616, certified as followeth

Rumwode & Oslande Birkelande -

Bilhagh -

Rufforde & Clipston Shrogges Mansfeilde Office Mansfeilde Woodhouse Calverton

Farnesfeilde -

Blidworth -

Pappleweke -

Beskwoode Parke Annesley Hilles Newstead Woods

27 Deere whereof male - 21

92 whereof male - - 19

78 whereof male - - 9

487 whereof male - - 130

180 whereof male - - 000

60 whereof male - - 000

117 whereof male - - 22

70 whereof male - - 39

6l whereof male - - 11

2 whereof male - - 000

28 whereof male - - 16

2 000 some Daies -but y* Keep affirmeth y‘ there be - } 10 14

59 whereof male - 26

Sutton & Kirkeby -

Suina tot'1263.

Copied from an antient Book of Collections concerning the Forest of Sherwood, belonging to W. Dickenson Rastall, ' Esquire, A. M. Author of the History of the Antiquities of Southwell.

Vol. 48. 6 M N®

25.

Fourteenth Report on Land Revenue*

502 28° Martii. A. 1793.

N# 25.

ANNE R.

OUR WILL and Pleasure is, that you forthwith prepare a Bill for our Royal Signature, to pass our Privy Seal in these Words, or to this Effect:

ANNE by the Grace of God Queen of England, &c. To our Right Trusty and Welbeloved Counsellor Sidney Lord Godolphin Our High Treasurer of England, and Treasurer of our Exchequer, And to the Under Treasurer of our said Exchequer now being, And to the Treasurer & under Treasurer of our Exchequer or Commissioners of our Treasury for the Time being greeting: WHEREAS Our Right Trusty and Right entirely beloved Cousin and Counsellor John Duke of Newcastle, Lord Warden of our Forest of Sherwood, hath humbly represented unto Us (amongst other Things) that for the preservation of our Deer in the said Forest, and encrease of the Game there, which hath till of late been very much destroyed, it is absolutely necessary a competent Allowance should be made not only for the Maintenance and Support of a sufficient number of Keepers, which he conceives can not be less than six, and their Deputies, but also for providing of Hay and pasture ground for the fothering and supporting our said Deer; AND WHEREAS We are graciously pleased to allow for the purposes aforesaid the yearly Sum of £. 366 for, providing Hay and Pasture Ground for Our said Deer, and for Salaries for our said six Keepers and their Deputies, out of such Money as is and shall be in the hands of Our Surveyor General of Our woods on the north side Trent, npw and for the time being, arisen by the Sale of Windfall Wood and dotard and decayed Trees not being fit for( Ship Timber, or by any Lopps Topps or Offalwood, and that the same shall commence from Michaelmas 1703: Our Will and Pleasure therefore is, And We do hereby direct authorize and command, That you Our said High Treasurer and under Treasurer of our Exchequer or Commissioners of our Treasury now and for the time being do issue Your Warrant or Warrants to the said Surveyor General of our Woods, Trent North, Now and for the time being, out of such Money as is and shall be in his hands, ansen by Sale of Windfalls and of Dotard or decayed Trees (not being fit for any uses of our Navy) or by any Lopps, Topps, or Offalwood, in any of our Parks Forrests or Chases within his Survey, to pay or cause to be paid to the said John Duke of Newcastle, Lord Warden of our said Forest of Sherwood, or to the Lord Warden thereof for the time being, the said yearly Sum of 366 from Michaelmas last aforesaid, without any Account to be rendered into our Exchequer for the same; which Yearly allowance is intended to be employed as followeth (that is to say) % For providing Hay and Pasture Ground for our said Deer, and Salaries for our six Keepers and their Deputies, to be distributed to and amongst them in such manner and pfopprtions as he the said Lord Warden shall think fit and proper, the first payment on the said Annu£d Allowance to be made forthwith, for the half Year incurred thereupon, from Michaelmas 1703, to Lady Day last, 1704, and the Subsequent payments to be made Quarterly, from time to time, as the same shall incurr and grow due, during our Pleasure: And these Our Letters, Given &c.

And for so doing this shall be Your Warrant: Given at our Court at Windsor the 3d Day of July 1704, in the 3d Year of our Reign.

By her Majesty's Command,

To the Clerk of ourl Signet attending. J GODOLPHIN.

N° 26.

After our hearty Commendations. WHEREAS her Majesty hath by her Letters of Privy Seal bearing date the 19th July 1704 for the preservation of her Deer within her Forest of Sherwood in the County of Notts' and for the encrease of the Game there directed an Yearly Sum of £. 366 to be paid to the Lord Warden of the said Forest for the time being out of the Money now or hereafter being or remaining in the hands of the Surveyor General of the Woods on the North side Trent, arisen or to arise by the Sale of Windfall Wood, and dotard and decayed Trees to be by the said Lord Warden distributed to and amongst the six Keepers of the said Forest and their Deputies, for Salaries and for Hay and pasture Ground for the Deer there, in such manner and proportion as to him shall seem meet, the same to commence from Michaelmas 1703, as in and by the said Letters of Privy Seal, relation being the reunto had, may more fully appear: These are by virtue of Her Majesty's said Letters of Privy Seal to authorize and require You out of any Money that is or shall be in your hands, arisen or to arise by the Sale of Windfall Wood, and of dotard and decayed Trees within the said Forest, to pay unto his Grace John Duke of Newcastle, the present Lord Warden of the said Forest, or the Warden thereof for the time being, without Account, as well what is already incurred and grown due on the said Yearly Sum of £. 366 since Michaelmas 1703, as of what shall from time to time hereafter grow due thereupon, to be distributed and paid according to the directions of the said Letters of Privy Seal: And for so doing This shall be Your Warrant. Whitehall Treasury Chambers 7th Aug*

1704.

GODOLPHIN.

To Thomas Hewet Esq* Surveyor General of Her Majesty's Woods on the North side Trent, or to the Surveyor General thereof for the time being.

After our hearty Commendations. By Virtue of Her Majesty's General Letters Patent dormant bearing date the 19th Day of March 1701. These are to pray and require your Lordship to draw an Order for paying unto his Grace John Duke of Newcastle, Lord Warden of Her Majesty's Forest of Sherwood, or to his Assigns the Sum of £, 200 without Account, for and towards the satisfying the Allowance which the Surveyor of Her Majesty's Woods Trent North is directed by Her Majesty's Letters of Privy Seal, dated on or about the 19th Day of July 1704, to pay out of1 Money arising by Wood Sales to the Lord Warden of the said Forest for the time being, for providing Hay and Pasture Ground for Her Majesty's Deer there, and for Salaries to Six Keepers and their Deputies, and is in lieu of the like Sum paid into the Exchequer by the said Surveyor since the date of the said Letters of Privy Seal, and thence issued to another Use: And let foe said Order be satisfyed out of any of the Revenues granted to Her Majesty for the use of the Civil Government, taking care entries be first made hereof, not only with the said Surveyor, but also with the Auditor of the County of Nottingham, to the End Her Majesty may not be liable to any double Payment: For which this shall be your Warrant. Whitehall Treasury Chambers 21* August 1705.

GODOLPHIN.

To And' Rec*.

N° 27.

- ..AJaiJ

503

N# 37.

After our hearty Commendations. Whereas Her Majesty by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing date the 15th August 1709 hath given and granted unto my very good Lord John Duke of Newcastle free Licence and Liberty to make a Park in the Forest of Sherwood in the County of Nottingham, to contain at least 3,000 Acres of his own Land of Inheritance, and in consideration thereof, and of the said Duke's Extinguishing the Rent of such a quantity of his own Lands, and of finding and providing Hay and Pasture Ground not only for the Deer to be kept in the said Park but for those in the Forest also, and of paying all the Keepers both in the Park and the Forest their Yearly Wages, and defraying all other

Charges incident to both, hath also granted unto him the Fourteenth

said John Duke of Newcastle the Yearly Allowance Fee on

or Salary of £1,000 from Michaelmas 1707, in such ' "

Manner as is therein exprest: These are by virtue of the said Patents to pray and desire Your Lordship to make

and pass Debentures or draw an Order for paying unto

the said John Duke of Newcastle, or his Assigns, the

Sum of £ 1,000 for one Year due on the said Allowance

of £ 1,000 per Annum, at Michaelmas 1708; and let the same be satisfied out of any of Her Majesty's Treasure

or Revenue in the Receipt of the Exchequer applicable to the Uses of the Civil Government: For which this

shall be your Warrant. Whitehall Treasury Chambers

26 August 1709.

GODOLPHItt.

To Auditor Rec‘

5. August 1710>. Memorandum: — By several Warrants of these Dates, the Payment of the said

10. July - 1712 1 Allowance of £ 1,000 per Annum from the Exchequer was continued to the said

27. July - 1714 v John Duke of Newcastle and his Heirs unto the end of the Reign of Queen Anne,

13. April - 1725 the last Warrant being for the payment of £300. 13*. 8 ^d. mentioned to be a

6. May - 1726J Moiety of £ 601. 7 s.4 id. due on the said Allowance, for half a Year to Mid-

summer 1714, and for 37 Days from thence to the i*‘-of August following. Signed — R. Walpole — Geo. Dodington — W" Strickland.

Vol. 48.

N* 28.

Nr 28.

g

cq'

n

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

cS

ft

r§ r FI

fD M

P3

n O 3 *73 C O

ABSTRACT of Accounts of Woodsales, and of Timber felled for the Use of the Navy, within the Forest of Sherwood; and of the Disbursements made thereout, 1700 to the Year 1777, no Timber having been felled there since that Time; taken from the Accounts of the Surveyor* General, remaining in the Office of the Land Revenue.

from the Year Auditor of the

RECEIPTS.

Dates of Warrants.

2 March 1702.

8 March 1702. 4 August 1703.

7 May 1706. 14 February 1709.

16 October 1711. 7 August 1716.

21 June 1762. 4 May 1769. 3 February 1773.

i-9 Jauary 1774. 25 May 1775. 29 April 1777.

Produce of Timber and Wood cut within the Wood* of Birkland and Billhagh.

Money received of divers Persons by Sale of dotard and decayed Trees felled there, between the 2d March 1702 and the 24th July 1707 ....

Overplus Money of 10 Trees, allowed by the Lord Treasurer for re-building the Free School of Mansfield -Money received of divers Persons by Sale of Trees felled and grubb'd up in cutting a Riding through Birkland and Billhagh Woods ——

The like by Sale of Trees felled and grubb'd up in making a Riding from Thoursby House through Billhagh Wood By 931 Oak Trees, and some few Birch Trees, cut down on making a new Riding through Birkland Wood, and delivered to the Duke of Newcastle, pursuant to the Directions of this Warrant, valued at ——

Money received of divers Persons by the Sale of scar, dead, broken, and decayed Trees ——

The like by Sale of Trees blown down, broken, and shattered, or otherwise damaged by a Storm which happened on the 1st February 1714 ——

By Sale of Windfall Wood in the Year 1717 (disposed of by the Surveyor General by virtue of the Authority vested in him by his Patent, and without any special Warrant)

By 4 Oak Timber Trees, and One Oak Knee, containing 9 Loads and 16 Feet, delivered to the Purveyor of Woolwich Yard for the Service of the Navy - -

By Sale of £40 Oak Trees, with the Bark, Lops, and Tops By Sale of 20 Oak Cuttings £.48. 19. 9; and 6 Cords and 3 Feet of Cliff Wood £. 12. 15. - -

By 56 Loads 13 Feet of Oak l imber for the Use of the Navy ——

By Sale of 10,500 Pales £.31. 10. — 5 Coids and \ of Cliff Wood £.11. — 65 Stoops 16s. 3d. — 6 Loads of Birchwood £.3. Ii2. — 78 Cords of Wood £.31. 4; and Loads and an Half of Bark £.11. 5. ——

By 300 Loads of Oak Timber for the Use of the Navy By Sale of 3,000 Pales £. 9. — 10 Loads of decayed Timber £.15. — 300 Stoops £.3. 15. — 6 Cords of Cliff Wood £.12. — 140 Cords of Wood £. 49; and .31 Loads of Bark

£.77. 10....

By 117 Loads of Oak Timber for the Use of the Navy, Part of 300 Loads directed by the said Warrant to be

felled ....

By Sale of 13,000 Pales £. 39. — 80 Cords of Wood £.28. — 200 Stoops £.3; and 10 Loads of Bark £. 25.

By £00 Loads of Oak Timber for the Use of the Navy By Sale of £0,000 Pales £. 60.-1,200 Rails £.18.-360 Posts £. 14. — 200 Five Foots £. .3 — 144 Cords of Wood £. 50. 8; and 28 Loads of Bark £. 70. ——

Navy Timber

£. *. d.

17

14 1

106 17 10

670 ——

222 6 — 380 -

1,296 17 It

Woodsales.

£ s. <L

1,827 4 74

2 3 —

211 9 9

385 4 —

1,500 — —

1,187 1 3

850 —

18 11 —

1,250 —

61 14 9

89 7 3

166 5 —

95 —

215 8 —

7,859 8 7{

TOTALS.

£. c. d.

1,827 4

n

213 12 9

385 4 —

1,500 ——

1,187 1 3

850 -

18 11 —

17 14 1 1,311 14 9

196 5 1

.736 5 —

317 6 — 595 8 —

9,156 6 64

DISBURSEMENTS.

Expences of felling Trees, cutting Wood. ice. Survr Gen1'8 Allowance of 20s. per Day. Survr Genl'* Allowance for Deputies. Surveyor General's Poundage.'

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. d.

325 2 9J 99 12 12 — 91 7-

38 15 — 15 10 18 — 10 13 6

149 r 5J 30 12 2 — 19 5 —

81 19 10 13 — — 7 4 — -

280 5 5 84 540 59 7 -

180 56 320 — — 42 10 —

37 1 — 20 — — 490 8 — — 18 6

— 17 8

86 3 6 32 — — - 65 11 9

40 — 5 9 - 9 16 3

44 9 8 17 — — - 36 16 3

38 8. 4 15 - - - 15 17 3

56 7 10 15 . 29 15 —

1,358 i 405 1,393 4 — 382 15 2

treasury and Audi-for'sFees for Warrants, &c.

£. s. d. 16 13 4

12 13 4 14 13 4

16 13 4 31 16 10

26 10 —

21 7 6

19 5-29 13 —

26 8 —

26 8 —

26 8 — 26 8 —

294 17 8

Other Payments and Disbursements.

Paid to the Duke of Newcastle, Lord Warden, on an Allowance of £.366 per Ann. for Six. Keepers in the said Forest, and for Hay for the Deer, commencing at Mich* 1703 -

Paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer

Paid to the Lord Warden, on the said Allowance for Keepers, ice. for Half a Year, to Mich8 1707 -

Value of the said 931- Trees delivered to the Duke of Newcastle, as per Contra

Paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer -

Arrears of Salary due to Surveyor General

Paid to the Woodward of Birkland and Bilhagh, mentioned to be claimed us a customary AHowc« of £. 5. per Ann.

| 183 — —

| 1,500 ——

467 15 4

225 -

j* 19 11 8

For Works in Richmond New Paik

For on Express to stay the felling of the Timber directed by the said Warrant to be felled - -

L

£. s. <L ,089 S 9J

200 ——

1,107 19 31

2 11 9

4,795 — 10

TOTALS.

85 4 8

124 13 11

£. *. d.

> 1,833 17 111

87 19 10 408 7 9J

1,618 17 2 1,463 4 7

850 ——

589 6 8

20 2 8 1,321 7 6J

to

00

o

a.

o* .

98 5 4 *"*3

1*7 10 10

8,6*8 18 11

r

D

cq'

N

CD

Cl

cr

FOREST OF SHERWOOD.

9

00

Dr.

To MONIES expended in the Payment of Salaries to the Keepers of the said Forest, and in the Execution of Warrants for the Felling and Sale of Timber and Wood, and other Charges relative thereto, between the Years 1700 and 1786, viz.

An antient Allowance to the Lord Warden of the said Forest, of 9 L per Annum for the Wages or Salaries of Nine Foresters, paid out of a Fee Farm Rent of 10/. los. per Annum reserved for the Castle of Nottingham, in Charge of the Sheriff of the said County,

from the Year 1700 to 1786....

Monies paid to the Duke of Newcastle, Lord Warden of the said Forest, on an Allowance of 366 /. per Annum, to be paid to Six Keepers and their Deputies for their Salaries, and for Hay and Pasture Ground for the Deer there, commencing at Michaelmas 1703, pursuant to the Warrant in this Appendix, N* 25 -The Sum of 200 /. issued from the Exchequer to the said Duke of Newcastle towards the aforesaid Allowance of 366/. per Annum, for providing Hay and Pasture Ground for the Deer, and for Salaries to the Keepers, in lieu of the like Sum paid into the Exchequer by the Surveyor General, and thence issued to another Use, as appears by the Warrant in the Appendix, N° 26 ——

Monies paid to the said Duke of Newcastle and his Heirs, on a Yearly Allowance of 1,0001. in Consideration of his having made a Park in his own Lands in the said Forest, and of providing Hay for the Deer, and paying the Keepers both in the said Park and Forest, commencing at Michaelmas 1707, and ending the 1st of August 1714, being Six Years, Three Quarters, and 37 Days, in pursuance of the several Warrants mentioned in the Appendix, N° 27 ——

£. «. d.

774 ——

1,272 2 9j 200 — —

6,851 7 4i

To the Value of 931 Oak Trees, and some few Birch Trees, cut down on making a Riding through Birkland Wood, and delivered to the Duke of Newcastle pursuant to a Warrant, dated 14 February 1709 Expenses incurred in the viewing, setting out, marking, felling, and selling the Timber and Wood, within the Period above mentioned, as by the preceding Account appears -Fees paid at the Treasury for Warrants and Entries, ana to the Auditor for stating and ingrossing the Accounts, and Allowance to the Surveyor General for his Charges in passing the same through the several Offices -Pfcid Mr. James Farrer for sending an Express, by the Direction of the Lords of the Treasury, to the Deputy Surveyor in the said Forest, to cause the Execution of their Warrant of 25 May 1775, for felling 300 Loads of Timber there, for the Use of the Navy, to be stayed ....

Surveybr General's Allowance of 20 s. per Day, for his Service, Attendance, and Riding Charges in the Execution of the said Warrants ....

Surveyor General's Poundage on Monies received, at 12 d. per Pound - -

Allowances to the Surveyor General for Deputies in the said Forest, as by the preceding Account appears ——

A Customary Allowance to the Surveyor General for One Deputy for taking Care of the Woods North of Trent, at 4 s. per Day (Sundays excepted) being 62 I. 12 s. per Annum, allowed in the Accounts of the Surveyor General for New Forest, from the Year 1732 to 1786 inclusive, the Sum of - -

Salary of acting Deputy in the said Forest, at 20/. per Annum, allowed in the Accounts of the Surveyor General for Dean Forest, from Lady Day 1768 to Lady Day 1786 inclusive, the Sum of ----- ----- ..

1,358 1 3

294 17 8

2 11

405

382 15 3

1,393 + —

3,38o 8 —

360 —

£. s. d.

Cr.

By the PRODUCE of Timber felled for the Use of the Navy and Monies arising by the Sale of Timber and Wood within the said Forest, between the Years 1700 and 1786, viz.

Naw f Navy so the Value for 682 Loads and 29 feet of Oak Timber felled Timber \ *n sa^ ^oreit> an(* delivered to the Purveyor of the Navy, at 1 L 18 s. I per Load, as by the preceding Account appears -

9,097 10 2}

1,500 ——

1,655 10 8

Paid to the Woodward of Birkland and Bilhagh, said to be claimed by him as a Customary Allowance, at 5 /. per Annum, from the 17th July 1716 to 18th July 1720

5,921 7 2

19 11 8

18,193 19

81

{By Sale of divers Quantities of dotard and decayed Trees felled in the said Forest, with the Bark, Lops, and Tops thereof, and of Cliff and Cord Wood, Stoops, Posts, Pales, Rails, &c. within the Period of this Account -

By the Value of 931 Oak Trees, and some few Birch Trees, cut down in making a Riding through Birkland Wood, and delivered to the Duke of Newcastle, pursuant to a Warrant dated 14 February 1709, as by the preceding Account appears -

£ s. d.

6.359 8 71

1,500 ——

£. I. d.

1,396 17 11

CP

CO

o

W

o

7.859 87*

9,156 6 6 £

*0

00

9

a

3.

Expences incident to the Forest exceeding the Monies received therefrom

s

Cjt

A. 1793.

506 28s Martii.

Fourteenth Report on Land Revenue.

' ~ ' N* 29.

To the Right Hon6" the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

May it please Yor Lordships,

In obedience to a Warrant under the Hand of the most Noble Evelin Duke of Kingston directed to us whose hands are hereto subscribed, His Majesty's Verderers for the Forest of Shirwood in the County of Nottingham, in the Form following (FORASMUCH as I Evelin Marquesse of Dorchester Chief Justice and Justice in Eyre of all His Majesty's Forests &c. Trent North have received Information that by a late dreadful Tempest of Wind which happened the beginning of February last many hundreds of His Majesty's Trees in the Forest of Shirwood are blown down, and many others there much damp-nifyed, I doe hereby order and direct that the Verderers of the said Forest do immediately view number and value such Trees as are blown down, and cause an account thereof fairly to be written and transmitted to me under their hands, with a like account of the Trees so dampnifyed, that by reason of the damage so done them ought to be taken down, To the etad I may lay a full account before His Majesty, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, that due care may be taken thereof: Given under my hand this first day of April Anno Domini 1715) We did make Return as followeth FIRST We found Four hundred Twenty Seven Oak Trees, and the major part of such Trees blown down or broken nigh the Bottom the Timber part of which (to be separated by the Buyer where marked) and Bark which if taken now will pill, We are of opinion may be sold for one Thousand Eighty Two Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence: SECOND And the Cord-wood arising from the Roots and Tops of them, when separated as before; and from the damaged and other standing Trees, and about Thirty Five Birch Trees eradicated, We judge may be sold uncut, for Four, hundred thirty Eight Pounds Four Shillings and Six Pence: THIRD We have likewise valued the damaged Trees (including the standing parts of such as were blown down and numbered in the first Article) and find there Eight hundred and three Trees, and Stumps of those Trees will further decay if not cut down (which without their blown down Tops, comprised in the second Article) We judge may be sold standing for Nine hundred Fifty Two Pounds Eight Shillings and Two Pence; Together Two Thousand Four hundred Seventy three Pounds Nine Shillings and Four Pence: And since the said Return made, and no orders from Your Lordships, or Commission under the Exchequer Seal being produced to us, or either of us, touching the Sale or working up of the said Wood, and understanding that several Pillers and Cutters of Cordwood, together with Colliers for converting the Cordwood into Charcoal, were at work upon the same, We the underwritten Verderers, as in duty bound, did interrogate the Woodward 'Charles Pawson, and the Master Workman, by what Authority he and they were barking and cutting up the said Windfall Trees, who replied by order from Thomas Hewett Esq'. Surveyor of His Majesty's Forests Trent North, given in a Letter to Samuel Strutt Servant to the said Mr. Hewett. — Not judging that an answer sufficient, wished him to write to the said Surveyor for a more plain account, and such an one as by the Forest Laws We could record in our Rolls, and to bring the same to the next Attachment Court, the nine-

teenth day of May last past, which the said Master Workman promised; but did not then appear, or send the sai<t Authority; whereupon in Favour of the said Master Workman, the said Court was further adjourned to the Twenty Fourth day of the said Month of May, at which day the said Master Workman appeared, but either had- no further Authority, or refused to produce it; But afterwards, upon a yet further adjournment of the said Court vie*, on the Twenty ninth day of the said Month of May, the said Samuel Strutt, and not the said Master Workman, appeared, and produced a Letter from the said Surveyor Generali, to the said Samuel Strutt, to the purporj: following (By directions from the Lords of the Treasury I order You to set on Workmen, and to assist Charles Pawson in barking and working up the Windfall Trees in Birkland and Bilbay, and for Your so doing this shall be Your sufficient Warrant) which Letter We humbly conceive not to be a sufficient Authority to the said Pawson, or any other Persons for so doing (no such Treasury Order appearing) And being in duty bound, by virtue of Our Offices, not to suffer any Wood to be cut, broken, and worked np, to any other than His Majesty's use, without a sufficient Authority from Your Lordships, or Commission as aforesaid, for so doing, We judged ourselves obliged to lay the State of this affair before Yor Lordships and to beg Your directions what Your Lordships are pleased to have done in the disposal of the said Wood for till such directions We apprehend ourselves obliged to put a Stop to the working up and carrying away the remainder of the same not only as being an improper Time? of the Year (no Persons being suffered to come within the Woods of the said Forest during the Fence Month) But also for the Preservation of His Majesty's just Rights, which We apprehend cannot be more effectually done than by following the antient Methods practised in the Crown Wood Sales. GIVEN under our hands at Mansfield Woodhouse the 1st day of June, in the second Year of King George's Reign, Annoq' Domini 1716.

J. DIGBY.

JN\ NEALE J. CHAPPELL.

After our hearty Commendations. WHEREAS upon the Information that Was given concerning the great destruction and damage which fell on the Woods belonging to the Crown within the Forest of Sherwood in the County of Notts, in the violent Storm, that happened the 1st of Febry 1714, You was directed to examine and report the numbers and value not only of the Trees that were actually blown down, but also of all other Trees as by reason of their being broke, shattered or otherwise damaged were fitt to be cut down; and being of opinion that the whole be sold for his Ma" Service with all convenient Speed, These are to authorise, direct and require You with the Assistance of such his Ma1* Officers of the said fforest as are used to assist at the felling of Wood, or the making Sale thereof, within the said fforest, to cause y* sd entire Parcell of Windfall Timber and Wood to be sold, by making an open Publication of the Time or Times of selling thereof, and dividing the same into Lotts and Parcells, and proceeding therein in such other manner and upon such Terms, as You shall judge may best conduce to his Ma" Profit and Advantage: Also with the assistance of the same Officers You are further authorised and required to fell and cutt down, or cause to be marked felled and cutt down, all and every the said damaged Trees

and

and in the like manner and method, to sell of cause y® same to be sold with the Bark, Lopps, Topps, and Offal Wood thereof; and you are to receive, for His Majesty's use and account, the money that shall arise by ye said Sales and every of them, and to account for Your actings and doings herein upon Oath, before the Auditor of His Majesty's Land Revenue within ye s* County on or before Xmas 1717, and for so doing this being first entred with the said Auditor shall be, not only to You, but also to all others herein concerned

a sufficient Warr* Whitehall Treafy Chambers y® Aug* 1716.

R. WALPOLE.

WILL. ST QUINTIN. TORRINGTON.

-th Fourteenth Report on Land Revenue.

To our very loving ffreind Thomas Hewet, Esqr. late Survr Gen1 of all his Ma" Woods on the North and South Sides of Trent.

N* 30.

SHERWOOD FORREST

in the County of NORTH SIDE TRENT.

NOTTINGHAM.

THE ACCOMPT of John Thornhagh Esquire Executor of Saint Andrew Thomhagh Equire Deced who was Executor of Thomas Hewett Esquire (afterwards Sir Thomas Hewett Knight) deced late Surveyor General of his late Majesty's Woods on the North Side Trent of sundry Wood sales by him made of all such Trees as were not only blown down but broken and shattered or otherwise damaged by a violent Storm which happened in the said Forest on the first day of February 1714 by virtue of a Warrant from the Right Honble the Lords Comissioners of his said late Majesty's Treasury bearing date Seventeenth day of August 1716, that is to say, as well of all such Sum and Sums of Money as this Accomptant hath had and received at several Times from divers Persons by the Sales of such blown down broken and shattered or otherwise damaged Trees in the said Forrest as of all Monies by him issued and paid to sundry Persons and Workmen for diverse Services and sorts of Work by them done and performed in the said Forest And also of his allowances for Fees Travelling and other incident charges and expences in and about the Execution of the said Warrant as hereafter followeth.

That is to say

The said Accomptant is charged with

{Arrears This being the First Acco' for this Service — None. But he is charged with Moneye received of diverse Persons raised by Sale of Trees blown down broken and shattered, or otherwise damaged, valued and sold in the said Forrest, pursuant to the Warrant above menconed, amounting in the whole to the Sum of ——

Against which

The said Accomptant is allowed for

xx £ *

Ciiijx. x

The said Accomptant humbly craves Allowance of several Sums of Money, as well for Arrears of Patent Salary; as for Fees and other Customary Allowances due to the said Sir Thomas Hewett, his Deputy, and diverse other Persons for their respective Services and Attendance, about the execution of the beforemenconed Warrant, within the Time of this Accompt, as also for Travelling Charges, and other disbursements in pursuance of the same: viz*.

For Arrears of a Patent Salary of 1. pr Ann. due to the said' Sr Thomas Hewett allowed by virtue of the said Warrant, dated the xj,h day of February, 1745, amounting to the Sum of -

CCxxv.

To

Fees paid at the Treasury for several War-' rants and entering the same with the Auditor, as also Fees paid at the Exchequer, and other Expences allowed by virtue of a Warrant from the Right Honble the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury bearing date the Eleventh day of February 1745, amounting to the Sum of ——

Money paid to divers Persons for felling Wood,' cutting Cordwood and attending and assisting at the valuation of the said Wood and for sundry other Works and necessary Expences allowed by virtue of the Warrant last above menconed - -

£. s. x. x.

xx £.

Ciiij

j

'ids:.

.508

Fourteenth Report on Land Revenue.

DISCHARGE

viz*

28

To the said Accomptant for the Service At-'' tendance and Riding Charges' of the said Sir Thomas Hewett about the Execution of the said Warrant being upon the same lvj days at xx* p day allowed by virtue of the said Warrant dated the xj,h day of February 1745 amounting to the Sum of -

More for his Poundage of the aforesaid Sum'

of viij. L being the neat Money received on this Accompt, at xij* in the Pound being an antient and usual Allowance, comes to

To a Deputy for his Service and constant Attendance, in Sherwood Forest about the

Execution of the said Warrant being upon

c

the same viij days at iiij*. pr. day allowed by virtue of the said Warrant dated the xj,h day of February 1745 amounting to -

More to another Deputy for the same Time, and at the same Rate, allowed by virtue of the before menconed Warr* -

lvj-

£. s.

xlij. x.

Clx.

Clx.

A. 1793.

xx £. iiij. xyiij. x.

CCCxx.

And for Fees paid the Auditor for his Care and Pains in' stating, drawing, and engrossing this Accompt for declaration the Sum of ——

And Lastly to the Accomptant, being a constant Allowance] for his Charges and Expences in passing this Account thro' > the several Offices, the Sum of - - - J

vj

x.

All which said several Sums of Money, paid disbursed and allowed as aforesaid amount in the whole to the Sum of -

c £.

viiij.l.

And then the said Accomptant upon the End and! pvFN' Determination of this Accompt is - - -J

Ex* xxv® die February 1745. p C.. Shelley. And.

Declarator 27° die Martij 1746 PELHAM.

33 Geo. III.

28° Marts.

509

Fourteenth Report on Land Revenue,

ft* 3*.

Extract from a pap er intituled

u COM' NOTTINGHM A BREUIAT of the Survey of his Mats Woods & Tymber in the said '

Countie."

Indorsed

" NOTTINGHA. Woods Surveyed by Sir Jo. Bentley Kt. John Whitehall Will. Deane 13 Dec. 1608*."

Birkland Wood

d

Sherwoo Forrest

Billowe haye Wood

Sorts. Number. Value. To be spafed. Word).

Tymber Okes - 11,400 £. 7,600

Okies not Tymber - 9,600 3.200

Underwoods 000 000

The Total of both! Tymber & decayed/ 21,000 10,800

Tymber Trees - 11,700 VI 00 8 % 0 0

Okes not Tymber - 17,200 £. s. 5,733 6 8

Underwoods 000 000

The Totall both of"! Tymber & decayed j < 28,900 £. s. d. 13,533 6 8

In a Collection of Papers of Sir Julius Casar, Knt, Chancellor of the Exchequer in the Reign of King James the First, lent to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue by William Morton Pill, Esquire, 1792.

Vol. 48.

6 O

28° Martii,

A. 1793.

Fourteenth Report on Land Revenue,

t fas

Mr. Guy's Lre wth an Account of the Tymber in Sherwood Fores %

S'.

N# 32.

MY Ld Trear coraSnds me to send you the inclosed Account of y* Tymber in Sherwood Forest, & to acquaint you that the Bearers hereof are the two persons who were in that Forest when Mr Presland was there, and are able to answfear such questions as you shall aske them, in order to yor makeing yof Report upon the Papers w*h his Lop gave you this Morning.

lam

Sir

Yor humble Servant

Treary. Chambers Hen. Guy.

30 Sept. 1686.

Peter Brunstfen, Calker of Deptford, & John Bowyer Pur*eyor their Estimate upon a View in Octr 1680, qent me in yc prceeding Lre of flr Guy's, by them twa

For John Fisher.

R* Honob,e

Here is Account of the Timber in y* Forest of Sherewood.

the Wood

ef

Birkland.

the Wood]

of

Bilhav.

Both

CO <u s . s-S Ul B-a cm a c c c S § 0. % jj« S S «o 0 3 u 0 il. S u If c ‘5 s* 1* \ Values p tunn.

I 1 s. $ U 'o 2,964 1,518 £. 2,964 S. d.

260 20 1,070 r These Tree* for y* Country's use are very frow & shaken. 4

14Q 18 826 )

16 4,999 5,9°5 Course dead Knots and frow - 4,724 - '

12 5,621 /Young thriving Trees, but many shaken, what"! / prove clear will make a inch Plank - -/ 2,234 12 —

923 hollow decayed Trees q* 346 Cords, at) 3*. p CordJ 51 18 —

3,662 Load of Wood in y* topps at 3 p Load - 549 6 —

<2,365 load of Barke at 6 s. p load - 709 10 —

400 mmT rr 12,516 14,278 I 1 rrT~1 r ' 12,699 10

s. i,705 4,803

' 34P 2Q 474 .*70$ [ Tkw*. Tuw for y' CqMf try uses frow & shaken. 6

> §6q 1$ 2,735 5.-337 11 T7 — mitt -w-t V

14 8,060 8,904 /Course & shaken, foil of dead Knotts by oft) L lopping J 6,232 16 —

12 2,811 t 6,680 f Young thriving Trees but many shaken, what of j J ye biggest may prove clear of shakes, will make / goods inch plank - - - - -J 4,008 — —

Cord 2,797 hollow & dec- trees q* 1,149 at 3$. p Cord 172 7 —

- 5,422 Cords in ye topps at 3 p Cord 813 6 —

2,863 Loads of Bark at 6 p load - 858 18 —

1,000 — 20,080 fals 22,626 18,593 13

1,400 < — 32,596 36,904 The totall of Birkland & Bilhay 31,293 3 1

100l.

As to the quantity'of Tymber that may befitting for his Mat'Shipping & equall to pay the charge of Fourteenth Report Land & Water Carriage to his Ma‘s Yards, Deptford, Woolw'4 or Chatham, wtk other contingent charges, °" Land i<*vtnue'/ as felling sawing, & converting y* same for proper uses, our opinion is in felling 5,000 of the best trees there may prove 1,400 of them sound, White, and good, and may be fit for 4, 3, or 2 inch Plank, thick stuff or middle or upper Deck Beames for 24 or 3'' rate Ships.

( Felling p tree The Charge of Con- I Squaring p load -

version Land and \ Land Carryage to Stockworth \ ,

Water Carriage. I Water Carriage to his Mat*. Yard/P ( Sawing in plank at 3s p Cd foot -

L s. d.

00 0 9

00 1 6

00 12 0

- 00 *7 0

00 3 0

£. 1 14 3

May it please yor Lop

I have pused the LrSs (hereunto annexed) of Mr Presland a late Purveyo1 of the Navy, & of Mf Corbin Surveyor Generali of his Mat* Woods beyond Trent, touching the Birchwood & decaying Oakes fit to be fallen in Sherewood Forest, delivered me yesterday by yor Lop togeather wtfc an Estimate of all y® Oake Wood and Timber within the said Forest, sent afterwards by Mc Guy, and brought to me by Peter Brunsden, Calker of Deptford, and John Bowyer, a p'sent Purveyor of y® Navy, taken by Mr Presland and them in 1680, and have confer'd w,h them, who I find to be well Skill'd in Wood and Timber, & pticularly acquainted w,h all the Woods in this Forest; And upon consideration of the whole matter, do think that it is for his Mat* Service to have the decaying Wood and Trees as are unfit for the use of the Navy to be taken down, and sold for his Mat* best advantage, and that the longer they stand the worse they grow, and wilbe of less value every Year: But that there may be (as Mr Presland's LrS expresses) 2,000l. a Year, for eight Years, raised of such, I make great question, for by their own Estimate this is more than half the Value of all the Timber, Wood, tops, and Bark, that was judged to be in the whole Forest before the hundred Oakes felled last Aprill, for the repair of the two neighbouring Churches, and what may have been fallen in these last six yeares, since that Estimate made; and I am likewise of Mr Corbin's Opinion (for the reasons express'd in his LrS of the 27"* past) that the Country will hardly take off 2,000l. worth yearly; And therefore I humbly conceive it necessary that by yor Lop‘ direction a speedy view and estimate be made by the said Surveyor of the Woods togeather wth a purveyo, of y® Navy, and some of the Verderors or other Officers of the Forest, of the psent most decaying trees as well Birch as Oake, and-to have them certainly numbred & marked, and their quantity and value set downe in writeing, togeather with the names of the places where they now stand; and upon the Returne of a Certificate thereof ufid* their hands and seales to yor Lop with their Opinions how much & to what value it may be judged by them the Country may take off in this ensueing year, (w*h may be a president for the future) yor Lop may be pleased thereupon to give Warrant for the fall & Sale of so much as shalbe thus thought expedient for his Ma" Service; And an Account thereof to be made upon Oath by the said Surveyoror such Person as yor Lor shall please to entrust therein, according to the usual course in that behalf. All wch I most humbly submit to yor LoP5 Wisdom.

John Fisher im* Oct: 1686.

A true Copy of the Entry in the Office of His Majesty's Surveyor General.

Wm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

Land Revenue Office, Scotland Yard, March 28th, 1793.

Chet Middleton, Jn° Call.

John Fordy

512 28° Marta. A. 1793.

Fifteenth Report To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, And Burgesses,

>n Land Revenue; in Parliament assembled.

The Fifteenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents;

The Forest of Waltham, which comprizes the Two extensive Tracts of Land, commonly called Forest, and Henault Forest, is situated in the South West Part of the County of Essex, and adjoins the Counties of Middlesex and Hertford.

This Forest was formerly called The Forest of Essex, being the only Forest in that County, and antiently comprehended almost the Whole of it. By a Charter

or Grant of King John, dated 25th March, in the Appendix, 5th Year of his Reign, and confirmed in the 8th of Vi. ' Edward the Fourth, all that Part of the Forest which lay to the North of the Highway from Stortford to Colchester (very distant from the present Boundaries) was disafforested. The Forest was farther reduced by a Perambulation made in the 29th of Edward the First, 29 Edw. 1. in pursuance of the Charta de Fore But the Metes in the Tower, and Bounds of it were finally settled, by an Inquisition and Perambulation taken on the 8th September 1640, by virtue of a Commission under the Great Seal of England, in pursuance of the Act of the 16th of Charles the First, Q^ha* for settling the Bounds of the Forests. ap*

The Boundaries fixed by that Perambulation, of which a Copy is inserted in the Appendix, comprehend Twelve Appendix, Parishes lying wholly within the Forest, and Parts of a-Nine other Parishes, which are situated partly within and partly without the Forest; viz

Parishes wholly within the Forest.

Wans lead Layton Walthamstow Woodford Laughton Chigwell Lambourn

StapleJord-Abbots

Waltham Holy-Cross

Epping

Hasing

Chinkford.

Parishes partly tritbin the Forest.

Stratford

East Ham

West Ham

Little-Ilford

Great-Ilford

Barking

Dagenham

Navestock

Thcydon-Bois.

We found in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands an antient Plan or Draught of the Forest, delineating the Bounds according to the Perambulation in the 17th of Charles the First, and the Nine Walks into which it was then divided; but not distinguishing the Open from the Inclosed Lands, or the private Property from that of the Crown, nor describing the Contents of either: We have, therefore, endeavoured to form an Estimate of its general Contents, from the Map of the County of Essex, published in the Year 1777, from & Survey taken a few Years before, in which the Bounds of the Forest, and the Division between the Open and Inclosed Lands, are described. According to a Computation made from that Survey, the Forest contains, in all, about 60,000 Statute Acres, of which about 48,000 Acres are the estimated Contents of inclosed private Property, and the remaining 12,000 Acres, the Amount of the uninclosed Woods and Wastes.

The Lands which belong to the Crown in this Forest, exclusive of some detached Parts granted by Lease, are situated in the Part called Henault Forest, or more properly East and West Henault Walks, and lie

within the Parishes of Barking and Dagenham. They were formerly Part of the Possessions of the Abbey of Barking, and came to the Crown by virtue of the Acts of Parliament for the Suppression of Religious Houses, in the Reign of Henry the Eighth; they are now distinguished from the rest of the Forest Lands by the general Appellation of the King's Forest, or the King's but particular Parts of the Lands are called by other Names, most of which are still the same as are mentioned in Two old Surveys, made in the 36th of Henry the Eighth, and 1 st of James the First, Copies of which are inserted in the Appendix. This Circumstance Appendix, clearly ascertains the Identity of the Lands; and though 3 there is a Difference in the Number of Acres, that we apprehend to be occasioned by the Difference between the Statute Measure and the Measures antiently used in surveying Lands in the Forests, which were different in Appendix t< different Forests, and all of them greatly exceeding the 14^boReiK,rt Statute Measure. ia*

We have caused a Survey to be taken of these Lands, which are delineated in the Plan delivered with this Report, and comprize the following Particulars and Quantities; viz.

Statute Measure.

A large Tract of uninclosed Woodland, called the King's Forest or King's a. h. p.

Woods, interspersed with several Open Plains, and containing - - 2,939 2 38

A Lodge, called Chapel Lodge, and Lands inclosed therewith, lately occupied

by the Keeper of the Walk, but now let as a Farm - - - -130 22

Another Lodge, called Hog-Hill House, with Three small Inclosures, now occupied by One of the Keepers - - - - - 72 24

And Twp small Incroachments, containing - - - - 4118

Total of the Lands now called the King's Forest - - 3,079 1 2

Adjoining

j

28° Martil

Appendix* N° 4.

Vide ExamU nation of John Fuller, infra.

Appendix,

N# 5.

513

Brought forward - -

Adjoining to these is a small Farm called Fence Piece Farm, inclosed from the King's Woods in the Reign of Charles II, and granted for the Maintenance of a Curate, to officiate in a Chapel of Ease to the Parish of Barking; but that Chapel being suffered to go to Decay, towards the End or the last Century, the Lauds have since been demised as Part of the Crown Land Revenue ——

There are Two detached Parcels of Waste Land within the Forest, be-« longing to the Crown, but situated at some Distance from what are called the King's Woods; one of them, called Green, or Cuttle-

mass Green, containing -

And the other called Chadwdl Heath, containing -

And there are Two small Pieces of Land in Layton Marsh, the Rent of which is received by the Keeper of Layton Walk, and which are considered to belong to die Crown -

a* a. v.

3,679 1 2

57 — 3*

101 — .6

40 2 36

— 2 6

Fifteenth Report on Land Revenue.

Total, comprized in the Plan - 3,278 3 2

We have not met with any Proof of the Crown being entitled to any other Lands within the Forest than those comprehended in the foregoing Statement, except such as are held under Leases from the Crown, and are included in the Schedule annexed to our First Report, as Part of the demised Land Revenue.

The Crown has in this, as in other Forests, an unlimited Right to keep Deer in all the uninclosed Woods and Wastes within the Perambulation, unless some Parts have been disafforested by Grants which have not come to our Knowledge; and the Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the Bounds of the Forest have a Right of Common of Pasture for Horses and Cows, no''other Cattle being Commonable in the Forest Those within the Parishes of Lamborne, Chigwell, Barking, and Dagenham, and at Woodford. Bridge, within the Parish of Woodford, turn into the Part called Henault . The Cattle are sent in as early in the Spring, and remain as late in the Winter, as the Owners choose, but the Forest is constantly cleared of them during the Fence Month. The Cattle are marked by the Reeves of the respective Parishes, with a particular Forest Mark for each Parish; and we are informed that the general Rule has been to admit One Horse or Two Cows for every £.4 of Annual Rent; but that, in some Instances, the Reeves have marked Cattle in Proportion to the Value of newly erected'Houses, which we conceive to be an Infringement of the Rights of Common appertaining to antient Messuages and Lands, as well as of the Rights of the Crown, by surcharging the Forest

The Custody or Wardenship of this Forest was

Wanted by the Crown in Perpetuity, at a very early eriod,. as appears by the annexed Copy, from the Records in the Tower, of an antient Grant to Richard

deMunfchet and his Heirs, without Date, but supposed to be of the Reign of Henry the Second. In the Time of Edward the Third* the Office was held by the Family of De Vere, Earls of Oxford, and conti- pat. 3+> jy*. jj nued in that Family till the 12th of Henry the p. 2. m. 20. in the Eighth, when John Earl of Oxford, by an Instrument Tower, under his Hand and Seal* reciting, " That he was Appendix, N° 6. " seized in Fee of the Office of Keeper and Steward " of the Forest commonly called Waltham Forest, to " which belonged the Appointment of a Lieutenant,

" One Riding Forester, and Three Yeomen Foresters, in the Three Bailiwicks of the Forest; and that the King delighted in that Forest for Recreation " and Hunting, before all other Forests, Parks, and " Chases in his Realm," therefore the said Earl

ganted to the King the Power of appointing those fficers during his Majesty's Life.

Though this Deed or Instrument was merely a Relinquishment of the Power of appointing the Forest Officers during the King's Life, and we have not found the least Trace of any other Grant or Surrender of it to the Crown, the Forest appears to have continued in the Hands of the Crown until the 1st of James the Appendix, N° 7. First, when the Wardenship was restored, and granted to Edward Earl of Oxford (the Heir Male of the said John Earl of Oxford) his Heirs and Assigns, for ever.

In the 2d of Charles the First, on the Death of Henry Earl of Oxford without Issue Male, that Office devolved to Robert Earl of Lindsey, and was afterwards-purchased by an Ancestor of the late Earl from whom it descended to Sir James Tylney Long, Baronet, the present Possessor.

For many Years past, the Forest has contained Ten Walks, what was formerly called Laughton Walk having been divided into Two, called Loughton and Lambourn Walks. The Names of the Walks are,

Layton and Wanstead Walk, Walthamstow - Woodford Walk,

New Lodge Walk Chinkford Walk,

Epping Walk, Loughton Walk, Lambourn Walk, West-Henault Walk, East-Henault Walk.

The Forest is under the Government and Superintendance of the following Officers; namely,

A Warden -

Deputy Warden, or Lieutenant -Riding Forester -

Purlieu Ranger

Four Verderors -

Steward -

King's Woodward -

Four Under Purlieu Rangers

Beadle - -

Vol. 48.

- Sir James Tylney Long, Baronet

- Sir John Henniker, Baronet.

- Vacant.

- Sir William Smyth, Baronet. Richard Lockwood, Esquire.

Late Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire* John Conyers, Esquire.

Eliah Harvey, Esquire.

- John Skirrow, Esquire,

- Richard

\ Elisha Gray, Richard Hould,

\---- Wood, Thomas Hatherill.

- Richard Hould.

6 P

MASTER

t

28° Martii. A. 1793.

Fifteenth Report on Land Revenue.

MASTER KEEPERS, and Under Keepers, of the Ten Walks.

Walks.

Layton and Wans Walk

Walthamstow Walk -

Woodford Wilk - -

New Lodge Walk - - - -Chinkford Walk - - - -Epping Walk -Lough ton Walk -

Lambourn Walk - - - -West-Henault -

East-Henault Walk -

Master Keepers.

Thomas Grosvenor, Esquire

Samuel Bosanqwet, Esquire

William Southby, Esquire

Francis Moyer John Conyers, Esquire

James Langston, Esquire Job Mathew, Esquire Donald Cameron, Esquire Samuel Pole, Esquire

Under Keepers.

Richard John Lower. James Hyde. William Burrell. William Deakins. James Court. Thomas Hatherill. Richard Corderay. William Hill. Elisha Gray.

The Verderors are elected, in the usual Manner, by the Ranger Woodward Under Keepers, , and Under the Freeholders of the County. All the other Officers Rangers, paid at the Exchequer, amounting to are appointed by the Warden, except the Under Pur- £. 233. 105. These were continued as separate Pay-lieu Rangers, and Under Keepers, who are appointed ments until the Year 1703, when they were consoli-by the Ranger and the respective Master Keepers. dated, and ordered to be paid at the Exchequer, out

There was formerly paid to the Three Yeomen of the Civil List Revenue; and they have ever since Foresters, as Masters of the several Walks in the been issued from that Fund to the Warden, to be paid Forest, a Fee or Salary of £. 36. 10 s. per Annum over to the Officers of the Forest, according to the ,. being £.12. 3$. 4 d.to each, which was paid in the following Distribution; viz.

Office of Treasurer of the Chamber; and Salaries to,

To the Chief Ranger -' -

To the Woodward and Keeper of the Woods in Chapel Henault Walk To the Under Keeper of Walthamstow Walk -

D° - - - of Leighton, Wallwood, and Ham Frith

I>° - - - of Loughton Walk -

D* ----- of Woodford Walk ----- D® ----- of New Lodge Walk

D* ----- of Lambourn Walk - -

D* - - - of Chinkford Walk -

D® - - - of Epping Walk -

D° - - - - of East-Henault Walk -

D° ----- of West-Henault Walk -

To the Four Under Purlieu Keepers of the said Forest

£. 10 — —

20 -

20 — —

20 ——

20 ——

20 ——

20 ——

20 ——

20 — , —

20 ——

20 ——

20 ——

40 ——

£. 270 -

Though the Warden now appoints the Woodward of the King's Woods, we apprehend that the Appointment of the Woodward belongs, of Right to the Crown.

6 October, When that Office became vacant, in the 5th of 5 Ja. I. James the First, Four Years after the Wardenship was restored to the Earl of Oxford, it was granted, by Appendix, Letters Patent, to Robert Barefoot, for Life. A rever-N® 9* sionary Grant of the same Office, was afterwards made by King James, to John Holmes, and Holmes,

a8 Jan. for their Lives: And, at a Justice Seat for this Forest,

5 Ja* I. in the loth of Charles the First, the Office was

held by Gerson Holmes, who claimed it by virtue of that Grant.

Had the Right of appointing the "Woodward belonged to the Warden, it is hardly to be imagined that it would not have been exercised by the Earl of Oxford, on the First Vacancy that happened after his Restoration to the Wardenship; nor is it likely that it would have been omitted to be mentioned in the Claims preferred by the Warden at the Justice Seats held in the n oth of Charles the First, and 2 2d of Charles the Second. There is not, however, any Mention of the Woodwardship in either of those Claims, though the Rights and Privileges of the Warden are stated in them very minutely, and the Appointments of the other Officers of the Forest in his Nomination are particularly specified.

It is observable, also, that in every other Forest the Woodward of the King's Woods is appointed by the Crown; and we humbly conceive, that the Appointment of a Woodward by any other than the Proprietor of the Woods is incompatible with the Nature of the Office; for the Woodward.being entrusted with 9

the Care and Management of the Woods and Timber, must necessarily receive Jiis Authority from the Owner, and be accountable to him. Under the anlient Forest Manwood, Laws, the Office of Woodward was forfeited if he Pa'39»* destroyed, or suffered to be destroyed, the Woods committed to his Care.

The Practice of the Warden of this Forest appointing the Woodward may, perhaps, have arisen from. that of issuing the Woodward's Salary from the Exchequer to the Warden, with those of the Keepers;, which was probably done merely to avoid the Trouble and Expence of a separate Quarterly Warrant The Forest of Whittlewood furnishes a similar Example of sthRepoit a Woodward's Salary having been issued to the War-.Pa. 10. den, to be paid over to the Woodward, though that Officer is appointed by Letters Patent from the Crown.

The Late Woodward, Mr. John Fuller, who re- Appendix, signed that Office in August 1791, informed us, that N° 10. he was appointed Woodward, by the Warden, about Fourteen Years before; and that, some Time afterwards, he was appointed fby John Pitt, Esquire, late Surveyor General of the Woods, to be his Deputy in this Forest, and had a Marking-Hammer delivered to him by Mr. Pitt, for marking Trees that might be felled for His Majesty's Use, or any that might be cut down without Authority. We are informed by Mr. Skirrow, Steward of the Forest Courts, that, after Appendix, Mr'. Fuller's Resignation, Richard Hauld (Keeper of N#n. Winstead and Layton Walk, Beadle of the Forest, and One of the Under Purlieu Rangers) was appointed Woodward, by Sir James Tylney Long, " by Delivery " of the Forest Hammer to himBut the Hammer having been delivered to Fuller by the Surveyor

General

n May )5 Ja. I.

Appendix, K° 12.

Appendix, ft* 13 A. N° 13 B.

Appendix, N 14.

f N° 20.

Appendix, N° 15.

General of the Woods, we conceive it ought to have Mr. Fuwho made up the Fences* and plowed Fifteenth Report been returned to that Officer, to be delivered to such the Lands. The Rent he paid was Forty Guineas a 0,1 Land Revenue.

other Person as he might think fit, to appoint his Year; and he was allowed 8po Faggots Annually* v ----- ----- ----- ----- *

Deputy. - for Fuel, out of the King's Woods, by the Order

There is a House called The Prison House, in Strut- of Sir James Long. This, he Bays, was the

ford-Langthorne, for the Custody of Offenders within First Time that the Lands, were rented, or that this Al-the Forest. This Prison the Warden is authorized to lowance of Wood was assigned to the Occupier of them.-keep, by virtue of a Grant from King James the First, The Farm was held by him till about the Year 1783, made to Henry Earl of Chford, then Warden in Fee, when it was let to the present Tenant* who has the on the Condition of building the Prison, and providing same Allowance of Fuel from the King's Woods, a Keeper, without any Fee or Allowance from the Since the Lodge and Lands have been thus occupied.

Crown. the Keeper of the Walk has lived in a Cottage in

Among the Rights claimed by the present Warden the Neighbourhood, hired for him at the Warden's

of the Forest, there are Two which affect the Lands Expence.

called The King's Woods, and are attended with As it is not pretended that this House and Lands Circumstances which require a particular Explana- are held under any specific Grant from the Crown, tion. we conclude that they are claimed in Right of the

The First respects the Lodge and, inclosed Lands Office of Warden; but as the Grant of that Office

in East-Henault, or Chapel-Henault Walk, now let as to the Earl of Oxford, in the 1st of James the First, a Farm, and claimed as private Property by Sir purports to be only a Restitution of what his Ancestor James Tylney Long, whose Right is thus stated by died seised of in the 4th of Henry the Eighth, when himself: " There is a Messuage, together with some these Lands belonged to the Abbey of Barking, we " Lands, which is called Chapel Lodge, antiently used apprehend that they cannot be considered as conveyed'

" as a Lodge for a Keeper; a Part of which Land by that Grant.

" has antiently been taken out of the Forest, and in- The Claim to this Lodge and Lands, as the private " closed by Richard Lord Viscount Castlemaine, after- Property of the Warden, appears the more extraorwards Earl Tylney, and was by him occupied and dinary, from the Circumstance of the other Lodge " enjoyed 60 Years ago; which Lodge and Lands within the King's Woods being expressly admitted by " have since descended to me, as Part of the said Sir James Tylney Long to be the Property of the Crown;

" Earl's Estate." That, Lodge, called Hog-Hill House, was built about

The Information which we have obtained, we ap- the Year 1725, at the Request of Lord,

prehend will enable us to set this Matter in a clear and upon a Proposal from him to pay Half the Ex-Light pence of building it, which was estimated at £. 600,

The House appears to have been a Lodge for a A Sum of 300 was accordingly paid. by Lord Keeper as far back as we have found any Accounts Castlemaine into the Hands of the Surveyor General, concerning it. It was re-built, at the Expence of by whom a like Sum was raised by Wood Sales in the the Crown, in the Years 1009 and 1610, by Robert King's Woods; and in an Account passed before the Treswell, Surveyor General of the Woods. The ori- Auditor, the Sum of £. 600 is mentioned to have been ginal Account of the Charge of building it is now in paid by the Surveyor General in full for building the our Possession; and an Extract of it is inserted in the Lodge. But in the Year 1731, Lord Castlemaine, 24 May 1731. Appendix, with a Copy of the Commission to Robert having obtained Leave, by Warrant from the late APPePd^> N°l6* Barefoot, the King's Woodward, to fell Timber for King, to cut Two Ridings or Avenues to the House that purpose. A Part of the original Building is through the King's Woods, he was allowed to take still standing, with the Date of 1610 remaining to his own Use the Wood and Timber cut in making upon it. those Ridings, and as much more as would together

In 1680*, and again in I725f, that Lodge was make up £. 1,000, which is expressed to be granted to repaired at the Expence of the Crown: The last of him in Consideration of the Expence which he had been those Repairs was done during the Time that Lord at in building that Lodge. The House was a large Castlemaine was Warden. Brick Building, but never finished; and it is stated by The Lands which belonged originally to the Lodge, Mr. Fuller, that about Seventeen Years ago above according to the Information of Mr. Fuller, the late Half of it was pulled down, and the Materials taken Woodward, consisted of a little Meadow and Or- away for Lord Tylney s Use. The Part of the Building chard, on the South Side of the House, containing now remaining is inhabited by the Under Keeper of Four Acres. The rest of the Land, he has heard, this Walk.

was inclosed for providing Hay for the Deer. This, The other Claim to which we have referred is the he says, is a common Tradition in the Neighbourhood, following: " The Warden also claims to have, and his though he does not remember when it was inclosed, " Ancestors, Wardens, have had, One hundred Loads nor ever knew any Hay made there for the Deer: " of Wood Annually out of the Part of the Forest

And the late Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire, One of the " called ."

Verderons of the Forest, in his Answer to our Enqui- In respect to this Claim, we examined the late Appendix, N° 12. ries, informed us, that he remembered that a large Woodward; from whose Information we find, that Traet of Ground in Henault Forest was inclosed by the Quantity of too Loads, or 10,000 Faggots, was Richard Earl Tylney, under the Pretence of providing Annually cut and sold by him for the Warden's Use.

Hay for the Deer. The Price for which they were sold was 7 s. 6 d. per

The Keeper of the Walk, who occupied this Lodge Hundred, being £.37. io$. per Annum (exclusive of and Land, used Annually to take in Horses to Grass 3 s.6d. per Load for the Charge of cutting) and out during the Fence Month (the Forest at large being of that Sum the Woodward paid Yearly 50 each to then cleared of Cattle) at a certain Rate per Head, the Master Keepers of the Three Walks of which Mr. Fuller says he understood w-as accounted ford, Loughton, and Lambourn, in lieu of an antient for to Lord Tylneys Steward. After the Feuce Month, Allowance of Wood called Livery Logs, until the

the Inclosures were suffered to go down, and the Year 1790; but in 1790 and 1791, those Allow-Lands lay open to the Deer and Cattle till the follow- ances were paid with Money raised by the Woodward ing Year, when the Fences were repaired again. In by the Sale of Pollard Trees, and the Price of the this Manner they were occupied till about the Year 10,000 Faggots was paid to the Warden without De-1773, when the House and Lands were let as a duction.

Farm, by the Managers of Lord Tylneys Affairs, to In the 24th of Queen 'Elizabeth the Claims of the

Vol. 48. Officers

Fifteenth Report on Land Revenue. ----- ----- ----- -->

Appendix, N° 17.

Appendix, N° 18.

Appendix,

nm9.

Appendix,

N«io.

516 28° Mar III. ' A. 1793.

Officers of thre Forest to Fee Wood came under the the Proceedings at the Justice Seats, in 10th Charles I, Consideration of the Court of Exchequer, upon an and 22d Charles II, we find that similar Rights were Information filed against them by the Surveyor of then claimed, and allowed. The Number of these the Queen's Woods. The Keepers of Walthamstow Assignments is mentioned by Mr. Fuller to have been Walk, and of the Two Walks of Henault, then took always the same, during his Remembrance; but seve-each Twenty Loads of Wood Yearly, the Four Ver- ral of the Houses on those Estates, and in which it derors Five Loads each, and the Woodwards certain is understood the Fuel ought to be expended, have Fee Trees. By the Order of the Court, it appears been pulled down, and, in some Instances only the that the Verderors abandoned their Claims, and that Chimney (called a Smoak,) left standing, to pre-the Keepers and Woodward, who claimed the Wood serve, as it is said, the Right to the Assignment; N taken by them by Prescription, in Right of their and where One Person is the Occupier of several of Offices, failed in the Proof of their pretended Right, the Estates, he receives the whole Number of Assign-The Court, however, thought it proper to allow the ments allotted to them, though occupying only One Keepers of those Three Walks the Quantity of 20 House.

Loads each, to encourage them to a diligent Execu- The Lord of the Manor of Marks had Yearly action of their Duty; but ordered that the Verderors Quantity of Pollard Trees sufficient to make 1,200 end Woodwards should not have any in future, and Shides of Cleft Wood, containing Half a Foot each; prescribed Regulations for the Cutting and Delivery and also 12 Loads of Bushes But after the Death of the Wood. In this Proceeding the re is not of Mr. Mtldmay, the late Owner, in 1789, some any Mention of an Allowance of Wood to the Doubt having arisen respecting the Right to that Warden. Allowance, it was ordered by the Forest Court to be

The Rights and Privileges-belonging to the Office of discontinued, until the Right should be proved. We ' Warden being particularly specified in a Claim pre- have since seen an Office Copy of a Grant to George ferred by Montagu Bertie, afterwards Earl of Lindsey, Harvey, Esquire, in 44th Elizabeth, confirming to him, 1 May, 44 at a Justice Seat held for this Foreskin the 10th of and his Heirs, a Right to Twelve Cart Loads of Eli* Charles the First, and in a subsequent Claim, by the Wood, of decayed Trees, Yearly, and Common of succeeding Warden, at a Justice Seat in the 22d of Pasture in Henault, as belonging to his Manor of Charles the Second, we have referred to both those Marks, but without any Mention of Bushes; and the Claims, of the last of which we have annexed a Copy; Right so granted was allowed at the Justice Seats before-' but in neither of them is there any Mention of a Right mentioned.

to such an Allowance of Wood. Act Assignment of 200 Faggots is Yearly allotted,

As the Woods in Henault Walk belonged to the from the King's Woods, to the Vicar of Dagenham;

Abbey of Barking, until its Suppression by King Henry and a Custom has prevailed of allowing to every Poor the Eighth, we apprehend that a Right of the War- Widow, living in those Parts of the Parishes of Bark-den to Fee Wood from these Woods must have coming and Dagenham which lie within the Bounds of the menced after that Period, and could only have origi- Forest, not receiving Alms, and whose Husband has nated in a Grant or Allowance from the Crown, been dead a Year, One Load of Wood Yearly, on We, therefore, requested Sir James Tylney Long to in- Easter Monday, to be taken on that Day only; or, in form us if there existed any Grant, Warrant, or other lieu of it, 8 s. in Money to those who cannot pro-Authority for taking the Wood now claimed. In cure a Team to carry the Wood on that Day. These Answer to which he has stated that he is entitled, by Payments are made by the Woodward out of the his Office, to all Deer-fallen Wood and Browzing Money raised by Sale of Pollards, pursuant to an Or-Wood, and to certain Perquisites on the Sale of Wood der of the Forest Court, mentioned by Mr. Fuller to within the Forest;, but these we find are enumerated have been made about Eight or Nine Years ago. in the Claims preferred at the Justice Seats before- The Assignments to the different Claimants are set mentioned, and do not seem to us to have any Refe- out under the Direction of the Woodward of the rence to the 100 Loads of Wood now claimed by King's Woods; and the Mode of doing it is to mark him. out such a Space of Ground as, in the Judgment of

It is observable, however, that the Keepers of the the Woodward, or Persons employed by him, will Three Walks, who, by the Order of the Court of Ex- yield the Quantity of Wood each Claimant is entitled chequer in the 24th of Elizabeth, were allowed Twenty to, which is afterwards left to be cut by themselves.

Loads each, do not now receive that Allowance; and A Right so exercised is evidently liable to Abuse, and it, is, therefore, not improbable that, as the Wardens must inevitably prevent any Timber coming up on have had the Appointment of the Keepers, and of those Parts of the Land. Mr. says the Quan-

course the Power of making those Appointments on tity of Wood assigned was formerly much greater any Conditions that they thought fit, the Wardens at than it has been of late Years. He remembers One some former Period have chosen to take those Allow- Assignment, in particular, before he was Woodward, ances of Wood to their own Use, and have increased which was said to contain 1,800 Faggots; and he ad-the Quantity from Sixty to a Hundred Loads a Year mits, that there have been frequent Instances of the by their own Authority, in the same Manner as the Owners or Purchasers of the Assignments cutting Lodge in Chapel Henault Walk has been taken from more Wood than was assigned, and topping young the Under Keepers; the Land held with it increased Trees to make Pollards of them, though all the mai-by Inclosures from the adjoining Lands of the Crown, den Trees and Saplings had been previously marked and let as a Farm; an Assignment of Fuel allotted to stand for Timber. The Liberty allowed to the from the King's Woods to the Tenant of that Farm; Claimants, or Purchasers of the Assignments, to cut and the Whole claimed, at length, as the private Pro- the Wood themselves, and at such Times as the)' perty of the Warden. think fit, affords a Pretext for going into the Woods

We have thought it our Duty to state these Facts as often as they chuse, and renders it almost impossible and Observations, in order to shew on what Foundation to detect or prevent the stealing of Wood, or destroying these Claims of the Warden stand. of the young Timber.

There are Seventy-three Estates, or Parts of Estates, Besides what is Annually cut for satisfying the in the Parishes of Barking and Dagenham, the Owners Claims and Allowances above-mentioned, the Wood-of which have Annual Assignments of Fuel from the ward exercises a discretionary Power of cutting and King's Woods. Each Assignment contains about 500 selling Wood, for defraying the Expence of setting Faggots, which are cut from the Loppings of Pol- out the Assignments, and answering the Payments lard Trees of Oak and Hornbeam. On Reference to to the Widows of and and also

Appendix, N# 19.

1

Appendix,

for repairing the Forest Gates, and the Head of a Pond within the King's Woods, when ordered by the Forest Court.

Having required front Mr. Fuller an Account of the Money raised for those Purposes, £nd of his Disbursements on Account of the Forest, during the Time he was Woodw'ard, he informed us, that having Annually settled with the Warden's Steward, and paid the Balance to him, he did not expect that any farther Account would be required from him, ana was unable to give any.. We therefore applied for a State, of those Particulars to Sir James Long, who

informed us that it has been usual for the Warden to retain those Balances, to discharge the contingent Expences of the Forest, in Law Suits, Prosecutions of Deer Stealers, and Misdemeanors, and divers other Expences for which the Crown makes no Allowance, and which, he believes, have far exceeded the Sums received for Wood sold by the Woodward: But- we have not been able to obtain any Account of the "Amount of those Charges, the Sums raised for answering them, or the specific Purposes for which they have been applied.

The Owners or Occupiers Of Lands adjoining to the Fifteenth Report Part called The King's Forest are sometimes allowed to on Land Revenue.

have Bushes from the King's Woods, for repairing their v. ——

Fences next to the Forest, first obtaining an Order from One of the Verderovs, to the Woodward, or Keepers, specifying the Quantity, and directing them to be cut where they think most fit.

And there were allowed for several Years* to an.Inn-keeperat Chigroell, at-whGse House the Forest Courts

are held, Five Stacks of Wood Yearly from those Woods: But this was merely a Matter of Favour; and during the Two Years preceding the Year 1791, Mr.

Fuller says that only Three Stacks were allowed, by the Order of Sir James Tylney Long.

These are all the Claims or Allowances of Wood from the King's Woods which have come to our Knowledge.

On examining the Accounts of Timber felled in this Forest, and of the Sums expended on it, during the present Century, we find the Account of the Produce and Expence to be as follows:

PRODUCE.

By Sale of 1,245 Trees, pursuant to a Warrant issued in 1721

D°---- of 2,075 Trees, sold in 1725 - -

Value of Timber and Wood granted to Lord in 1731

£ s.

605 5 —

1,194 ——

1,000 ——

Appendix, N° 20.

Charges of executing the Warrants; Poundage, and Fees

2,799 5 —

238 14 —

Net Produce

£.2,560 11 —

EXPENCE,'

£ s. d.

Repairs of several Lodges in the Year 1725- - - 78918 —

Paid towards building the new Lodge in West-Hehault Walk, in the same Year - - 300 ——

Value of Timber and Wood allowed to Lord Castlemaine, on that

Account in 1731- - - 1,000 ——

Salaries of the Forest Officers, at £.270 per Annum, from 1700 to

1786 inclusive - -- 23,220 ——

— ----- ----- ---- 25,309 18 —

Expence exceeding the Produce £22,749 7 —

In Return for this Charge, the Forest has supplied, one Year with another, Five Brace of Bucks and Three Brace of Does, killed by Authority from His Majesty, for the Use of the Public Offices, and Persons accustomed to have Venison from the Royal Forests; and we know not of any other Advantage which the Crown has derived from thence, under the Management to which it has been subject, during the present Century.

We have not obtained any authentic Account of the Number of Deer kept in the Forest, the Keepers alledging that they cannot ascertain the Numbers; but we understand the Stock. to be considerable, both of Red and Fallow Deer. The Number of Bucks killed in the Season t)£ 1788 was Twenty Brace and a Half; and we are informed by Sir Jams Tylney Long, that th, ere have been, One Year with another, about Fourteen Brace of Bucks, and Seven Brace of Does, killed for Individuals who claim a Right to Venison from the Forest, exclusive of those killed by Authority from His Majesty.

We have received Representations from the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in Twelve Parishes within and adjoining to the Forest, of the Injury they sustain from the Deer; and requesting that we would* recommend to the Legislature the Disafforestation and Inclosure of the Forest, or that the Deer may be re-Vol. 48.

moved, or confined within a Park or Parks. Those Representations, which are inserted in the Appendix, Appendix, N* 22. are signed by more than Two hundred Persons, among whom are several of great Property, and of the first Respectability.

On a Survey of the Timber in the King's Woods, 03.

taken in the Year 1783, it was found that the whole Number of Oak Trees, from Ten Feet upwards, was 11,055. Of these, 2,760 were reported to be-Trees of Thirty Feet and upwards, and to be fit for the Use of the Navy; 7,825 were young Trees, from Thirty Feet down to Ten Feet each; and the rest scrubbed and unthrifty: On the whole, the Number of Oaks was less than Four Trees to the Acre, and of those of Thirty Feet and upwards less than One to an Acre.

The Surveyor whom we employed to take a Plan of these L,ands represents the greatest Part of them to be of a strong Loamy Soil, very favourable to the Growth of Oak Timber; and that even those Parts which are of a lighter Soil are productive of fine Oaks. The Situation of the Forest, for Convenience and Cheapness of Carriage of Timber to the Dock Yards, is the most favourable of all His Majesty's Forests, being only Three,

Miles distant from Ilford Bridge, from whence the River Rodon is navigable to the Thames.

To the Account we have given of the Condition and Management of this Forest, we shall add the

6 Q Opinion

518 28° Martii. A. 1793.

Fifteenth Report Opinion of the late Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire, who re- perty by the Deer, and that a considerable Part of the on Land Revenue, siding many Years on the Borders of the Forest, and Country is desirous of their Removal, and willing to 's — Jbeing One of the Verderors, had the best Opportu- give a Compensation to the Crown for a Disafforesta-nities of being well informed concerning it: Mr. Gas- tion.

coyne says, "Much Spoil, much Waste, and piteous We therefore humbly recommend, that an Act of " Destruction has been committed upon the King's Parliament should be passed, by which His Majesty " Timber in this Forest; and many Abuses are daily should be enabled to appoint Commissioners who should " practised to the Injury of the Rights of the Crown, be authorized, on the Part of the Crown, to disafforest I " The Neglect and Inattention, if not worse, of the all or any Part of the Forest; to purchase such Rights Mr. Fuller's pre- " late Woodward, and the appointing insufficient to Fuel, or Common of Pasture, in the Kings Woods, decessor. " Under Keepers, have tended to encourage a wanton as those*entitled to them may be disposed to part with;

" Waste and Spoliation of the King's Timber, and al- and to sell such Rights as the Crown possesses over the " most an utter Destruction of His Deer.- The Divi- Property of others in this Forest, or to set off the One " sion of Henholt is well adapted, in its Soil, for the against the other, and ascertain the Difference to be " Growth of Timber. Great and cruel as the Destruc- paid or received.

" tion of the Timber upon this Part of the Forest has If there should remain any Rights to Fuel Wood " been, yet there are now standing many fine and use- which cannot be purchased or compensated, Regulaful Timber Trees, which have been marked by the tions should be made to prevent the destructive Practice "late Surveyor of the Woods; and it behoves the of suffering the Persons entitled to them to cut the Wood " King's Officers to be very attentive to the Growth themselves. Such Quantities as they are found to have " and Preservation of the Timber Trees upon this a Right to should be cut by the Forest Officers, and de Forest, as, in a few Years, it would be the Supply livered, agreeably to the Order of the Court of Exchequer Appendix, " of Deptford and Woolwich Yards; and, from its in the 24th of Elizabeth. *7-

" Vicinity to those Yards, be a Saving of 50 per The same Commissioners should be empowered to " Cent, in the Carriage of Timber laid in from distant settle and agree with Sir James Tylney , concern Parts." ing his Claims, so as to ascertain his Rights; and, in

From many Circumstances stated in the preceding case that should not be found practicable by private Part of this Report, it appears, obviously, to be for Negotiation, to refer any disputed Matter to Arbitra-the Interest of the Public that the Part of this Forest tion, or to be determined by amicable Suit, if he should called Henault, in which the Soil, Timber, and prefer that Mode.

Wood belong to the Crown, should be retained, and They should also be authorized to settle with those improved as a Nursery of Timber for the Supply of the having Rights of Common in the King's Woods in East Navy. and as to the Proportion of those Woods

That Part is situated so near to the River Thames, which the Crown should be allowed to inclose for that the Expence of the Carriage of the Timber to the the Growth of Timber, on a Disafforestation, and Dock Yards could not exceed 5 s. the Load, which is what Part should still be left open for the Commoners less than the Expence of Carriage from any other Cattle.

Forest to any of the Dock Yards; and it is so near to If it should be found, notwithstanding the Represen-Londoti, where the Office for the general Superintend- tations made to us, that the far greater Part of the ance of the Forests must be kept, that it may be fire- neighbouring Proprietors, and Occupiers of Land, are, questly visited by the principal Officers, without much on Account of the Pleasure of the Chase, adverse to a Loss of Time or Expence. Disafforestation, or to a Disafforestation of the

The great Size of some of the Trees now growing 9}oooo Acres before-mentioned, in which the Soil does upon it affords a convincing Proof of the peculiar Fit- not belong to the Crown, it may, perhaps, be doubtful ness of the Soil for the Growth of Oak. The Money whether, in a Situation so near to the Capital, an Inclo-necessary for the Inclosure and Improvement may be sure of that Part ought to be earnestly desired; but raised by the Sale of Part of the old Trees, which though the Deer should be left in that extensive Dis-ought to be removed as soon as Inclosures shall be made trict, that should not prevent an Arrangement for the to protect the future Growth. There are some thriv- Disafforestation of East and West-Henault (which is ing Trees, which, if preserved from Injury, would, at entirely separate, and at a considerable Distance, from no great Distance of Time, become useful for the the other) or of the Estates which have Rights upon it, if Navy; and the Underwood, which must always find a that should be desired by the Owners, ready Sale in London, would yield a larger Fund than In consequence of the general Decrease in the Quan-would be required for the Payment of the Officers ne- tity of Great Timber in this Country, and the Danger cessary for the Care and Protection of the Property of of a Want of it for the Supply of the Navy, the Public the Crown. Interest requires that the Inclosure and Improvement

The Extent of the open Forest is not inconsiderable, of a Part of the Property of the Crown so fit for the the King's Woods in East and West-Henault containing Growth of Timber should not (to use the Expressions by Statute Measure 2,939 Acres, and the rest of the in an Act for the Improvement of Wastes) "be disap-open Forest, in which the Soil belongs to private Pro- " pointed on Account of the Contradiction of those prietors, containing by Computation about 9,000 " who have Rights of Common which, in this Di-Acres. In both the Crown has the unlimited Right vision of the Forest, are of very little Value, a consider-to keep Deer; and different Parishes and Estates have able Part of it being already covered with very thick the Rights of Common which have already been de- Wood.

scribed. Chef Middleton, (L. S.)

The Stock of both Red and Fallow Deer is consi- Land Revenue Office, In* Call, (L. S.) derable; and the Representations made to us by many Scotland Yard, (L. S.)

respectable Owners and many Occupiers of adjoining March 28th, 1793-Estates, shew that great Injury is done to private Pro-

APPENDIX

by

33 Geo. III. 28° Martii. 5] 9

APPENDIX.

No. _ Page.

1. Exemplification of a Charter or Grant of Disafforestation of Part of the Forest

of Essex, dated 25th March, 5th John; and Confirmation thereof in 8th Edward IV - - - 520

2. Perambulation of the Forest of Waltham, in 17th Charles I. - - - -520

3 A. Extract from a Survey of the Woods and Underwoods growing, as well upon the King's Lands suppressed and surrendered, as upon the Lands purchased and exchanged, within the County of Essex, made in 36th Hen. VIII - 523

3 B. Extract from a Survey of the King's Woods in the County of Essex, within Seven 1 or Eight Miles of the Sea or the Thames, made in 1st James I - - - - 524

4. Warrants for a Lease of Lands in the Forest of Waltham, as a Provision for a

Priest to officiate in a Chapel built within the Walk of Henholt, 1663 - - 526

5. Grant to Richard de Munfichet and his Heirs, of the Custody of the whole Forest

of Essex, and Houses of Havering, &c. temp. Hen. II - - - 527

6. Grant from John Earl of Oxford to the King, of the Power of appointing the

Officers of the Forest of Waltham, during his Majesty's Life, 12 Hen. VIII. - 527

7. Grant of the Custody and Stewardship of the Forest of Essex to Edward Earl of

Oxford, 1st James i ----- ----- - 527

8. Warrants for Payment of Salaries to the Officers of the Forest of Waltham, 1703

and 1704.....528

9. Grant of the Office of Woodward and Keeper of the King's Woods within the

Walks of Chapel Henault and East Henault, and Riding Bailiff of the Lordship and Manor of Barking, &c. to John Holmes and Gerson Holmes, 5th James I- - - - 530

10. The Examination of John Fuller, late Woodward of the King's Woods in the

Forest of Waltham ----- ----- - 53!

11. Letter from John Skirrow, Esquire, Steward of the Forest of Waltham, to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, respecting the Appointment of a Woodward of the King's Woods, on the Resignation of John Fuller - - - - 534

12. Answers of Sir James Tybney Long, Baronet, Warden of the Forest of Waltham,

to the Enquiries of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue - - - - 534

13 A. Extract from the Account of Robert Treswell, Esquire, Surveyor General of his Majesty's Woods, of Monies disbursed by him in the new building of Chapel Henault Lodge, begun 10th February 1609 - ----- - 537

13 B. Commission to Robert Barefoot, Woodward, for felling Timber in the King's

Woods for building the said Lodge, 5th James I - - - - 538

14. Warrant for repairing the said Lodge in 1680 - - - 538

15. The Answer of Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire, One of the Verderors of the Forest of

Waltham, to the Enquiries of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue - - 538

16. Warrant for Richard Lord Viscount Castlemain to make Two Ridings through,

the King's Woods to a new Lodge built in Henault Walk, and to take Timber and Wood therefrom, of the clear Value of £. 1,000, to his own Use, 24th May 1731 - - - - -.....539

17. Order of the Court of Exchequer respecting the Claims of the Keeper and other Officers of the Forest of Waltham, to Fee Wood in the Queen's Woods, Trinity Term, 24 Eliz. - - - 540

18. Claim of Robert Earl of Lindsey, Warden of the Forest of Waltham, at a Justice

Seat, holden 2 2d Charles II - -. - - - - 542

19. Letter from the Commissioners of the Land Revenue to Sir James Tylney Long,

Baronet; and his Answer thereto - 547

20. Account of Monies expended in Works and Repairs within the Forest of Waltham,

and in Payment of the Forest Officers; and also of the Produce of Timber felled there, from the Year 1700 to 1786 - -- -- - 54

21. State of the Returns of Bucks and Does from His Majesty's Forest of Waltham,

from 1783 to 1792.....550

22. Representations of the Owners and Occupiers of Land in Twelve Parishes within

and adjoining to the Forest of Waltham, to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue - - - - 550

23. State of the Timber in Waltham Forest in the Year 1783 - ... -552

Vol. 48. N* 1.

Fifteenth Report on Laud Revenue.

28° Martii.

A. 1793

fifteenth Report on Land Revenue.

N* i.

TERTIA pars Paten' de Anno Regni Regis EDWARDI QUARTI OCTAVO, m. 15.

ESSEX' FOREST'^ REX Omittz ad quos &c.

SALTM Constat nob' p Inspeccoem Rotulor' Can-cellar' Dni Jobis quondam Regis Angl' pgenitoris nri qd idem pgenitor' nr Cartam suam fieri fecit in hec verba — JOHES Dei Gra Rex Angl' Dnus Hiftn' Dux Norman' et Comes Andeg' Archiepis Epis Abbibz Comitibz Baronifez Justic' Vicecomitibz Forestar', Prepositis & omibz Batlivis & fidelibz suis Salim Sciatis Nos deafforestasse de Essex'que est ultra Calcea m v'sus aquilonem questendit de Storteford v'sus Colcestr' usq' ad Boscum de Wyldehora ubi ad Capud Fossati quod dicitur Haydych jungitur pdce Calcee, et exinde ultra Calceam sicut via tendit ad Novum Pontem, et exinde sicut magnum Chiminum tendit usq' in Hey-land, Ita qd tota Foresta infra pdcas Metas contenta et Holes in ea manentes et Heredes eor' sint deaffores-tati et libi soluti & quieti imppm de nob' Sc Here-dibz nris de omibz que ad Forestam et Forestarios ptinent, Et qd capiant & stealnt omimod' venacoem quam capere pot'int infra Bdcas Metas — Quare volu-mus & firmit' pcipimus qa pdca Foresta infra pdcas Metas contenta, et Holes in ea manentes et Heredes eor' sint deafforestatl soluti et quieti de nob' & Heredibz nris imppm de omibz que ad Forestam & Forestarios ptinent, et qd omimod' Venacoem infra pdcas Metas capiant et feeant quam capere pot'unt sicut (idem est, Testibz Dno II. Cantuar' Archiepo, E. Eliens' J. Nor-wic' & W. London' Epis G. Fil' Petri C-omitis Essex' Com' W. Marescall' R. Com' Leycestr' Witto de Braosa et Hugone Re Nevyll »-<Dat' p Manum S. ppositi Bev'laei 5c Archid' Well' apyd Westm' xxv Die Marcij Anno Regni n?i quinto. Nos autem Tenorem Irrotulamenti pdei Tenore psencium duximus exemplificand' IN CUJLFS See. T. R. apud Westm' quinto Die Februarij.

REX Omibz ad quos See. Saltm Inspeximus Eras liras patentes fcas in hec v'ba, EDWARDUS Dei Gra Rex Angl' & Franc' Sc Dnus Hibn', Omibz ad quos fisentes Lre pveri'int Saltm, CONSTAT nob' p Inspeccoem Rotulor' Sec. ut supra, usq' ibi Anno Regni nri octavo et tunc, NOS AUTEM Lras nras pdcas ac omia Sc singula in eisdem contenta rata bentes Sc grata, ea p nob' & Heredibz nris quantum in nob' est acceptamus & approbamus ac nunc Hoibz infra Metas Bdcas manentibz & eor' Heredibz ratificamus et conhrm'amus put- Lre {idee ronabilit' testantur. IN CUJUS See. T. R. apud Westm' vij Die Februarij.

p una Marca solut' in Hanapio.

This is a true Copy of the Record in the Tower of London, having been examined.

Robert Lemon, Chief Clerk. N* 2.

PERAMBULATION of the FOREST of WALTHAM, in the County of Essex, in the 17th Year of King Charles the 1st.

ESSEX ss' — -INQUISICO capta apud Stratford Langthorne in Com' Essex' Die Mercurij existen' Octavo die Septembris Anno Rni Dni nri Carol' Dei gra Angl' Scotie Franc'et Hibnie Rs Fidei Defensoris Decimo Septimo Coram Thoma Bendish Baronetto Benjamino Ayloffe Baronetto Witto Roe Mil'. Henrico Holcrofte Mil' Wiifo Martyn Mil' Gamaliel Capell Mil' Jacobo Altham Ar' Wiito Conyers Ar' Thoma Fanshaw Ar' Edro Keightley Ar' Carew Harvey ats

Mildmay Ar' et Edro Palmer Ar' tribz Viridarioru' Foreste dci Dni Regis de Waltham ats dee Foreste sue de Essex' in Com' Essex' Johne Wright Ar' et Witto Atwood Ar' Comissionar' dci Dni Regis virtute Comis-sionis ejusdem Dni Regis p Lras suas Paten' sub magno Sigillo suo Angl' geren' dat' apud Westm' decimo sexto die Augusti Anno Rni dci Dni Regis Decimo Septimo supadco Eis (inter al') direct' ad inguirend' et inveniend' p Sacramenta probor' et legtiu' Hominu' et p Sacramenta Testiu' producendor' apud Pd' Inquisicoem et p omnes al' modos legittimos omnes et singulos Terminos metas bundas et limites Foreste fid' qui fuer' vulgarity cognit' fuisse Termini mete bunde et limites dee Foreste Anno vicesiino Regni nup' Regis Jacobi Angl' &c. juxta tenorem cujusd' Actus in pnti Parliamento apud Westm' in Com' Midd' modo assemblat' edit' et pvis' intitulat, " An Act " for the certainty of Forrests & of the Meetes Meeres " Lymitts and bounds of the Forrests" et ad 01a al' et singul' faciend' et pimplend' in et circa Inquisicoem fM' capiend' et retornand' eademq' faciend' que juxta tenorem dci Actus faciend' sunt et pimplend' assignat' Virtute cujus Comissionis Comissionar' (klci fecerunt quoddam Warrant' direct' Vicecomit' Com' Essex' pd' ad retornand' coram Comissionar' p'dcis quing' vel pluribz Eor' ad Diem et locum fid' quadraginta et octo probus et legtes Homines de Com' pd' ad in quirend' de et sup pmiss' in eadem Cotnissiorie speci-ficat' Ad quern Diem et Locum Richus Luckin Ar' tunc Vicecom' Com' Bd' tam virtute Warr' pdict' qm virtute Bris dci Dni Rs de Venire fac' Ei in ea pte direct' retornavit Comissionar' fidcis Bre et Warrant' suu'Jid' Et qd ipe Sumoniri causavit juxta forma' et Effecm bris et Warranti pd' (inter al') Thomam ManWood Gen' Petrum Whetcombe Gen' Johem Sorell Gen' Johnem Levett Gen' Wittrn Gray Gen' Thomam Aylett Gen' Franciscum Nicholson Gen' Georgiu' Thorowgood Ar' Thomam Lake Gen' Robtm Brage Gen' Samuel' Plume Gen' Georgiu' Gittens Gen' Johnem Wright Gen' Wiflm Lake Gen' Wittm Finch Gen' Roblm Dawges Gen' Lany Rous Gen' Edrrn Fulham Gen' Johnem Meade Gen' Georgiu' Sances Gen' Samuel Freebome Gen'Georgiu' Savill Gen' Henricu' Smith Gen' Edrm Digbie Gen' et Edrm Humfrey probos et Legtes Holes de Com' Essex' pred' QUI quidem Thomas Manwood Petrus Whetcombe Johnes Sorell Johnes Levett Witts Gray Thomas Aylett, Franciscus Nicholson Georgius Thorowgood Thomas Lake Roblus Brage Samuel Plume Georgius Gittens Jobes Wright Witts Lake Witts Finch Robtus Dawges Lany Rous Edfus Fulham Johnes Meade Georgius Sances Samuel Freebome Georgius Savill Henricus Smith Edrus Digbie et Edrus Humfrey existen' solempniter exacti Compiler' Et in Bsentia Comissionar' pd' ac Thome Coke Ar' Sen" Foreste pd' Et Rici Searlq Witti Stanes Witti " Waylett, Jobis Gouldinge Thome Winch Rici Maynard Witti Johnson Radulphi Barker Witti Millington Rici Haddon et Nichi Spackman Regardatoru' Foreste pd'

Necnon in.psentia Johnis Betts Rici Belch Witti Wills Jarvissij Knight Johnis Cox Henrici Breame Witti Games Edri Hoy et Witti Swaderey Subforestarior' . Foreste Bd' (Eisdem Henrico Breame Subrangiator' Libtatis ae Hav'inge att Bower et Witto Wills Sub-. rangiator' de Eppinge et Woodward' de Suardstone et Woodridden Fee in Com' et Foresta pd' Sititer existen') necnon Georg' Floade Subrangiator' de Leighton et Edro Batty Subrangiator' de West' hen-nault ac Jobe Knight Sub Forestar' Equitan' totius Foreste pd' Execucon' ejusdem Comissionis assisten' et attenden' Juratores pdei Jurati et onerati fuerunt ad inquirend' et inveniend' OSs et singulos Tennios Metas Bundas et Limites dee Foreste de Waltham ats dee Foreste de Essex' qui fuerunt vulgariter cognit' fuisse termini Mete Bunde et Limites ejusdem Foreste Pdco

Anno

28° Martii.

521

Anno vicessimo Regni dci Dni Jacobi nuper Rs Angl' &e. ut pfertur Qui quidem Juratores tam p visum sup' pambulacoem suam qm p Sacra diversoru' Testiu' side dignor' apud InquisicSem pdcam pductor' et juratoru' in fisentia Eorumden Comissionarior' Ju-rator' et Officiarior' Foreste pd' dicunt sup Sacra sua QUOD Oes et singuli termini Mete Bunde et limites dee Foreste de Waltham ats Foreste de Essex in Com' pred' qui fuerunt vulgariter cogniti fuisse termini Mete bunde et limites ejusdem Foreste fidco Anno vicessimo Regni dci Dni Jacobi nup' RS Angl' &c. fuerunt et in eodem Anno vicessimo vulgariter cognit' fuerunt fuisse ut Sequitur (viz') dci termini Mete bunde et limites dee Foreste inceperun't? in eodem Anno vicessimo ad Pontem de Stratford vocat' le Bow sub quo currit Rivus de Lee Et sic eundo in Hundred' de Becontree p Altam Regiam Viam usq' Ilford magnam Et ab Ilford magna directe p eand' altam Regiam Viam ducen' 9sus Rumford usq' quoddam quadriviu' vocat' the sower Wants ubi nup' locat' suit et adhuc existit quedam Costa Ceti vocat' the Whalebone Ad quod quidem quadriviu' una via inde ducit ex pte Austral' vV Dagenham Et al' via inde ex pte boreal' versus Collier Row Et sic Eundo recte a Quadrivio pd' in et p pdcam Altam Regiam viam ducen' vV Rumford pd' usq' <}uend' Venellam vocat Beanes Land Lane Ad Caput cujus Venelle quidam Lapis sive Petra Termioalis inodo poni? et erecta insculpta et nominata Havering Stone Et sic eundo in Venella pd' inter quasd' Terras vocat'Beanes Land ad sinistram usq' quasd' . al'Terr' vocat' Twenty Acres pcell' Terrar' Dominical' Ma-nerij de Markes Et sic retomand' in Venella pd' inter pd' Terr' voc' Beanes Land ex pte Austral' et pd' al' Terras vocat' Twenty Acres ex parte Boreal' usq' ad et in pd' viam ducen' a Quadrivio pdeo v^us Collier Row pd' Et sic eundo in pd' via ducen' a Pdco Quadrivio vV Collier Row pd' p et ppe Scitum sive Domum Manconal' dci Manii de Markes ad quand' Ulrnu' Cruce insignat crescen' ad Dextram ejusdem vie ubi qued' Janua nunc existit ducen' a fkT via in quand' Warren' vocat' Markes Warren Ad quam Janua' modo ponitur et erecta est quid' al' Lapis sive Petra Terminal' insculpt' et Noiat Marks Stone Et ab inde Eundo in Warren' pdcu' directe versus Orientem p Bundas dividen' dcam pochia' de Dagenham a Libtate de Haveringe att Bower usq' quend' Angulu' in ead' Warren' ubi modo ponitur et erect' quid' al' Lapis sive Petra Terminalis insculpt' et nominat' Warren Stone Et ab inde p pdcas Bundas Dividentes dcam pochia' de Dagenham a Libtate de Haveringe pd' usq' Collier Row pd' ad quend' Locum ibm ppe Messuagiu' vocat' Captivus ubi modo ponitur et erect' est quid' al' Lapis Sive Petra Terminal' insculpt' et. noiat Collier Row Stone Et ab inde deorsum p dcas Metas et Bundas dividentes Pochiam de Dagenham pd' a Libtate de Haveringe att Bower pd' usq' ad Occidental' Angulu' Parci dci Dni Regis vocat' Haveringe Parke Ad qua' quid' Occidental' Angul' comiter vocat' Haveringe Parke Corner quid' al' Lapis sive Petra Terminal' modo ponitur et erect' et insculpt' et Noiat' Parke Comer Stone Et a pd' Lapide sive Petra vocat' Parke Corner Stone Termini Mete Bunde et Limites Foreste pd' ulterius se extendunt et in eod' Anno Vicesimo dci nup' Rs Jacobi Angl' &c. Se extendebant et cognit' fuer' se ex tender e p Palos et Costas Parci pd' vocat' Haveringe Parke usq' ad quend' Rivolu' vocat' et coiter cognit' p nomen de Bourne Brooke Et ab inde Eundo p Ripas ejusd' Rivoli usq' ad Domu' cujusd' Robti Makin in Pochia de Navestock juxta qua' Domum quid' al' Lapis sive Petra Terminal' modo ponitur et erect' est insculpt' et noiat' Nave-stock Stone Et ab inde ad Dextram vertendo relicta Pd' Domo p Septem et Costas Cujusd' Comunis vocat' Navestock Comon directe ad Janua' vocat' Vol. 48.

Richard's Gate ppe quatn JahUam sititer quidin al' Fifteenth Report Lapis sive Petra Terminal' modo ponitur et erect' est °«> Land Revenue, insculpt' et Nominat' Richard's* Stone Et ab inde p'

Sepem Terrar' dci Robti Makin ducen' directe ad Janua' vocat' Overmead gate Et ab inde ad Rivu' de Rodon Et ab inde p Rivu' pd' usq' ad Pontem de Aybridge ats Assbrigg et transeundo Pontem pd' p altam Regia' viam recte ducen' ad Ecciiam Pochial' de Thoydon-Boys Et sic pgrediend' p Regia' via'

Pd' ad Domu' Manconal' Rectoris de Thoydon-Boys usq' ad Januam vocat' Thoydon Greene Gate Et inde p Septem vocat' Purlieu-Hedge ad Angulu' cujusd' sepis vocat' Piershorne Corner atq' ita p Sepem pd' vocat' Purlieu Hedge usq' ad finem cujusd' Venelle vocat' Hawcock Lane Et sic ad Ripam ppe finem Ville de Eppinge vocat' Purlieu Banck Et sic eundo p Ripam pd' usq' ad Locum vocat' Bennet's Corner secundum bundas limites et Divisiones pochiar' de Eppinge et Thoydon Garnon includent' infra Fo-restam pdcam totam pochiam de Eppinge jacen' iufra Ripam pd' et excludent' extra Forestam totam pochiam de Thoydon Garnon Et sic eundo p Ripa'

pd' ad finem Venelle vocat' Duck Lane atq' ita ad Angulu' Magni vasti vocat' Thornewood Comon Et ibm eundo p Ripam pd' vocat' Purlieu Banck jacen' juxta sepem ex Austral' parte Comun' pd' usq' ad quend' Rivulum qui decurrit a fossa jacen' subt' sepem pdcam & prefat' Ripam vocat' Purlieu Banck ppe quand' Ulmu' que est sola^ Bundaria et Meta Terminal' inter' pochiam de Eppinge pd' et Northweald Bassett Ac etiam inter duo dimid' Hundred' de Harlow et Waltham Et ulterius eundo p Rivulu' pd' ad fossam ante et prope Domu' Manconal' cujusd'

Wittimi Spranger scituat' super Costam vasti et Coinune. de Thornewood Coinon pdict' Et ab inde retornand' p Fossam pd' usq' ad Domu' Manconal' cujusd' Daniel' Hudson sititer scituat' ad Costam Coinune pd' Et sic p Metes et Divisiones Dividentes pd' duo dimid' Hundred' de Harlow et Waltham ad quand' Libam Hayham vocat' Linceley Gate includen' infra Forestam dcam pcella vasti sive Come vocat'Thornewood Coinon sicut jacet infra Rivul' pd'

Ac etiam includent' infra Forestam pd' pdem Ten-turn dci Daniel' Hudson et quand' Grovettam vocat*

Halyes Grove Ac oia et singul' tras et Tenta ibm jacen' infra diet' dimid' Hundred' de Waltham Et sic eundo ad Janua! vocat' Linceley Gate Sursum quand' peciam Terr' vocat' Linceley Merles Et ab inde directe transeunt' Ripam Fluvij vocat' Millmeade Brooke p Sepem vocat' Eastfield hedge ad Locum vocat' Lymeholes Corner Et sic transeunt' Regiam viam ducen' ad Ecciiam de Eppinge usq' ad Pulcroft ducen' ad Pontem vocat' Pynnbridge Atq' ita eundo de Ponte pd' vocat Pynnbridge p Sepem vocat'

Purlieu Hedge ad Janua' vocat' Cloggeets Gate intrant' in Altam Regiam viam ducentem ad Locum vocat' Siviars Greene Et sic descendent' in Regia via vocat' Kennetts Lane directe usq' ad Vastum sive Comun' vocat' Bradley Comon Et sup' Costam ejusd'

Vasti sive Come vocat' Bradley Comon circumeundo Hamletta de Roydon usq' Rivu' de Lee pd' Et inde ad Angul' Marisci vocat' Ody Msh Et sic transeunt*

Rivu' pd' de.Lee includen' infra Forestam totu' illu'

Mariscu' vocat' Hollyfield Marsh usq' ad Pratum vocat' Le Frythie Et sic transeund' Le Frythie apud Locum vocat' the Shire Lake ad Mariscu' vocat'

Hooke's Marsh includen* infra Forestam pd' totos illos Mariscos vocat' Hooke's Marsh & Normsh Et sic eundo p Rivu' de Lee sititer includen' totum ilium Magnu' Mariscu' vocat' Waltham Great Msh Et sic transeundo Fossam ibm ad Pontem vocat' Smalley bridge extenden' ad Costam ejusd' Pontis deorsum p fossam sive Rivul' defluentem ad Dextram Alte Regie vie ducen' ad Waltham* Abbey usq' ad Coldhall et statim ultra Coldhall vertendo p Fossam sive Rivulu' qui dividit Comitat' de Essex et Hertford' ad Rivu'

6 R ibm

522 28° Mar . 1793.

Fifteenth Report ibm includen' infra Foresta' fid' totum iilud Pratnm on Land Revenue.^ Mariseum vocat' Canwardes Et ab inde ad quend' v> v Locu' voc' Cobbing Mouth Et ab inde p Rivu' pred' de Lee ad Pratu' vocat' Spencers Meade Et sic pgrediend' p Rivu' fid* ad Sywardstoneford Et ibm transeundo Mariscum vocat' Ware Marsh ad Fossam vocat' Mardich Et sic pgrediend' p Mardich usq' ad Rivu' de Lee fid' Et ab inde p Rivu' pred' usq' Broademeade in Pdchia de Walthamstow Et ab inde p Rivu' fid' ad Pontem vocat' Lockbridge modo dirupt' ubi nunc pro Passagio usitatur Trajectus An-glice a Ferry Et ab inde p eundem Rivu' de Lee ad primu' nominat' Pontem de Stratford Bow comiter cognit' p nomen de Bowbridge — ET Juratores fid' uiterius dicunt Super Sacramenta sua fid' qd Foresta dci Dni Regis de Waltham ats dca Foresta Dni Regis de Essex' in fid' Com' Essex' se extendebat in dco Anno vicessimo Regni nup RS Jacobi Angl' &c. p ut supius p fid' Terminos Metas bundas et limites dividitur et exprimitur et non ultra — Et qd fid' Termini Mete bunde et limites Foreste fid' superius menconat' et express' in dco Anno vicessimo nup R§ Jacobi Angl' &c. fuerunt et vulgariter cognit' et re-putat' fuerunt veri et certi Termini Mete Bunde et Limites infra quas Foresta fid' terminal bundat' et limitat' suit et alios ampliores vel largiores Terminos metas bundas et limites Foreste fid' in dco Anno vicessimo nup Rs Jacobi Angl' &c. Foresta fid' non habuit prout Juratoribus fid' ullo modo constare potent ET Juratores fid' uiterius dicunt Super Sacra sua fid' qd in Hundred' de Becontree fid' in fidco Anno vicessimo nufi Rs Jacobi Angl' &c. ramanse-runt integre infra Forestam fid' VU1' de Wanstead Leighton Walthamstow et Woodford Et quod Ville de Stratford Westham Eastham Ilford Parva Ilford Magna Barkeinge et Dagenham in Hundred de Becontree fid' ad tunc p pte remanserunt extra Forestam fid (viz1) 08s Terre Bosci et Hereditamenta earumd' Villar' sicut jacent ad Dextra' alte Regie vie fid' ducen' a ponte de Stratford Le Bow fid' versus Rumford fid* Et p pte ad tunc remanserunt infra Forestam fid' (viz1) 08s et singul' Terr' Bosci et Hereditamenta villaru' fidcar' ad Sinistram Regie vie fid' put supius p metas et bundas dividuntur Et qd in pdco Anno vicessimo dci Dni nup' Regis

(L. S.) Tho. Bendyshe.

(L. S.) Benj. Ayloffe.

(L. S.) W. Rowe.

(L. S.) He. Holcroft.

(L. S.) W" Martin.

(L. S.) William Conyers.

Jacobi Angl' &c. Libtas de Havering att Bower in Com' fid' Et parcu' ibm Coiter vocat' Haveringe Parke unacum Omnibz al' Terr' Tentis Boscis et Hereditamentis in Hornechurch Romford et Haveringe in dco Com' Essex' et in ceteris pochijs et Membris Appendicijs dee Libtati de Haveringe remanserunt integre extra Forestam fkl' Et qd in eodem Anno vicessimo dci Dni nup' Rs Jacobi Angl' &c. in Hundred' de Onger fki' remanserunt integre infra Forestam fid' Villa de Lucton ats Loughton Chigwell Lamborne et Stapleford Abbotts Et quod Ville de Navestock et Thoydon Boys in fidco Hundred' de Onger p pte infra Forestam fid' et p pte extra Forestam fid' ut supius p metas et burtdas fid' plenius dividuntur Et qd oSs Residue Villar' infra Hundred' de Onger fid' in eod' Anno Vicessimo supadco fuerunt et remanserunt totaliter extra Forestam fid' Et q4 totu' Dimid' Hundred' de Waltham fid' in dco Anno Vicessimo dci nup Regis Jacobi Angl' &c. cum omnibz Terris Boscis et Hereditamentis in sepalibz Villis infra diet' dimid' Hundred' remanserunt integre infra Forestam fid' nisi Terre alicujus psone vel psonar' jacen' infra Dimid' Hundred' fid' p Ali-quas Cartas Deafforestantur q4 Juratoribz fid' constare non fecerunt Et q4 in eod' Anno vicessimo nup Regis Jacobi Angl' &c totum Dimid' Hundred' de Harlow fid' et Hundred de Uttlesford Hinckford Lexden Tenderinge Dengie Witham Chelmsford Dunmowe Claveringe Freshwell Chafford Barstable Thurstable Rochford et Winstree in fid' Com' Essex' et 08s Ville et Pochie cum suis membris et Appendicijs univsis et singulis et quibuslibet Eor' cum omnibz Terr' pratis Pasturis Boscis Tentis et Hereditamentis quibuscunq' in Villis et pochijs Hundredor' ultim' menconat' remanserunt integre extra Forestam fid' Et Juratores fid' uiterius sup Sacra sua fid' dicunt qd in dco Anno vicessimo Rni Regis Jacobi supadci et antea ut predict? infra Memoria' Horn' aliquas al' sive plures Forestas vel Foresta' fuisse in dco Com' Essex' fkerquam Foresta fidca sic ut supius limitat' et bundat' non inveniunt nec invenire possunt IN CUJUS Rei Testimoniu' tarn Commissionar' fifati quam Juratores fid' Manus et Sigilla sua his fisentibz Subscripserunt & Apposuerunt.

(L. S.) Tho. Fanshawe.

(L. S.) E. Kyghley Veridarius.

(L. S.) Car. Hervy ats Mildmay Viridiar' (L. S.) Edward Palmer Vir'

(L. S.) Jo. Wright.

(L. S.) William Atwood.

I.

Tho. Manwood. Pet^r Whetcombe. John Sorell.

John Levet.

W" Gray.

Thomas Aylett. George Thorogood. Robert Bragge.

Francis Nicholson. Tho. Lake. Samuel Plume. George Gittens. Jo. Wright.

W" Finch. William Lake. John Meade. Robert Dawgs.

Lany Rous. Edward Fulham. Georg. Sances. Samuel Freeborne. George Saveli. Henry Smith. Edward Digbie. . Edward Humfrey.

NOS Regardatores Foreste de Waltham ats Foreste de Essex' infra script' quor' Noia Subscri-buntur simul cum alijs Regardator' ct Officiar' Foreste ^d' infra noTat' psentes Attenden' & Assisten' fuimus ad Capcoem hujus Inquisiconis ac ad Visu' & Perambulacoe' Terminor' Metar' Bundar' & Limitu' Forest' fid' ut interius sit menconat'.

Richard Maynard.

Tho. Goulding.

William Waylett.

Edmond Cooke.

William Johnson.

Ralph Barker.

Examined with the original Inquisition in the Office of Petty Bag,

by P. Parry,

One of the Clerks in the said Office.

28° Ma

523

N*3 A. Fifteenth Report

on Land Revenue.

' The Survey of all and Singuler the Woodes and Underwoodes growing in and ^^' uppon all the landes and Possessiones appteininge & belonging as well unto the Kinges Majesties landes suppressed and surrendered as also his COM' ESSEX. < grac's landes purchased and exchaunged within the Coantie of Essex

vewed by George Maxey and Willm Mildmay Woodwards appointed there for the same, made in the xxxvi* Yere of the reigne of SouTaigne Lorde Kinge Henry the eight as hereafter pticulerly ensuy,h.

That is to saye

The late Housses of Barkinge.

Furste, in a certen Comen in the Forrest of Walthih one hill called Create' Hoghill most pte Homebeame Woode well sett with Oke for Hus-bandrye, very moche verte of blake Thorne, pt lately lopped cont' lxiii Acr' one roode at xiii* iiii4 the Acre ——

Acres - lxiii, £.

Money - xlii.

Item, in the same Comen a certen hill called Woodmans hill CClvi Acr'' well sett with husbandez of Oke and the rest with homebeame and blacke busches worth x* the Acr' by Estimacon to be solde ——

Acres - CClvi.

Money - CxxviiL

Item, ther is a hill called hingston's hill conteining iiii.xii Acres iii rodez the greater parte homebeame many Okes well husbanded many thorns at xs the Acr' ——

Acres - iiiuxii.

*.*. rf.

J Money - xlvi, vii, vi.

Item, a hill called Derelop hill well sett with Starlinge Oke for Timber and liornebeame many busches conteininge xxxiiii Acr' at vi», viii4, the Acre amounteth to ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ---- — ----- ----- -- — .

Acres - xxxiiii.

1 «. d.

Money - xi, vi, viii.

Item, there is a hill called Potterspittbuschez well sett with Oken hus-' bandes and homebeame conteyninge lxiii Acr' iii modes at xiii*, iii4, the Acre ——

Item, a hill called Coghill sett with straglynge treez and homebeame Cont'l xxiiii Acr' iii rode di' at xiii*, iiii4 the Acre ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- -J

Acre - lxiii.

ti

Acres - xxiiii. Money - .

Item, a hill or platt of Wood — Chepcote hill w,h one pece at the frith' gate and a pece at greate gold hurst gate cont' in the hole xliii Acr' sett as well with Oke as with homebeame valued at xx* the Acre-,

Acre - - xliii. Money -

Item, Ravensokehill cont* lxvii Acres di' valued at xl* the Acre well sett'! Acre - - lxvii di' with husbandez of Oke and hardbeame ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --J Money -

Item, Buckezhornehill cont' lxxviii Acr' worth by estimacon xx*. the Acr' 1 Acr' - - lxxviii. many burches ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ---- — ----- -J Money -

4

Item, Strounde buschez or hill, well sett w,fc Starlinge Trez of Oke and homebeame cont' by est' lxiiii Acr' value at xvi*. the Acre to be sold which amounteth to — . ——

Acr' - - lxiiii. Money -

Item, a hill called Martens busches cont' iiii.xi Acres worth by estimacon xxs, the Acre ——

XX

iiii.xi.

Item, all the Wood and Timber growinge in and upon the playne be-' tweene Strounde and Mrtens and from Mtenes to Chigwell-waye, with £

gravelpitt buschez and pte of Stewardz Wood wu xxxt! trez betwixt vi.

Mtenes buschez and Gofl'ez ar worth by estimacon to be solde for ----- --_

Item, Beche hill sett with straglynge Trees of Oke and homebeame cont*'

IX

by estimacon iiii.ii Acres di' at xviiis. the Acre amounteth in the hole

to ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- . ----- ----- ----- ---- — .....__________

Vol. 48.

XX

Acr' - - iiii, ii Money -

Item,

28® Martii.

A. 1793.

Fifteenth Report xx

on Land Revenot. Item, Colirowe hill cont' iiii, iiii Acr' of Wood and Underwood worth

— ----- ----- ----- --' xv*. the Acre - — ----- ----_

Item, a hill called Penny hill wherein cont' a hundreth Trez valued by estimacon at xii4 the tree wch amounteth to_________________________________________

Acr' - iiii, iiii di' Money -

C*

Item, the Wood within Chapell Dych coat' by estimacon xii Acres dt valued at xxvi*, viiid. the Acre ——

Item, there be certen Trees growinge one the plaine within Chapell Diche valued at ——

Acre Money

xl\

xii.

Item, a Wood called Crekelwood, cont' by est' xx Acres or there aboutes' all sett with younge Timber much fayre Springe for herdelinge. The Millez and Stratforde bridge hath taken most fSte of the best timber for

Repacions valued at xx*. the Acre ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ->

Item, a grove called leyssons grove cont' vi Acr' of xvi yerez growth at j xiii*, iiiid. the Acre — ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ---- J

Item, a grove called Blakes grove cont' in three seu'all peces hedged,'' and felled by the late Monasta' of Barkinge cont' xxxiii Acres a rodd, of vi yeres growth, not mete to be sold at vi* the Acre. ----- ----- -->

Acre - xx.

Money - xx.

Acre - vi Money -

Acr' - xxxiii. Acr. Money -

Item, a Wood called Cocketts highwood cont' iiii. Acr' di* one roode of'j Acr' - iiii Acr. one roode. iii yeres growth, valued at ii*. the Acre, the sense well kept ----- --- J Money.

Extracted from a Survey late in the Possession of John Pitt, Esquire, late Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods; and lent to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue by William Morton Esquire.

N* 3 B.

ESSEX s». AN ESTIMATIVE SURVEY of all the Kinges Ma,ie* Woodes within the Countie of Essex, beinge within seaven or eight Miles of the Sea or the Terns taken by me John Meade deputie Surveior of S' Henry Maynarde Knight his Ma'"* gen'all Surveior of all the Kinges Ma,le* Landes within the Countie of Essex this thirtenth day of Marche in the yeare of the Raigne of our most gratious Sou'eigne Lord James by the grace of God of England Scotland France and Ireland Kinge defender of the Faith, that is to say of England France and Ireland the first and of Scotland the seaven and thirteth, as followed),

ESTHAM and WESTHAM

There is one Wodd lyinge in the said Parishes of Estham and Westham in ' this Countie called Hamfirithe conteyninge by Estimacon one hundred Acres, thon halfe thereof was felled the last yeare and thother halfe is now in fellinge: it lyeth within three Miles of the Terns and in or neere unto j Waltham Forrest, and is in leas unto one Mris Colsonn Widdowe-- J

C. Acres.

LAYTON

There is one Wood inclosed lyinge within the Parishe of Layton within a Waltham Forrest and within three Miles of the Terns called Wall-Wodd conteyninge by estimacon an hundred and twenty Acres beinge well sett with timber tres and resonablye well with Underwood of the groughe of fyftie or three scoore yeares, but much wasted and spoiled of late yeares. This Wood is out of leas, and was of late Challenged by Mr Ryder owner of the Manor of Layton and was in sute in her late Ma*"* tyme ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ---- — J

Cxx. Acres.

THE MANN OR of BARKINGE.

There is belonginge unto this Mannor one Wodd called Shackmans atsl Shuckmans Groves conteyninge by estimacon fourtene Acres, felled about seaven yeares past: it lyeth within three Miles of the Terns in Waltam Forrest, and is in leas for certeyne yeares to com to one Nicholas Mewce ( of Barkinge ----- ----- ----- ----- --- — ----- ----- ----- ----- -- — J

There is one other Wodd called Laysons grove conteyninge by estimacon " tenn Acres felled the last yeare: it lyeth in Waltam Forrest within three Miles of the Terns and is in leas unto the said Nicholas Mewce for tenn f or twelve yeares yet to com ——

There is also belonginge unto this Mannor twoo other Woodes called ‘ Knightons, conteyninge about twelve Acres felled within these two yeares: They lie within three Miles of the Terns and are in leas unto S' George Harvie Knight levetennt of the tower ----- ----- ---_

xiiii. Acres.

x. Acres.

xii. Acres.

MEMORAND' that there are in Waltam Forrest, within four Miles of the Terns, divers Wodde Growndes belonginge unto the late Abbey of Barkinge, lyinge in the Comon of the same Forrest, never inclosed, out of which grownds the late Abbesse of Barkinge and her Predecessors have allwaies, in there tymes, had a great part of the firewodd which they spent in the Abbie of Barkinge, which Wodd grounds I have thought good to sett downe pticularlie as iblloweth.

IMPRIMIS

33.Ge6. III. 28° Martii

IMPRIMIS one pcell of Woddground lyinge in the Comon in the said Forrest calledgreat hogghill well sett with O^es hardbeames and other Wodd conteyninge by estimacon ——

Ite' in the Comon in the same Forrest one other pcell of Woddground' called Woodmans hill well sett, with Okes and other Trees conteyninge by estimacon — ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- J

Item in the same Comon one other pcell of Woddground called Iling-] stons hill well sett with Okes Hardbeames and other Tres couteyninge ! by estimacon - — ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- J

Item one other parcell of Woddground in the same Comon called] Dereloppe well sett with husbaodree Okes conteyninge by esti-

macon-

J

Item in the same Comon within the said Forrest one other pcell of Woddground called Potterspithill well sett with Oke and other Wodd conteyninge by estimacon — ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - , ——

Item in the same Comon one other pcell of Woddgrund called hogg-hill well sett with Oke hardbeame and other Wodd conteyninge by estimacon ——

Item one other pcell of Woddground in the same Comon well sett with' Oke Hardbeame and other Trees conteyninge by estimacon ——

Item one other pcell of Woddground in the same Forrest and] Comon called Harthorne hill well set with Trees conteyninge by> estimacon — ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - — _j

Ite* in the said Forrest and Comon one other Woddground called] Ravens Oke hill well sett with husbandree Trees conteyninge by> estimacon ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - 1

Ite' one other pcell of Woodground in the said forrest & Comon' called the Stround bushes well sett with Wodd conteyninge by estimacon ..... - - — — -..... —

Ite' one other pcell of Woodground in the said Forest and Comon] called Martens bushes well sett with Okes and Hardbeames conteyn- > inge by estimacon ----- ----- ----- - — ----- — ----- ----- ----- --- j

Ite* one other pcell of Woddground in the same Coinon called] Bechehill well sett with hardbeames and other Trees conteyninge by> estimacon — ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- --. — --- — I

Ite' one other pcell of Woddground in the same Comon called Collier' Rowe well sett with trees conteyninge by estimacon ——

Item one other pcell of Woddground in the said Forrest sometymes in-' closed lyinge within Chappell diche now open unto the said Comon well sett with Trees conteyninge by estimacon — ----- ----- ----- ----- -.

Suuia totlis of the Woddes' upon the Comon ——

him. Ajcres. CC1. Acres.

XX

iiii. Acres.

.xxx. Acres.

lxx. Acres.

xx iiii. Acres, xl. Acres, lxxx. Acres.

lx. Acres,

lxiiii. Acres.

lxxx. Acres.

lxxx. Acres, lxxx. Acres, xx. Acres. M.xxii. Acres.

525

Fifteenth Report on Land Revenue.

y

MEMORAND' that the Woode in all these seu'all Woddgrounde above inenconed lyinge in the Comon in Waltam Forrest is to be taken of the loppinges and toppinges of the trees growinge in the same, and not otherwise because they cannot be inclosed.

MEMORAND' alsoe that the Woddwardes of these Woddes doe informe me that there is yerelie allowed out of the same an hundred and sortie loades of Wodde for fee wodd,

p me Jofiem Mead Deputatu' supvisor' Cum' [Jdicti.

t

Extracted from a Survey late in the Possession of John , Esquire, late Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods; and lent to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue by William Morton Pitt, Esquire.

Vox.. 48.

6 S

It. W.r.

280 Martii.

A. 1793.

Fifteenth Report on Land Revenue.

NAMES of the KING'S WOODS in WALTHAM FOREST, mentioned in the foregoing Surveys, taken in the 36th of Henry the VIHtb, and ist of James die 1st* with such of the Names inserted in a Plan of the said Woods, taken by Order of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue in the Year 1791 (according to the Information received by the Surveyor froth the Woodward and Keepers) as appear to agree with the Names in the said old SetVeys.

In Survey in 36 Hen. VIII.

Greate Hog Hill.

Woodmans Hill.

Hingstons Hill.

Derelop Hill.

Potterspitt Buschez.

Coghill.

Chepcote Hill, with One Pace' at the Frith Gate, and a Pece at Great Goldhurst Gate.

Ravensoke Hill.

Buckezhorne Hill.

Stround Buschez or Hill.

Martens Busches.

The Plaine between Strounde Sc Martens, & from Martens to Chigwell Way, with Gravel Pitt Busches & pte,) of Stewardz Wood, and betwixt Martens Buschez & Goffez.

Beche Hill

Colirowe Hill.

Penny Hill.

The Wood within Chapell Dych.<

In Survey in 1 Ja. I.

Great Hogg Hill.

Woodmans Hill.

Hingstons Hill.

Dereloppe.

Potterspitt Hill.

Hogg Hill.

One other pcell of_Wodd Groun^ in the same Comon.

£ Ravensoke Hill, Harthorn Hill Stround Bushes. Martens Bushes.

Beche Hill. j

Collier Rowe.

One other pSell of Wodd Ground' sometimes inclosed lying within Chapell Diche now open unto the Coffion.

In Survey in 1791.

Hog Hill Wood.

Woodmans Hill Wood.

Hensons Hill.

Daylop Hill.

Hog Hill Wood.

Note, This is supposed to be near the Iuu called die Sheep CoteS tad, near Collier How.

N»te, Part of Fetice Piece Farm Was taken out of Ravensoke Hill. Vide N° 4 in this Appendix.

Great Strood.

Little Stroad.

The Martins Wood.

Gravel Pits.

Goffs Hill Wood.

Great Beech Hill. Little Beech Hill.

Collier Row Furzes. Peany Hill Wood.

Chapel Lodge Farm.

N# 4.

(Signed) CH ARLES R.

Barking in Right Trusty and R* Welbeloved Cousin and Coun-cello' & Right Trusty and Welbeloved Counceller for Tcumte ^ee Greet yo' well. WHEREAS humble Suit hath there. bin made unto us that for the better conVeniehce of Serving God and the ease of ye Aged Weake Lame & others belonging to the wide pish of Barking in or County of Essex, Wee would be cratiously pleased to Condissend to some competent ^vision for a Pious and Orthodox Preist to officiate in a certaine Ede-fice or Chappell built on or Waste wlhin the Walke of Henholt in ye said Parrish, We have thought fitt to Grant their said humble Request, and do accordingly hereby signify or Pleasure unto you, Authoriseing you or either of you to give directions for y« passing of a Lease unto some psons to be noiated by the Pet" of one Acre of Ground already inclosed, whereupon the said Chappell is lately Erected w* a Curtelage ad-joyning to the same, and Of Sixty Acres of Ground to bee taken out of the Wasts and Coffion ground of the Forest, wll"in y« said pish, whereof four Acres at Gesham's Corner, near ye sd Chappell, and about Thirty Acres at Strawberry hills, and the residue out of Ravens Oake hill, all to be sett out by you, or one of You w,h the assistance of or Surveyor Genrall. The said Lease to be made for such Terme of Yeares, at such Yearly Rent, and under such Condiconi as you or either of you shall thinke fitt. And fhr so doing this shall be yor Warr*. Given at o* Go" at Whitehall the 22tk of July 1663, in the fifteenth yeare of o* Raigpe.

By his Mtt‘d Cdfiand

Will. Morice.

Sr Charles Harbord.

I have rec4 his Ma* directions under his Signet & Sigrte Manuall (the Copy whetedf Is hereunto an-hexed)' whereby heS is pleased tfhrf a Lease shalbe passed to some psons to be nbTtttfed by the Intiitants of great Ilford Ward in the pish of Barking in Essex, Of an Acre of ground already inclosed & a Chappell w* a small Curtilage adjoyning erected thereon. And of 60 Acres of Ground to be taken out of the Wasts & Comon grounds of y° Forest of Waltham (as they are menconed in his Ma*5 said Warrant) which are to be inclosed and applyed for y* maintenance of a Minister for the benefitt of those In-llitants who live farr distant from the Mother Church of Barking: I pray you to survey the same, setting out the pticular Metes & boundaryes thereof and put a value thereupon; And to make out a Constat thereof, in order to a Lease to be made to the psons to be noiated as aforesaid for the Terme of yeares, And to certify me what Rent you conceive fitt to be reserved, and the Provisoes and Covennts necessary to be inserted in that Lease, and what else

you

521

yctu thinke needful! to ftetf considered therein for his Mat" Service and these InBitantJ. — For w* ftc.

Aug 24. 1663. T

A trtie Copy of the Entry in the Office of His Majesty's Surveyor General.

W Harrison. Acting Surveyor General.

N‘ 5-

CARTAS ANTIQUE AA. n. 37.

flENR' Di Grt Rex Angl' &c. Sciatis roe red-didisse et cbcessisse & hac carta mea cfifirmasse Ric' de Mflfichet & HSdibz suis Custodiam tocius Foreste mei de Essexia & Domor' mear' <FHavr?ing & aliar Do-mor' mear' ubicilq' fuerint in pdca Foresta cu omibz Farcis meis et ctl omibz ptinencijs ad dc?am Castor diam ptitientibz, HEN DA & custodieuda fteditarie de me & de H?dibz meis sicut antecessores sui ilia melius & integrius de meis pdecessoribz aliquo tempe pacis tenuerunt. Tali vero Coodifione qd nullus serviens assit in pdca foresta nisi p Menu* dci Ricardi positus, ad illam custodienda' Pre? illos qui in DfiiciS Mi?aijs meis feodati servientes fuerint I pi autem ser-vientes feodati ad pdcnm Ricardum omirio sint intendentes Sc de omibz qui ad Baillias illor' ptinent eidem sint respondentes et HSdbz suis sicut Capitali Forestario meode Essexia. Hijs Test'.

This is a true Copy of the Recprd in the Tower of London, having been examined.

Robert Lemon,

Chief Clerk.

N° 6.

expulsione vel amotiode eOr' Seu eor* alicuj* ab eisdem Fifteenth Report Officiis seu eor' aliquo p the pfat* Comitem heredes on Lan R*venue-vel assignat' meos field* ET qd ijdem Senescallus lo-' cum tenens et alij forestarij sic p eundem Dnm Regem notand' constituend* et deputand' tleant omia ac talia hujusmodi feod' vadia et pficua qualia aliquis Senescallus locum tenens sive forestarii p me vel Antecessores meos ante liec tempora fact' aliquo tempprO buerfit seu eor' aliquis fiuit pcepit vel gavisus suit RacBne Officii pdict* seu eor' alicuj' ITA semp qd quandocfiq' pdca officia seu eor aliquod post decessu* pdict* Dni Regis p mortem ResignacSein vel aliter vacare contigerit tunc bene licebit michi pfat' Co-miti et hered' meis locum tenentem meu' et alios, Fo-restarios in eadem facere ordinare substitue adeO libere et integre put ego seu aliquis Antecessor' meor* unqm ante hec tempora feci seu fecimus Hoc present!

SCRIPTO et concessione mea in aliquo non obstante IN CUJ' Rei testimoniu* huic psent' Scripto med Sigillu' men' apposui DAT' vicesimo secundo die February Anno Regni pdict' Dfii Regis nunc Henrici octavi duodecimo.

John Oxinford.

Ex&iatur et concordat cum Original', p Car' S. Eliis Cleric' Georg' Rose Ar' tod* Recordorum.

N* 7.

Inter Recorda in Thesaurario Curiae Receptae Scaccarij adservata, in Baga indorsat', " ESSEX' Plac' et Clam' Forest®" viz: in Pixide indorsat' " Essex, Thearle of Oxfordes Deade " of deptinge fro the Foreste of Waltham A* " 12 H. 8. p vita Regis. N* IX." continetur ut sequkur.

OMIBU9 Xpi fidelibus ad quos hoc psens Sdrip1-turn pvenerit Jobes Comes Oxon' SALTM CUM ego pfat' Comes de et in Officiis Custodis ac Senes-Calli tocius Foreste Dni Regis de Essex' vulgari^ nun-Cupat' Walthm Forest in Com' Essex' jure hereditario seisitus exist' ut de feodo et jure ad quodquidem Officiu' Custodis nffiatio constitutio et admissio cu-jusdam locum tenent' p tota' forestam pdcam ac unius forestarij equitantis et triu' forestarior' pe-destriu' voc&t' Yeomen Fosters in tribus ballivatis ejusd' foreste a tempore quo non extat memoria ptinet et ptinere dinosct? Quiquidnl locum tenens tut Forestarij pdict' divsa sepalia feoda regarda et emolumenta eisdem Officiis ptinen' a pdict' tempore hftbUerih et pceperiit in eisderti Ac cum ppotentis-Sim* DfiS Henric' Rex noster Anglie modernus in pdict' Fofesta recteacsis vena2oisq' causa ppter corpis sui Sfibitatem p ce¥is ForOstis pcis et chaeeis infra Regna* slid' qm plurimu' delecta? NOVBITIS me pfaf Comitem complaeeticiam ipius pexcellentisimi Dni Regis adimplere et quantum in me est ampliare affectantetn dedisse et hoc psenti SCRIPTO meo concessisse eidem Dno Regi qd ipe durante vita sua omes hujusmodi locum tenentem Senescallum ac Fo-restarios in eadem Foresta. noiabit constituet et de-putabit quiquidem locum tenerts Senescallus ac Fo-restarij sic p enndem Dfim Regem noiand' et consli-fuend' bflioi Officia fiabut et exercebunt ex done et Cdticessione pdfi Dfii Reg' durante vita ejusdem Dni R^gis seu ad lerminu' hujusmodi locum tenentis Se-ncscalli et Fofestarior' vel durante bene placito ipius Dfii Reg' sicut sue Majestati videbi? absq' contradiccone Vo 1. 48.

Sexta Pars PATEN' de anno Regni Regis JACOBI primo. m. 30.

D. Con' sibi & Hered' "I REX OMIBZ ad quos p Edr5 Comite Oxon* J & Salim Sciatis qd cum

Jobes deVere nup Comes Oxon' -Anno Regni Henrici octavi nup Regis Anglie Antecessoris nri quarto huit Sc tenuit sibi & He-redibz suis imppm Ballivam tocius Forest' nr' Essex' ad quamquidem Ballivam Custod' Parci & Domor' nror' de Havering a tempore a quo Contrar' Memor* Hominu' adtunc non exdtit ptinuit & ptinere de-buit aceciam Offic' Custod' Sc Senescall' tocius Forest' in & de Essex' in pdict' Com' Essex' et Custod' & Senescalciam ejusdem Forest' NOS pmissa Consideran' Restituim5 & Concessim' ac p Presentes p nob' He-fedibz & Successoribz nns Restituim* Sc Concedim, pditco Consanguineo nro Edwardo modo Comiti Oxon' Consanguineo & Hered' Masculo dfii Jobis nup Comitis Oxon' TOT pdict' Ballivam tocius Forest' de Essex' pdict' ac Custod' pdict parci Sc Domor' nrof' de Havering pdict' ac Offic' Custod' Sc Senescall' tocius pdict' Forest' de Essex' ac Custod' & SenesCalc' ejusdem Forest' cum omibz Feod' & Vadis ad pdict' Ballivam Seneschalc'Jfc Custod' sive ear' all-quam ab antiquo ptinen' HEND' & TENEND' Pdict* Ballivam tocius Forest' de Essex' pdict' ac pdict' Custod' pdict Parc' & Domor' de Havering pdict ac pdict' Offic' Custod' & Seneschall' tocius pdict' Forest' ac Custod' & Seneschalciam ejusdem Forest' pfat Edwardo Comiti Oxon' Heredibz & Assign* suis imppm cum omibz Feod' Sc Vad' eisdem Ballive Seneschalc' Sc Custodie & eor' cuilt ab antiquo ptinen' sive spectan' adeo plene libe & integre sicut pdict' Jobes nup Comes Oxon' aut aliquis antecessor' pdict' Comit' Ballivam Seneschalc' Sc Custod' ill* prius huit aut here debult VOLtTMs TAMEN A p psentes firmiV Pcipim5 Sc mandam* p‘ato Ed-, wardo Comiti Oxon' Heredibz & Assign' suis qd quest psona & psone tempore Confeccois har' Lrar' nrar' patenciu' Bens occupans vel eScens hentes occupantes

vel

Fifteenth Rej>ort on Land Revenue.

528 2b° Martii. I i ' A*. -1793V.

vel eScentes aliquod Offic' Custod' pambulacoem sive locum aut aliqua offic* Custod' pambulacoes sive loca in circa vel infra Ballivam Forest' nr' ^dict' aut Custod' & Seqeschalc' ejusdem Forest' aut Custod' Parci & Domor' nror' ^dict' virtute seu collore ali-quar' Lrar' Patenciu' sive concession' p nos aut p Dnam Elizabeth' nup Reginam Angl' aut aliquem al' progenitor' sive antecessor' nror' eis aut eor 'alicui sub magno Sigillo Anglie aut sub aliquo also Sigillo nro aut aliquor' progenitor' sive Antecessor' nror' eis aut eor' alicui antehac fact' aut ali? de ce9o pleue quiete & pacifice here exlcere & occupare possit & valeat possint & valeant eadem offic' Custod' pam-bulac' sive Loc' eis aut eor' alicui sic ut {ifer? con-cess' cum omibz Vad' Feod' Regard' pficuis & Emoluments eisdem Offic' Custod' pambulac' sive Loc' ptinen' sive spectan* scdm tenorem & eficm ear'dem Lrar' Patenciu' sive Concession' eis aut eor' alicui inde fact' absq' aliqua pturbacde molestacoe inquietacoe sive gravamine fidict' Edwardi Comitis Oxon' Heredum vel Assignqtor' suor' aliquo in psentifez incon-trariu' inde non obstan' nisi sit p assensum nrm aut Heredum vel Successor' nror' in ea parte prius hit' ET pdcus Edwardus Comes Oxon' p se Heredihz et assign' suis convenit & concedit ad et cum Nob' He-redibz et SuccessoritSz nris p Rentes qd ipe pfatus Edwardus Comes Oxon' Heredes Assign' sui quiete tc pacifice pmittent quamlt psonam & quaslt psonas tempore confeccois har' Lrar' nrar' Patenciu' hen' occupah' vel eScen' hentes occupantes vel eScentcs

aliquod offic' pambulac' sive Loc' aut aliqua offic* Custod' pambulac' sive Loc' in circa vel infra Ballivam Forest' nr' pdict' aut custod' & Seneschalc' ejusdem Forest' aut in circa vel infra custod' parci & Domor' nror' fklict' virtute seu colore Aliquar' Lrar' patenciu' seu concession' p nos aut p Dnam Elizabeth' nup' Reginam Anglie aut aliquem al' fklecessor' nror' eis aut eor* alicui sub magno Sigillo Anglie aut sub aliquo also Sigillo nro aut aliqu' progenitor' sive Antecessor' nror* eis aut eor' alicui antehac fact' aut ali? de ceter' plene libe quiete & pacifice here eScere & occupare eadem Offic' Custod' pambulac' sive Loc' eis aut eor' alicui- sicut fjfer? concess' cum omibz Vad' Feod' Regard' pficuis & Emoluments quibuscunq' eisdem offic' Custod' pambulac' sive Loc' ptinen' sive spectan' scdm Tenor' ac Effect' sepaliu' Lrar' patenciu' sive Concess* eis aut eor' alicui inde fact* absq' aliqua pturbacoe molestacoe inquietacoe sive gravamine fklict' Edwardi Comitis Oxon' Heredum & Assignator' suor' nisi fuer' p Assensum nrm Heredum aut Successor' nror' in ea parte prius hit* EO qd ex^ssa Mencio &c. IN CUJUS Rei &c. T. R. apud Westmr xviij Die Julij.

p Bre de privato Sigillo &c.

This is a true Copy from the original Record remaining in the Chapel of the Rolls, having been examined.

John Kipling.

N* 8.

AFTER, &c. — WHEREAS there has been heretofore paid at the Receipt of Exchequer unto the Warden of the Forest of Waltham, in the County of Essex, to be distributed and paid over to and amongst the respective Officers of the said Forest, the several Fees and Allowances hereafter mentioned (that is to say)

To the Chief Ranger vj4 d diem, which amounts to p Annum ——

To the Woodward and Keeper of the Woods within the Walks of Chappel Henault -

To the Underkeeper of Waltham Stow Walk viij-i p diem ——

To the Underkeeper of Leighton Walk, iiij'1 p d° ——

To the Underkeeper of Walwood and Homefrith Woods iijd p d* - -

To the Underkeeper of Woodford Walk viij4 p d* -

To the Underkeeper of Loughton and Lambourne Walks d# ——

To the Underkeeper of New Lodge Walk d" ——

To the Underkeeper of Chinkford Walk d# ——

And to the Lieutenant of the said Forest, to be by him paid and distributed to Ten Under-keepers, and Five Under Rangers, and other Persons by him employed for her Majesty's Service there; and for their encouragement to preserve the Deer and Game, p annum - -

p Annum

£. s. d %

926 20---

1234

6 1 8

4113

12 3 4 12 3 4 12 3 4 12 3 4

132 17 10

233 10 —

These are by virtue of her Majesty's General Letters Patents Dormant, bearing Date the 19th Day of March 1701, to pray and require Your Lordship to draw an Order for paying unto the present Warden and Lieutenant of the said Forest of Waltham, or to their or either of their Assigns, the Sum of One hundred and Sixteen pounds Fifteen Shillings, for half a Year due on the said several Fees and Allowances at Midsummer last 1703, the same to be received without account, and to be paid over and distributed by the said Warden and Lieutenant or either of them to and amongst the present Rangers Woodward and Keepers of the said Forest and other persons employed therefor the Half Year due to them as aforesaid: And let the said Order be satisfied out of any her Majesty's Treasure being and remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, applicable to the Uses of the Civil Government; and for so doing this shall be your Warrant. Cockpit Treasury Chambers 6th July 1703.

Godolphin.

To Auditor Receipt.

AFTER, &c. — By virtue of her Majesty's General Letters Patents dormant, bearing date 19th Mar h 1701, These are tcf pray and require your Lordship to draw one or more Orders for paying unto the presents Warden and the Lieutenant of the Forest of Waltham, in the County of Essex, or to their or either of their Ap igns the Sum of 122/. 5 s.without Account, the same being intended to be paid over and distributed by the said Warden and Lieutenant or either of them, to and amongst the Rangers Woodward Keepers and other Officers of the said Forest hereafter particularly mentioned, for so much due on the Fees and Allowances which have been

33 Geo. III. 28° 529

been accustomed to be paid them in respect of their several Offices and Employments, at Michaelmas last 1703; that is to say,

p Annum

£ s d.

9 2 6

20 — ——

12 3 4

6 1 8

4 11 3

12 3 4

12 3 4

12 3 4

12 3 4

132 17 11

36 10

270 — —

To the Chief Ranger vj4 p diem $ Year due Michaelmas 1703 -

To the Woodward and Keeper of the Woods within the Walks of Chappel Henault for the same Quarter - -

To the Underkeeper of Walthamstow Walk at viij4 p diem d°

To the Underkeeper of Leighton Walk at iiij4 p diem d®

To the Underkeeper of Walwood and Homefrith Woods at iij4 p d°

To the Underkeeper of Woodford Walk at viij4 p diem d*

To the Underkeeper of Loughton and Lambourne Walks at viij4 d° -To the Underkeeper of New Lodge Walk at viij4 p diem d° -To the Underkeeper of Chinkford Walk at viij4 p diem d#

To the Lieutenant of the said Forest, to be by him paid and distributed to ten Underkeepers, and five Under Rangers, and other Persons by him employed for her Majesty's Service, and for their Encouragement to preserve the Deer and Game, for the same Quarter ——

To the three Foresters, as Masters of the several Walks within the said Forest, on a Fee of £. 36. 10. p Annum heretofore paid in the Office of Treasurer of the Chamber, upon the Establishment there, and is for One Year and Three Quarters due thereupon, from Christmas 1701 (the Time from which the several Fees and Allowances before mentioned were paid by her Majesty) to Michaelmas last 1703, the said Fee being no longer to be continued on the said Establishment, but to be paid at the Receipt of Exchequer with the rest of the Officers' of the stud Forest -

I. s. d. 2 5 7*

5 ——

3 — 10 1 10 5 1 2 gi 3 — >o 3 — 10 3 — 10 3 — 10

33 4 5

63 17 6 122 5 —

And let the said Order ojr Orders be satisfied out of any of her Majesty's Treasures now or hereafter being and remaining in the Receipt of Exchequer applicable to the Uses of the Civil Government, For which this shall be your Lordship's Warrant. Whitehall Treasury Chambers 22d October 1703.

Godolphin.

To Auditor Receipt

AFTER &c. — By virtue of her Majesty's General Letters Patent dormant, bearing date the 19th day of March 1701, These are to pray and require your Lordship to draw an Order for paying unto the present Warden and Lieutenant of the Forest of Waltham in the County of Essex, or to their or either of their Assigns, the Sum of £. 135 without Account; The same being intended to be paid over and distributed by the said Warden and Lieutenant or either of them to and amongst the Rangers Woodward Keepers and other Officers of the said Forest hereafter particularly mentioned, for half a Year due at Lady Day last 1704 on the several Fees and Allowances which have been accustomed to be paid them in respect of their several Offices and Employments, being according to the Distribution thereof from time to time by the Lieutenant of the said Forest, viz.

p Annum

£. s. d. £ s. d>

10 To the Chief Ranger at £. 10 p Annum for half Year from Michaelmas 1703,

to Lady-day 1704 ----- ----- - 5 — —

20 To the Woodward and Keeper of the Woods within the Walk of Chappel

Henault, for the same time - -- 10 —

20 To the Underkeeper of Waltham Stowe Walk for d#, f Year - - - - 10 —

20 To the Underkeeper of Leighton, Walwood & Homefrith d* - 10

20 To the Underkeeper of Woodford Walk d° ----- -- 10

20 To the Underkeeper of Loughton Walk d° ——

20 To the Underkeeper of New Lodge Walk d®

20 To the Underkeeper of Lambourne Walk d* ----- - 10

20 To the Underkeeper of Chinkford Walk d® -

20 To the Underkeeper of Epping Walk d® - -- -- 10

20 To the Underkeeper of East Henault Walk d® ----- - 10

20 To the Underkeeper of West Henault Walk d® ——

40 To the Four Under Rangers of the said Forest to be equally distributed among

them - -- - - 20

10 0 1 1 £ 135 —

And let the same be satisfied out of any her Majesty's Treasure now or hereafter being and remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer, applicable to the Uses of the Civil Government; and for so doing this shall be your Warrant: Whitehall Treasury Chambers 3d July 1704.

Godolphin.

To Lord Halifax Auditor Receipt of Exchequer.

Vol. 48. 6 T N* 9.

Fifteenth Report on Land Revenue.

Fifteenth lUpert on Land Revenue, v ----- -,

N* 9.

ESSEX.

Officiu'Woodward'infra Forrest* de Wnltharn et offic* ball' equitap' de Barking in Com' Bd' cu' ffeod' viz. p

£ f; d.

Woodward' xxvj. xiij. iiiij.

rf.

JACOBUS Dei gfa

Angl' Scotie ffranc'

et Hibernie Rex fidei

Defensor &c. O M-

N I B U S ad quos

P sen' Lfe pvenerint

_ . , salutera C U' nos p

etpBall eqqitan xxxnj. ny. J L?as n?as sut>

magno Sigillo nro Angl' confect' geren' dat' apml Westm' Sexto die Octobr' Anno Regni nfi Anglic ffirancie et Hibernie quinto et Scotie quadragesimo primo p considerat' in cisdem Iris nfis paten' express' et spificat* dederimus et concesserimus dilco nobis Robto Barefoote geneross' officiu' Woodward' et Custod' omiu' et singlor' boscor' nror' jacen' et existen' infra 0 ambulac' ae Chappie Henault et de Estholt ats lienault in Forest' nro de Waltham in Com' nro Essex' Ac ipm Robtm Barefoote Woodward' et Cus-tod' boscor' nror' pred' fecerimus creaverimus et Con-stituerimus p easdem Lfas nras paten' nec non p easdem Lras nfas paten' dederimus et concesserimus eidem Robto Barefoote Officiu' ballivi equitan' tin omiu' et singlor dnior' et maner' de Barkingc et omiu' et singulor' dnior' et maner pcell' possess' nup' monr,‘ de Barkinge in Com' nro Essex' qm omiu' lititat' vo-cat' le Eastholt ats Henholt et Grayshams hall fee et alibi infra fforest' de Waltham ac omiu' et singlor' reddit' pencion' et porcion' Cur' let' libtat fin' exit' amrcia.ment' heriet' waviat' extrahur' quofcunq' dcis Dniis et Maner' in dco Com' Essex' ullo modo spectan' vel ptinen' Ac ipm Robtm Barefoote ball' equitan' omiu' et singlor' f)miss' fecerimus ordinaverimus et constituerimus p easdem Lras nras paten' ad oia ex-ercend' faciend' tenend' psequend' pagend' pimplend' et exequend' diet' offic Ball' equitan' quoquomodo tangen' vel concemen' ita qd de denar' et oibz exit' redd' firm' et Revenc' j5miss' de tempe in tempus pvenien' et crescen' ac nobis debit' et ptinen' ad man' general' Receptor' nfi diet' Com' nfi Essex' p tempe existen' singtis ann' responderet sedm formam et effcm statut' anno regni Edwardi sexti nup' Regis An-plie septimo in eo casu nup' edit' et pviss' HABEND' gaudend' et exercend' pdict' offic' et eor' alter pfato Robto Barefoote p se vel p sufficien' Deputat' Ss sive deputat' ss sufficien' a confeccone dear' Lfar' nr' paten' ad termin' et p termio vite ipius Robti Et ul-terius p easdem Lras nras paten' dederimus et concesserimus pfat' Robto Barefoote pro exercicio et occupacone offic' wodward' et Custod' boscor' nror' Pdict' vad' et feod' quadragint' M'car' p Ann' Ac p exercicio et occupacone diet' officij ballivi equitan' vad' et feod' Trigint' triu' solid' et quatuor denar' p Ann' Recipiend' et capiend* ann* de exit reddit' firm et RevencSibz offic' pd' de tempe in tempus pvenien' crescen' acciden'- et em'gen' tm p man 3s pprias et in man' ss pprijs retinend' qm p man' gen'al' Receptor' nri dci Com' nri Essex' p tempe existen' ad feet' sci Michis Archi et Annuncacon' bfe Marie virgin' p equal' porcoes solvend' duran' vita ipius Robti Barefoote unaeu' omnibz advantag' Comoditat' et pheminenc' deo officio Woodward' quoquo modo spectan* vel ptinen' Aceliam cu' oibz al' feod' vad' alloeacoibz libatur' diett' pfic' Coffioditat1 advantag' aucthoritat' libtat' locis et pheminen' quibzcunq' diet' offie' Ballivi equitan' de jure debit' consuet' spectan' vel ptin' in tam amplis modo et forma put Paulus Baron ats Barnes diet' officiu' ballivi equitan' exercen' et occupan tunc llet seu here deberet aut nup' buit seu here debuit put in eisdem Iris nris paten' ple-nius continet' Quiquidem Robtus Barefoote adhuc supst' est ut certam inde stemus noticiam SCIATIS igitr qd nos de gra nfa spial ac ex cert' sciencia et

12

mero motu nris p meliori gubnacone et pservacone omiu' et singlor' boscor' nror' jacen' et existen' infra pambulacoes de Chappie Henault et de Estholt' ats henault in dca Forest' de Waltham in dco Com' nro Essex' Dedimus et concessimus ac p Psen' p nobis hered' et Successor' nris damus et concedimus ditcis nobis Johni Holmes et Gersori' Holmes filio ss et eor' alter' conjunctim et divisim diet' offic' Woodward' et Custod' omiu' et singul' dcor' boscor' nror jacen' et existen' infra pambulac' de Chappie Henault et de Estholt ats Henault in Forest' pd' Ac ipos Johnem Holmes et Gerson' Holmes et eor' alter' Woodward' et Custod' ac Woodward' et Custod' bosc' nror pd' facimus creamus et Constituimus p psen' Necnon de eadem gra nra spiali certa scientia et mero motu nris dedimus et concessimus ac p Psen' p nobis hered' et successor' nris damus et Concedimus eisdem Johni Holmes et Gerson' Holmes et eor' alter' conjunctim et divisim diet' offic' ball' equitan' tam omiu' et singulor Dominior' et Manerior' de Barkinge et omiu' et singulor' Dominior' et Manerior' pcell' possess' nup' Monaster' de Barking in Com' nro Essex' qm omiu' libtat' voc' le Estholt ats Henholt et Graysham's Hall Fee et alibi infra Forest' de Waltham ac omiu' et singulor' red' person et porcon' Cur' let' libtat' finiu' exit' am'ciament' hiett' waviat' exbur' quorcunq' dcis dniis et Maner' in dco Com' Essex' ullo modo spectan' vel ptinen' Ac ipos Johnem Holmes et Gerson' Holmes et eor' alter' conjunctim et divisim ball' et ballivos equitan' omiu' et singtor' pmissor' facimus ordinamus et Constituimus p psen' ad oia exercend' faciend' tenend' psequend' pagend' pimplend' et exequend' diet' offic' ball' equitan' quo-quomodo tangen' vel concemen' Itaq' de Denar' et oibz' exit' redd' firm' et Revencoibz pmiss de tempe in tempus pvenien et Crescen' ac nobis debit' et ptinen' ad man' genalis Rec' nri dci Com' nfi Essex' p tempe existen' singtis ann' respondeant et eor' alter' respondeat sedm form' et Effcm statut' anno regni Edward' Sexti nup' Regis Anglie septimo in eo casu nup' edit' et pviss' HABEND' gaudend' et exercend' pd' officia et eor' alter' pfat Johni Holmes et Gerson' Holmes et eor' alter' conjunctim et divisim p se vel p sufficien' deputat' ss sive deputatos ss sufficien' vel deputat' sufficien' eor' alter' a tempe mort' pfati' Robti Barefoote vel cu' et qm cito diet' offic' p Sursumredd' foris-factur' aut al' quemeunq' modu' prim' ex pxim' va-car' contigerit ad termin' et p termio vitar' ipor' Johnis et Gerson' et vit' eor' alter' diutius viven' ET ulterius de amplior' gra nra damus ac p psen' p nobis hered' et Success' nris concedimus pfat Johni et Gerson' Holmes p exercicio et occupacone offic' Woodward' et Custod' bosc' nror' pd' vad' et feod' quadragint' m'car' p Ann' Ac p exercit' et occupacone diet' offic' ball' equitan' vad' et feod' Trigint' triu' solid' et quatuor denar' p Ann' Recipiend' et capiend' anuatim de exit' redd' firm et Revencoibz offic' Pd' de tempe in tempus pvenien' & crescen' acciden' et em'gen' tm p man' 3s pprias et in man' ss Pprijs retinend' qm p, man' general' Receptor' nfi diet' Com' nfi Essex' p tempe existen' ad festa Anunc' bte Marie virgin' et sci Micbis Archi p equal' porcoes solvend' a tempore mortis pd' Robti Barefoote vel cu' et qm cito diet' offic' sic ut pfert' prim' et pxim' vacar' contiger' duran' vita ipor' Johnis Holmes et Gerson' Holmes et vit' eor' alter' diutius viven' unaeu' oibz advantag' Comodit' et pheminenc' diet' offic' Woodward' quoquo modo spectan' vel ptin' Acetiam cu' oibz al' feod' vad' allocac' libatur' diet' pfic' Comodit' Advantag' authoritat' libtat' locis et pheminen' quibzcunq' deo officio ball' equitan' de jure consuet' spectan' vel. ptin' in tam amplis modo et forma put deus Paulus Baron ats Barnes aut pnoiat' Robtus Barefoote dem offic' Ball' equitan' exercen' et occupan' bet seu herq debet aut nup' huit seu here debuit EO qd express' naepSo de vero valore anuo aut de

aliqro

S3 Gko. III. 28 ? Matin.531

aliquo al' valore vel certrtud' pmiss' sive eor' alicujfis Two or three Trees for repairing the Pond Head Fifteenth Report avit de al' donis sive Concess' p nos seu p aliquem aforesaid, some Time before he was appointed Wood on Land Revenue, pgenitor' nror' {ifet' Jofeni Holmes et Gerson' Holmes ward; but the repairing of the said Forest Gales, and v — J ante hec tempora fact' in ^sen' minime fact' existit the Pond Head, was always done with Pollard Trees aut aliquo statuto actu ordinacone pvisione pclamacone while he was Woodward.

sive restriction' incontriu' inde antehac hit' fact'edit' That there are Seventy Three Assignments of Fuel ordinat' seu pviss' aut aliqua alia re causa vel materia Wood set out and assigned Yearly, on or about Can-quacunq' in aliquo non obstan' IN CUJUS rei dlemas Day. within the King's Woods, to the Owners Testimon' has Lras nras fieri fecimus paten' Teste me of Seventy-three Estates, or Parts of Estates, in the

Parishes of Barking and (to wit, Thirty-

four Assignments in Barking, and Thirty-nine in genham) according to the List hereto annexed. That each Assignment contains Five Loads or Five hundred of Faggots, as near as can be estimated, which are cut from the Loppings of Pollard Trees only, That the Quantity of Wood in the Assignments was formerly very irregular, and much greater than it has been of late Years: in particular, he remembers One Assignment before he was Woodward, which was said to contain Eighteen hundred of Faggots. That, in order in the County of Essex; taken on Oath, tire to make the Assignments as equal as possible, and to 19th Day of September 1791. avoid Partiality, this Examinant brought to his Assistance from another Part of the Forest one,

This Examinant saith. That he was born at Chig- Woodward to Sir James Tylney Long, and a good Judge well, within the Forest of Waltham, and is now up- of such Matters, and set out Five hundred Faggots wards of Seventy six Years of Age: That he well for each Assignment; but some of the Claimants not

knows the said Forest, having resided within or near being satisfied with their Assignments, this Examinant it the greater Part of his Life Time: That he was received an Order from the Forty Day Court to pay appointed Woodward of the King's Woods there by a Guinea to any Person so dissatisfied, and to sell the the Warden of the said Forest, on the Death of Edward Assignment; but no one ever accepted that payment;

Meredith, late Woodward and Keeper of East-Henholt and after many Disputes with the Claimants, in the Walk, about Fourteen Years ago; but cannot exactly Course of Three or Four Years, the Assignments were recollect in what Year; and that some Time after- fixed at that Quantity, and have so continued ever wards he was appointed by John Pitt, Esquire, late since.

Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods and Forests, That the Keepers of East and West-Henault Walks, to be his Deputy in the said Forest, and had a Mark- and also the Claimants, commonly attended on setting ing-Hammer delivered to him by the said Mr. Pitt out the Assignments; and the Method of doing it was, for marking any Trees belonging to His Majesty after viewing the Woods, to mark out a Space of which might be cut down without Authority, as well Ground, computed to contain so many Pollards as as such as might be cut for His Majesty's Use. That would produce from the Loppings thereof the Quan-the Duty or Business of his Office of Woodward was tity of Faggots due to each Claimant, and to mark to take Care of the King's Woods; to set out the As- the Pollards round the Outside of that Space with the signments of Wood for the Use of the Persons entitled Letters, denoting each Person's Assignment, and set to have Fuel from the King's Woods; to cause the against their Names in the said List. That all the Forest Gates on the Borders of the Part called The Maiden Trees and Saplings were first marked by the King's Forest, and also the Head of the Pond called Woodward, or Persons appointed by him, to be left Hog Hill Pond, or Lord's Pond, within that Part of the to stand for Timber; after which the Assignments were Forest, to be repaired when necessary, and ordered to left to be cut or sold by the Claimants at their own be done by the Forty Day Court. That his Salary as Option; and Instances have frequently happened of the Woodward was Twenty Pounds a Year, which was Owners or Purchasers of the Assignments cutting more received from the Exchequer by the Warden, and Wood than belonged to them, and also of topping young paid over to him, but was reduced by Fees or other Trees to make Pollards of them, notwithstanding the Charges to the clear Sum of Seventeen Pounds and Endeavours of the Woodward and Keepers, and the Seven Shillings per Annum. That he had no Fees or Orders of the Forty Day Court, to prevent the same.

Emoluments besides that Salary, as Woodward, except That the Number of the Assignments has always been the Privilege of taking dead or decayed Wood for the same during lus Remembrance, but several of the Fuel for his own Use, but none for Sale; and he did Houses upon the Estates to which the Assignments not receive any Salary or Fee as Deputy to the Sur- belong, and in which Houses it is generally under-veyor General. That at the last Forty Day Court held stood the Fuel ought to be expended, have been pulled on the Eighth of August last, he resigned the said Of- down, and in some Instances only the Chimney of the fice of Woodward, on Account of his Age and ill House (called a Smoke Hole) is left standing to pre-State of Health, and the Smallness of the Salary, which serve the Right to the Assignment; and where One was insufficient to pay for the Trouble and Expence Claimant happens to be the Owner or Occupier of attending it. several Estates entided to Assignments, he receives

In regard to Timber or Wood cut within the King's Two, Three, or more Assignments, though occupying Woods in the said Forest, this Examinant saith. That only One House.

there hath not been any Timber felled there for the That besides the said Seventy-three Assignments,

Use of the Navy within his Memory, nor any Timber there have been Yearly One' hundred Loads, or Ten or Wood sold from thence to his Knowledge for the thousand, of Faggots, cut in the King's Woods for the King's Use. That the last Timber he remembers Use of the Warden, and sold by the Woodward at the being felled in the said Woods was taken out of the Rate of Seven Shillings and Sixpence per Hundred,

Forest in or about the Year 1736, and was sold by the amounting to Thirty-seven Pounds and Ten Shillings Steward of the late Earl Tylney, and that this Examin- per Year (exclusive of the Charge of cutting, being ant assisted in carrying the same out of the Forest. Three Shillings and Sixpence per Hundred). That

That since that Time there hath not been any Timber the Master Keepers of the Three Walks of Wood/crd, felled or sold, either for Repairs or otherwise, except Loughlon, and Lamborne, have constantly had from the Voi»' 48. King's

ipo apud Westm vicesimo octaVo die Januar anno regtu nri' Anglie ffrancie et Hibernie quint© et Scotie qua-dragesimo primo.

Saunders.

p bre de privat' Sigill' &c.

N* 10.

The Examination of John Fuller, late W'oodward of the King's Woods in the Forest of Waltham,

532 28° Martii. A. 1793.

Fifteenth Report King's Woods an Allowance of Wood called Livery Deer, the Remains of which Browsewood is picked up

onLand Revenue. Logs, or Fifty Shillings in Money yearly in lieu there- by the Keepers and poor People for Fuel. That the

v' ~J of, which Allowance was always paid in Money by this Deer also browse the Wood cut for the Assignments,

Examinant; but he remembers, before he was Wood- on which Account the Forty Day Court, upon an Ap-

ward, decaying Pollards being sometimes assigned to plication some Time since from some of the Claimants,

them for their Livery Logs, of the Value of Fifty Shil- to alter the Time of setting out the Assignments, re-lings or thereabouts. That the Money for the said fused to comply therewith, that the Deer might not Livery Logs was always paid by this Examinant out lose the Benefit of browsing that Wood, of the Money arising irom the Sale of the Ten thou- That there were allowed for several Years to the

sand Faggots, cut for the Warden's Use, until the last Innkeeper at the King's Head Inn in where

Year (1790) when it was paid by him out of Money the Forty Day Court is held, Five Stacks of Wood out

raised from the King's Woods, by the Sale of old Pol- of the King's Woods, but, for the last Two Years, only lards; and the Price of the said Ten thousand Faggots Three Stacks have been allowed to him, by Order of was paid to the Warden, without Deduction; and the Sir James Tylney Long.

same has also been done this present Year. That the Owners or Occupiers of Lands adjoining

That there are Two hundred Faggots Yearly as- to the Part called The King's Forest are sometimes al-signed from the said Woods to the Vicar of Dagenham, lowed to have Bushes from the King's for re-

by ancient Custom; and every poor Widow, living pairing their Fences next to the said Forest, but not within those Parts of the Parishes of Barking and Da- without an Order in Writing from One of the Verde-genham, which lie within the Bounds of the Forest; rors, directed to the Woodward or Keepers, specifying and not receiving Alms from the Parish, and whose the Quantity allowed, and to be cut where they think -Husband has been dead a Year, is entitled to a Load most fit.

,of Wood Yearly on Easter Monday, so long as she re- That there are Eight hundred Faggots Yearly, as-mains a Widow, bringing a Certificate from the Mini- signed to the Tenant of Chapel Farm, which is now ster or Churchwardens, to shew her Right to it. That let by the Warden of the Forest to Mr. James Druce, the Number of the Widows claiming that Allowance which Farm was rented by this Examinant, under the varies every Year. That the Quantity of Wood al- late Earl Tylney, at Forty Guineas a Year, for about lowed to them is limited by an Order of the Forty Ten Years prior to the Year 1783, when he quitted Day Court to Fifty Bundles, and to be all taken away it. That he was the First Tenant who rented that at One Load. That such Widows as take the Wood Farm, or had that Allowance of Wood, which was are required to give Notice thereof, about a Week allotted to him by Order of Sir James Tylney Long, before Easter, to the Woodward, with the Names of the present Warden, who managed the Affairs of Lord the Persons who are to cut and carry away the same,; and the same has been continued to the Tenant

and the Woodward then assigns the Places where it is of that Farm ever since. That before this Examinant , . to be cut; and such Widows as are not able to pro- rented the said Farm, the House called Chapel Lodge

cure a Team to carry their Load of Wood, on that was inhabited by One John Banks, One of the Keepers Day, are paid Eight Shillings by the Woodward in of mult-Forest, which Lodge he supposed, from lieu thereof (by virtue of an Order of the Forty Day the Figures 1610 being carved over the Door, to have Court, made about Six or Seven Years ago) out of been built in that Year. That this Examinant has Money raised by Sale of Faggots, or old decayed Pol- heard that the Land which belonged to Chapel Lodge, lards, cut into Stackwood for Fuel. A Stack of such was originally only Four Acres, being a little Mea-Wood Fourteen Feet long, Three Feet wide, and dow and Orchard on the South Side of the House, and Three Feet high, is sold for Twelve Shillings; the that the rest of the Land now held with it was inclosed Expence of cutting being Five Shillings, the clear from the Forest for providing Hay for the Deer, Value thereof is Seven Shillings per Stack. which is a common Tradition in the Neighbourhood;

That the late Carew Harvey Mildmay, of Marks but he does not remember when it was inclosed, nor House, near Rurnford, Esquire, had a Quantity of Pol- ever knew any Hay made there for the Deer. That lard Trees sufficient to make Twelve hundred Shides the Keeper Banks did not make Hay on any other of Cleft Wood (computed to contain Half a Foot of Part than the said Four Acres of Meadow, nor plow Wood or Timber in each) and also Twelve Loads of any Part of the Land, but used to take in Horses Bushes assigned to him Yearly from the King's Woods to Grass during the Fence Month, at a certain Rate per during all the Time that this Examinant was Wood - Week, which this Examinant understood was ac-ward, until the Death of the said Mr. Mildmay, in the counted for to Lord Tylney s Steward. That the Year 1789; but there being some Doubt concerning Fences were made up for that Purpose some Time be-the Right to that Assignment, this Examinant was or- fore the Fence Month began; but after the Fence dered by the Forty Day Court to discontinue assigning Month they were suffered to be broke down, and the the same after Mr.'Mildmay s Death, until the Right Deer and Cattle fed on and ranged over those Lands, thereto was made appear to the said Court, which he as on other Parts of the Forest, for the Remainder of understands has not yet been done. the Summer. That the Lands remained in that State

That the Expence of setting out the Assignments, until this Examinant rented the said Farm, made up and of a Dinner for the Persons attending, was also the Fences, and plowed the Lands; but finding he got paid by the Woodward, in like manner, out of Mo- bothing by it (the Crops being commonly destroyed nies arising from the Sale of Wood; and this Exa- or much damaged by the Deer) and fearing to lay out minant rendered an Account Yearly to the Warden's much Money in improving it, lest the Right to it Steward, both of the Price of the Ten thousand Fag- should be called in Question (the plowing being looked gots cut for the Warden's Use, and of what was sold on as a Trespass) he quitted it.

for defraying Expences relating to the Forest, and also That this Examinant remembers the building of of his Disbursements for Livery Logs, Repairs, and Hill House in East and the making

other Purposes; and paid the Balance into his Hands the Bricks for it upon the Waste of the Forest, for the Warden's Use. between Chapel Farm and Collier Rorv. That there

That there is not any Wood assigned to the Keep- was not any House standing the re before. That the ers, but they are permitted, by Leave of the King's said House was a large Brick Building, but never Woodward, to take dead Wood for their Firing, but finished. That Edward Meredith, late Keeper of that none for Sale; and no Browsewood is cut for the Deer, Walk, lived in it for many Years, after which (about except in very severe Seasons, when sometimes a small Sixteen'Years ago) above Half of the Building was Quantity of Ivy and Brush-Hornbeam is cut for the pulled down, and the Materials taken away for Lord

Tylnvy's

33 Geo. III. 28° Mar til 533

Tylney's Use. That this Examinant had some of the the respective Parishes Four Times in the Year, and if Fifteenth Report Bricks for repairing Chapel Lodge Farm, which he any Cattle whatever are found in the Forest during the ^'aiK* Revenue.

rented at that Time. That the Part left standing is Fence Month, they are pounded by the Keepers, or -

now inhabited by Elisha Gray, the present Keeper, and any other Persons, and given into the Charge of the a Labouring Man, who rents Part of it from Sir James Reeves, who demand One Shilling a Head, and a Fee Tylney Long. of Four Pence for pounding, from each Owner; and

That the Owners and Occupiers of Lands lying if they are not taken out or claimed by the Owners, within the Bounds of the Forest in the Parishes of within Twenty-four Hours from the Time of pounding,

Stapleford, Lamborne, Chignell, Barking, and Dagcn- they are driven to the Warden's Pound at

ham, and at Woodford Bridge, in the Parish of Wood- House, and turned into the Park there, and the Owners, ford, have Right of Common within the Part called on taking them out, pay for their keeping; but if they JJenhault Forest. That the Cattle admitted to depas- are not owned, they are kept there until the Expence of ture within the said Forest are Horses and Cows, but their keeping amounts to the Value of them, or there-no Oxen or Sheep; and he believes that no Person has abouts, and they are then appraised and disposed of to a Right to put Swine into the Part called The King's defray that Expence; and such Cattle as are found in Forest, though it is frequently done. That the Forest the Forest unmarked at any other Time besides the is constantly cleared of all Kinds of Cattle during the Fence Month are pounded by the Reeves, and if not Fence Month (being from Fifteen Days before Old taken out or claimed in Twenty-four Hours, they are Midsummer Day to Fifteen Days after) but not at any driven as Strays to the Pounds of the respective Ma-other Time of the Year, the Cattle being allowed to nors, and if not owned they are forfeited to the Lords remain in the Forest as late in the Winter, and to go in of those Manors.

as early in the Spring, as the Owners chuse. That the John Fuller.

Cattle of the Commoners are marked by the Reeves of,

The LIST referred to in the foregoing Examination.

WALTHAM *1A LIST of the Assignments of Wood for Fuel Yearly set out and assigned,

FOREST. / within the King's Woods, in East and West Henault Walks, by the Woodward thereof, to the Owners or Occupiers of Estates in the Parishes of Barking and Dagenham.

BARKING LIST. DAGENHAM LIST.

er x /

Number of Marks of Number of Marks of

Names of Persons the Assign- the Assign- Names of Persons. 1 :he Assign- t :he Assign-

ments. ments. . ments. ments.

Mr. John Meredith T\ 2 A| Mr. White - - *- 1 A

Ditto \ 1 a Mr. Barnes - - - I B

Mr. Saggers - 2 B| Mr. Goodman - - 1 C

Mr. Darling - 2 Cx Mr. Miller - - 1 E|

Mr. Bird - _ 1 D Mr. Wiseman - - - 1 E1

Mr. Field - - 1 E Mr. Miller - - 1 EH

Mr. Cameron m _ 1 F Mr. Partridge - - - 1 F

Mr. Sinclair 1 G Mr. Justice - - - 1 G

Mr. Iberson 1 H Mr. Miller - m - 1 II

Mr. Oldaker . 2 I| Mr. Hindwood - - - 1 I

Mr. Holford 2 K Mr. Justice - - - 1 K

Ditto - 1 L Ditto - - - 1 O

Ditto - 1 M Mr. Reeves - - 1 r R

Ditto - - . _ 1 N Mr. Loveday - - - 1 Q

Mr. Brown m 1 O Mr. Shonk - - - 3 S11

Mr. Nicholas Meredith 2 P| Mr. Munn - - - l u1

Mr. Heard - 1 R Mr. Parish - - - l w

Mr. Hinchliff _ 1 Rl Mr. Porter - - - l Y

Mr. Adams m . 1 S Mr. Munn - - - i X

Ditto - _ 1 T Mr. Adams - - - l llll

Mr. Moffatt _ 1 U , Mr. Shonk - - - 2 i I i i T||

Mr. Brett - - i 1 - 3 W||| Mr. Justice - - - 1 LU

Mr. Moffatt l X Mr. Clare - - - 1 N

Mr. Adams i Y Mr. Marshall - - - 2 M |

Mr. Hinchliff - - - i 11 Mr. Quinton - - - 1 11)1

Mr. Heard - l III Ditto - - - 1 || II ||

Mr. Bonham - - - 1

Barking - 34 Mr. Hilyer - - - 1 1111(11

Mr. Alsup - - I S

Dagenham - 39 Mr. Adams - - - 2 SI

Mr. Bridges - - - 1 T|

Total m 73 Mr. Gifford - - - 1 T

Mr. Adams - - - 1 T|||

Mr. Allen - - - 1 II

39

John Fu Her.

Vol. 48. 6 U

534

28° Martii.

A. 1793.

Fifteenth Report on Land Revenue.

N* ii.

Gentlemen,

In pursuance of Mr. HarsLetter to me of the 6th Instant, desiring I would inform you whether a Woodward of the King's Woods in the Forest of Waltham has been appointed since the Resignation of Mr. Fuller, in August 1791, and the Name and Resi-

dence of the present Woodward, together with the Date of his Appointment, and by whom made, I am to inform you, that at a Forest Court, held the 10th October 1791, Richard Hould, of Wanstead, was sworn in King*^ Woodward, having been appointed to that Office by Sir James Tylney Long, Baronet, Warden of the said Forest, by Delivery of the Forest Hammer to him.

I am,

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient Servant, Comm" of Land John Skirrow.

Revenues.

Lincolns Inn Fields, 8th March 1793.

N° 12.

Answers of Sir James Tylney Long, Baronet, Warden of the Forest of Waltham, to the Enquiries of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

Gentlemen,

In consequence of the Request in your Letter, I inclose you a List, or Particular, of the Offices in the Forest of Waltham, and the Nature of their Appointments, Annual Salaries, Pay, and Allowances.

I have given Directions to all such Officers as are under my Orders to be aiding and assisting to your Surveyor, in pointing out and ascertaining the Metes, Bounds, and Extent of their several Walks.

The general Limits of the Forest of Waltham, I apprehend, were ascertained by Perambulation and Inquisition, taken in pursuance of the Act of 16th Charles the First; which, I presume, is to be found on Record.

I do not find in my Possession any Inquest or Determination of Claims, or any Statement of the Rights of the Crown, or of Individuals, in the said Forest

I am,

Grosvenor Place, Gentlemen,

9th May 1788. Your most obedient and

most humble Servant,

To Sir Cha? Middleton, Bart, Ja‘ Tylney

and John Call, Esq.

Commissioners, See.

Waltham Forest.

PARTICULAR.

Sir James Tylney Long, Baronet, Warden, is seised of, and entitled to, the Bailiwick, Stewardship, Lieute-nantship, and Custody of all the Forest of Essex, otherwise raised the Forest of Waltham, in the County of Essex, and the Offices of Warden, Bailiff, and Steward of the same Forest, and all Fees, Profits, Perquisites, and Privileges, to the same belonging or appertaining.

The several Offices and Walks in the Forest, in the Gift and Disposal of the Warden

(by Grant) are as follow:

The Deputy or Lieutenant of the Forest, now held by Sir Bart for Life, who claims One

Buck and Doe, Annually, from each Walk.

The Riding Forester, now held by Sir Charles Raymond, Bart, for Life, who claims One Buck and One Doe, Annually, from each Walk.

Purlieu Ranger, Sir William Smyth, Bart, who claims One Buck and One Doe, Annually, from each Walk.

The Master Keeper of Layton and Wanstead.

The Master Keeper of Walthamstow Walk, now held by Thomas Esquire, for Life.

The Master Keeper of Woodford Walk, now held by Samuel Bosanquet, Esquire, for Life.

The Master Keeper of ChinkfordWalk, now held by Frances Moyer, for Life.

The Master Keeper of New Lodge Walk, now held by Edward Southby, Esquire, for Life.

The Master Keeper of Epping Walk, now held by John Conyers, Esquire, for Life.

The Master Keeper of Loughton Walk, now held by James Langston, Esquire, for Life.

The Master Keeper of Lambourn Walk, now held by Job Mathew, Esquire, for Life.

The Master Keeper of WestHeynault Walk, now held by John Williams, for life.

The Master Keeper of East Heynault Walk, now held by Samuel Pole, Esquire, for Life.

The Master Keepers may put in Under Keepers, but they cannot alien or assign, without Licence under Hand and Seal of the Warden. Each Master Keeper is entitled to a Buck and a Doe Annually.

The Steward of the Forest Court, appointed by the Warden, now held by John Skirrow, Esquire, who claims a Buck and a Doe Annually.

The King's Woodward, John Fullei', appointed by the Warden; and the Woodward appoints an Under Woodward.

The

33 Geo. III. 28°

Th« Purlieu Ranger appoint* 4 Under Purlieu Rangers, who are

Elisha Gray,-Wood,

Thomas Hatherell, Richard Hould.

The Beadle of the Forest is appointed by the Warden, and holds during Pleasure.

The present Beadle is Richard Hould.

The Verderors are,

Edward Lockwood, Esquire,

Bamber Gascoyne, Esquire,

John Conyers, Esquire,

Eliah Harvey, Esquire.

.Besides the Officers before mentioned, the Warden has the Benefit and Command of Vert and Venison throughout the whole Forest, without Stint or Restriction, at his own Pleasure and Appointment

The Names of the present Under Keepers are.

Layton and Wanstead Walk - Richard Hould.

Walthamstow - - D° - - John Laver.

Woodford - - - D° - - - - James Hyde.

Chinkford - - - D° - - William Deakins.

Hew Lodge - - - D° - - William Burrell.

Epping - - - - D* - - James Court.

Laughton - - - D° - - Thomas Hatherell.

Lambourn - - - D° - - - - R. Cor deray.

West Heynault - - D° - - William Hill.

East Heynault - - D° - - - - Elisha Gray.

A Salary of f. 20 per Annum is paid to each of theae Keepers, at the Exchequer.

And to One Woodward, £. 20 per Ann.

To Four Purlieu Under Keepers, £. 10 per Ann. each.

To the Purlieu Ranger, £. 10 per Ann.

payable at the Exchequer.

The Warden also bolds by Grant from the Crown all that the Prison House, in Stratford in the said County of Essex, for Offenders in the said Forest, and the Power of Nomination to the Office of Gaoler or Keeper of the said Prison House, and of displacing such Gaoler or Keeper at Pleasure, with all Fees, Profits, and Appurtenances.

Also all Toll of Persons that shall pass through Stratford Langthorn, in the said County of Essex, with any Waggon Two Pence, or Cart Four Pence; and to collect and receive for every Pack of Wool, Load of Hoops, or Bag of Hops, 4 d.;and for every Half Bag of Hops, and Half Pack of Wool, 2d.; and also for every Horse tied with a Wantyc or Wamtye, 2d. that shall pass through Stratford Langthorn aforesaid, from Year to Year, and in any Year, from the 9th of June to the 9th of July following, inclusive.

The Warden claims to have, and his Ancestors, Wardens, have had, One hundred Loads of Wood Annually, out of Part of the Forest called Heynault, and also all other Fees and Allowances in respect of Wood, in the said Forest of Waltham, by virtue of the said Offices belonging or appertaining.

535

fifteenth Report OF Land Revenue*

1 /

Wanstead , 27th October 1788.

Gentlemen,

For Answers to your Points of Enquiry, communicated to be by your Letter of the 16th of July last, so far as respects the Offices I hold in the Forest of Waltham, and the Nature of the Appointments of Officers, and their Salaries, and the Fees or Emoluments of Offices, I beg to refer you to the Particular thereof, which I returned you in consequence of your Letter to me of the 9th Day of May 1787, whereby you requested the same.

I am now further to inform you, I do not occupy any Messuages or Lands belonging to the Crown in

Vql. 48.

the said Forest, save and except the Prison House at Stratford Langthorn, mentioned in the said Particular.

There is a Messuage, together with some Lands, which is called Chapel Lodge, antiently used as a Lodge for a Keeper, a Part of which Land has antiently been taken out of the Forest, and inclosed, by Richard Lord Viscount Castlemaine, afterwards Earl Tylney, and was by him occupied and enjoyed Sixty Years ago; which Lodge and Lands have since descended to me, as Part of the said Earl's Estate.

I do not know of any Messuages or Lands belonging to the Crown occupied by Keepers, or other Officers

under

536.

28° Martii.

A. 1793.

Revenu* unt*er my Appointment, except Hogg Hill House, in

j the Manor called The King's Manor, which is used as a , Lodge, for which no Rent is paid.

I do not receive any Annual Rents, or other Sums of Money, by virtue of my Offices in the said Forest, except the Keepers Salaries, which are received at the Exchequer, and paid by me to them, and amount, after deducting Fees, to the clear Yearly Sum of £. 17. 7 s. for each Keeper.

My Disbursements and Expences, on Account of the said Offices, and in Protection of the King's Deer, in Preservation of the Rights of the Forest, are Yearly very considerable, for which no Satisfaction has ever been received.

I cannot ascertain what Woods, Coppices, Lawns, or other Lands, belong to the Crown in the said Forest.

I do not know that any Timber or Wood has been Annually cut in the said Forest for the Use of the Navy; but I have been informed that Timber has been formerly cut in that Part of the Forest called Hey-nault, for Repairs of the Lodges of the Forest, by the Authority of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's ..Treasury for the Time being. I have also been informed that Wood sales have, from Time to Time, been made in the Forest, by several of the Lords of Manors therein, and that lately William Esquire, the Lord of the Manor of in New

Lodge Walk, in that Part of the said Forest distinguished by the Name - of Epping Forest, Haims, and insists that he is entitled, under antient Grants from the Crown, to the Timber Woods, and Underwoods in the said Manor; and that he. has lately felled and cut, and still persists in felling and cutting, without Reserve, the Timber and Underwoods therein, -notwithstanding the Measures taken, as I am informed by His Majesty's Surveyor General, to prevent the same, by marking Trees, and the Endeavours of the Forest Officers, as being highly injurious to the Forest, and the Vert and Venison thereof. I am also informed that the Owners of 33 antient Copyhold Tenements, within the said Manor of Sewardstone, claim Assignments of Allotments of Wood in the Waste belonging to the said Manor, for Fuel, under an Agreement formerly made between the Lord of the said Manor, and the Owners of such antient Tenements, that they should take and accept certain Assignments or Allotments of Underwood, in lieu of their Right to Fuel, in the Waste Woods in general in the said Manor; that of the Wood and Underwood not so assigned or allotted, the Lord of the said Manor has cut and made Sales of, and is still proceeding to cut and make Sales thereof, and cannot, as I apprehend, be prevented from so doing, without expensive Law Suits, which the Forest Officers cannot take upon themselves.

There are many Parishes and local Districts in the Forest in which the Inhabitants claim Rights to certain Quantities of Underwood for Fuel, either by Tenure or Custom, which can be better explained by the Woodward and Keepers.

I am not able to ascertain what Number of Bucks and Does are kept or abide in the Forest in general. About Five Brace of Bucks and Three Brace of Does have been, One Year with another, killed in the

Forest, by Warrants or Authority from His Majesty; and about Fourteen Brace of Bucks and Seven Brace of Does for Individuals, who claim a Right to have Venison in the Forest. My Claim to Red and Fallow Deer in the said Forest is without Stint. A List of Warrants which have been served or executed for the last Buck Season is hereunto annexed.

No Hay, Corn, or other Fodder, has been by me Annually purchased for the Deer, as no Allowance has been made for the same.

I have been informed that many Intrusions and Incroachments have been made in the said Forest) but since the Offices therein have devolved upon me, none have been made by me, or by my Permission. By a constant Attendance at the Forest Courts, I have every Reason to believe that a great many of the Intrusions or Incroachments, presented by the Officers at the Forest Courts, have been removed or abated, by the Order and Means of the said Court, and by the Exertion and Endeavours of the Forest Officers. Some may now exist, but of no material Consequence, as I apprehend, except that in Walk an In-

closure has lately been made by William Hornby, Esquire, within the Manor of Higham Hill, of Part of the Wood called The Sale, in the said Walk, by Pale and a strong Fence; but which Inclosure has been presented at the Forest Court, and by that Court, and the Exertions o'f the Forest Officers, the further Proceeding therein has been impeded.

The Lords of many Manors in the said Forest, and the Owners of Lands therein, have, from Time to Time, felled and cut, and do still fell and cut, the Wood and Timber on the Wastes of their Manors, and on their Lands in the Forest, claiming a Right £0 to do, without any Licence from the Chief Justice in Eyfe. But I am not able to point out whether any Spoil, Waste, or Destruction has been committed of the Wood or Timber in the said Forest belonging to the Crown, in regard I cannot ascertain the Rights of the Crown and those of individuals to such Wood and Timber. It having been represented at the Forest Court that Abuses and Spoil had been committed in the Woods in the Forest, by Persons claiming Assignments of Underwood in respect of their Lands, and by Custom, an Order or Regulation has been lately made to prevent the same, which the Keepers, Woodward, and other Officers have in special Charge to enforce; which has had a good Effect, and it is not doubted will in future be a Means of preserving the young Timber Trees.

I have the Honour to be,

Gentlemen.

Your most obedient, humble Servant,

Jtf Tylney Long, Warden of the Forest of Waltham.

To the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown, &c. &c.

&c.

N* 13 A.

28° Ma

Fifteenth Report on Land Revenue.

537

N*13 A.

CHAPPELL HENALT. — THE ACCOMPTE of ROBERT TRESWELL, Esq' Surveyo* of

His Ma*1 Woodes &c. of the Somes of Monie by him disbursed about the New Buildinge of the Lodge called CHAPPELL HENALT LODGE within the Forest of Waltham in the Countye of Essex begonne the x,h of February 1609.

IMPRIMIS Paied to Mr Heather for halfe a hundred of Deale Bordes

Paid more to him for xxti* Wainescotts and half a hundred of Clapbordes ——

For the Carriage of the saide Wainescott and Clapbordes to the Chappell from London at' several 1 tymes ----- ----- --- — - ... ....

For twoe Furr Poles to make Ladders ——

To a Joyner for choosingp the Wainescotts _

For Glewe ——

t

m

Bricks bought by Mr Hamond x, ----- ---.---

t

m*

Tyles bought by Mr Hamond x, ——

Lyme sixe Loades bought by Mr. Hamonde

For digginge x Loades of Sande ——

Lyme three Loads the xixtk of May 1610 —

For five Bushell of Tyle Pinnes -= ——

More for Lyme five Loads at xvij p Loade t

m #

More for Brickes xlv, at xj the thousand — &c. &c. &c.

and the Carriagg ij#

Sm Totall' of the saide Disbursin'' ——

vj

X

a

xvj vij

t

viij

d

«j

t d

y -i

£ S

vj V

vnj XV

c»j

s d

»j iiij

lij

t

X

iiy V

£ s

xxiiij XT

c ..£ 1

v.xiiij vij

ROBERT TRESWELL.

THE saide Accomptant humblie prayeth Allowance for himself his Man and his Horses during the severall tymes of over seeinge the 6aide Workes wherein he spent at the least xPu Daies wch rated at vj' viij' p diem is ----- ----- -- xiij vj viij

Extracted from a Book late in the Possession of John , Esquire, late Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods; and lent to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue by William Morton Pitt, Esquire, marked, " N° 6. Surveyor's Accounts beginning 1609."

Vol. 48.

X

538 £8° Martii. ^.1793.

N* 13 B.

COM' ESSEX.

Comissio fact' Rob' Barefoote jp pstern'

arbor' infra; Ambit' voc' Chappie Henault ki Forest' de Walthin.

JACOBUS dei gra Ang-lie Scotie Francie et / Hibnie Rex fidei De* sensor &c. Ditco nobis Rofeto Barefoote gen' Custod' sive Woodward' nro Boscor' et Snbbosc' nror' infra Circuit' sive pambul&c' voc' Chappie Hen-nault Walke in Forest' de Waltham in Com' nro Essex' Saltin. Cum nup' assignav'imus et appunctoav1-mus unu' dom' voc' the lodge in diet' le Walke voc' Chappie Hennault modo in decass' et ruin' existen' repar' et quedam nova Edific' ibm fieri et edificar' p pfeccoe quor' operu' accepimus qd xxiiij*r Carectat' inaerem' p estimac' fuerint necessar' ibm expendi et implicari Nosq' volentes diet' marem' capi infra diet' circuit' Sive pambulac' voc Chappie Hennault walke in locis ibm maxim' idon' ac de fidelitate industr' et pvida Circuspeccoe tua in hrnoi negotijs nrs agend' plurim' confiden' assignavimus te ac tibi plen' ptatem et apetsttem damus et Comittimus p p'ntes ad assig-nand* et appunctuand' anglice to marke oute et suc-cindi et pstari eausand' tot et tales arbor' maerem' infra {Dambulacon' pred' voc' Chappie Hennault Walke que attingent et facient vigint' et quatuor Carectat' anglice loades maerem' Et ad easdm xxiiij0' Carectat' maerem' deliband' et delibar' eausand' ditco nobis Joftni Wright Ar' deputat' Supvisor' nr' posses-sionu' terr' et tent' nror' in dco Com' nro Essex' et Rico Harte gen' Custod' dom' pred' vel eor' alter' p ipos impendend' et implicaud' in et circa repa-con'dom' pred' Ac tibi ulterius ptatem et auctatem damus et Comittimus p p'ntes ad Capit' Ram' Cor-tic' et lign' anglice the Topps Lopps Barke & offall provenien' de pred' arbor' sic' (ut fjfe9) prostrand' et succidend' post succicon' et prostracon' eordm ad maxim* Comodu' et pfic' nrm vendend' et vendi fa-cicnd' et de denar* pvenien* de hmoi' vendicSe tantu' solvend' et expendend' quantu' fuerit neccess' p car-ring' diet' maerem' usq' ad Dom' pred' Ita qd tu veru' Com pm die denar' sic solut' et de resid' denar' pred' exinde fibnd' ad prim' auditu' p nobis coram Auditor' nro q Com* pred' tenend* nobis reddas Et ideo tibi mandamus qa circa premissa in forma pred' efficiend' diligenter intendas Et ea omnia et singul' facias et exequaris cu' effeu' Et quid in fimiss' feceris Baron' clc Sdcio nro apud Westm' qmcitius poter' et tandem in Cro aniSr* px' futur' sub' sigill' tuo' distincte et apte constare *facias Damus enim omnibz et singul' Ranger' Regard' jvservator' Custod' ferar et omnibz al' ligeis et subdit' nr' quibzcuq' tenore pneiu* firmi-tcr mandat' qd tibi in execucoe fjmissr/ pareant obe-diant auxiliant et intendant prout decet picto incuben' In Cujus rei testimoniu' has Lras nras fieri fecimus paten' — T. Laurencio Tanfeild Mil' apud Westm' xij"° die Februar' Anno R' n' Anglie Franc' et Hibnie quinto et Scotie xlj — p Rotul' memorand' de eodem anno R§ nunc hujus Hillar' Comission' et Lrar' paten' Rotio Ac p ipm Rdgem et p Warr' Can-

cellar'.

Fanshawe.

N* 14.

tinder great decay; That by Computation of an able Carpenter, who viewed the said Lodge with you, the Repairs thereof may be completed, and the Lodge put in good Condition, and cased with Brick, so as to endure for many Years, for the Sum of 220/.; and that there are great quantities of old Pollard Oaks in East and West Henault Walks, within the said Forest* hear the said Lodge, by some of w'hich, Money may fitly be raised for the said Repairs, or that Hornbeams in Wall Wood, worth about four Score Pounds, may be sold to bear part of the said Charge; We thinking it necessary for His Majesty's Service that the said Repairs be speedily effected, to prevent the further ruin of the said Lodge, do hereby pray and require you (catling to your Assistance some of the Verderers or Regarders of the said Forest) forthwith to mark fell and cut down so many of the said old Pollard Oaks or Hornbeams as may raise the said Sum of 220/. (besides the Charges of Felling & Sale thereof) and that you sell the same for his Majesty's best benefit & advantage, & apply so much of the Money arising by such Sales as shall be necessary to compleat the said Repairs, not exceeding in the Whole 2201.; And you are to make an Account of your doings in pursuance of this Warrant, before his Majesty's Auditor of the said County by Micftas next; And this Warrant being first entred before the said Auditor shall be your sufficient Discharge in this behalf. Whitehall Treasury Chambers, the 12th day of March i6$o.

L Hyde, Jo. Ernie,

Ste. Fox.

To our very loving Friends Tho* Agar and Charles Strode, Esq", Surveyors of his Majesty's Woods,

Trent South.

N* 15

To the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, and Forests, belonging to the Crown.

Sirs,

Having received a Letter from Mr. Harrison, your Secretary, bearing Date the 17th of last, conveying to me a Precept requiring me, as One of the Officers of the Forest of Waltham, to make Answers to several Questions therein exhibited, relative to the Rights of the Crown in that Forest, it is necessary I should inform you, that I hold no Office in that Forest under the Crown; that the Office of Verderor is elected by the Freeholders of the County, and to them alone I think myself responsible for any Defect or Neglect in the Execution of my Office: But being very desirous to lend any Assistance in my Power to the goodly Work yon are employed in, I have turned my Attention to the Meaning of the several Enquiries, and shall return such Answers to those Enquiries as arise from my Experience and Observation, although few of them are pertinent to my Office; and am,

Sirs,

Barking. 5th November Your most obedient 1788. humble Servant,

Bamber Gascoyne.

After our hearty Commendations. WHEREAS it appears to Us, by two Certificates under your hand, the One dated the 1 ith of March 1679, and the other dated the 24th of February last, that his jesty's Lodge within Chapel Henault Walk (whereof Samuel Maydwell, Esqr, is now the Keeper) in the Forest of Waltham, Com' Essex> is very ruinous and

ANSWERS.

It having never suggested itself to me that I should be thus catechized as to the Nature and Duty of the Office which I hold in the Forest of Waltham, I cannot say I am prepared to define at large the Nature and Duty of my Office, otherwise than what I may

02 have

33 Geo. III. 28° Ma53

have collected from Coo)d % Institutes arid Mamvood'S Forest Laws, to whose Learning I must refer you, lest I. should expose my Want of Knowledge, or assume to myself more than I ought.

The Verderor is not created by Appointment, but elected by the Freeholders of the County. I apprehend he is elected for Life* and his Office not otherwise determinable, unless charged with Misfeasance.

No Salary is annexed to this Office.

One fat Buck and Doe of the Season has always been the Fee of the Verderors of this Forest; but from the great Scarcity of Deer on this Forest, this Fee has hardly been attainable. By antient Law, if any unwarrantable Deer was killed by the Keeper, or maimed so as to be rendered unfit for the Service of the Warrant, the Person to whom it is granted may enforce the Keeper to bring the same before One of the Verderors, and if he should adjudge the Deer killed unfit for the Service, he will direct the Keeper to re-execute the Warrant, and take the exceptionable Deer to his own Service. The First is the only certain Fee, and the last the only casual Emolument I ever heard of.

I hold no Lands of the Crown, nor have I ever made Encroachments upon the Forest.

The Verderor can have no Appointment of Officers on the Forest whatever; they not being Officers under the Crown, are all appointed by the hereditary Lord Warden of the Forest

I receive no Rents or Sum of Money by virtue of my Office, and consequently I make no Disbursements.

As Verderor I have no Part of the Forest particularly assigned to my Care, but I apprehend I have a general Superintendency over the whole Forest, to preserve the Vert for the Rights of the Commoner, and Pasture for the King's Deer.

There is an Officer in the Forest called the King's Woodward, who appoints Assistants under him: This Officer is appointed by the Lord Warden.

The Question as to what Number of Bucks and Does are kept within the said Forest cannot be within my Knowledge, but perhaps it may be learned Collectively by the Keepers of the several Walks; and as to what Number of Deer are Annually killed, that may be answered by the Lord Warden, to whom the Keepers return their several Warrants. I never heard that Hay, Corn, or other Fodder were purchased for the Deer, but I do remember some Years agone that a large Tract of Ground in Henholt Forest was inclosed by Richard Earl of Tylncy, then Lord Warden, under such Pretence. How far the same has been applied I know not.

The Intrusions and Encroachments that have been made within my Memory are innumerable. I have done my best, since I was an Officer, to prevent any; and have succeeded, in many Instances, to prevent several that were intended, and to abate others that were erected.

Much Spoil, much Waste, and piteous Destruction, has been committed upon the King's Timber in this Forest; and many Abuses are daily practised to the Injury of the Rights of the Crown, as may be seen by a Survey.

The Neglect and Inattention (if not worse) in the late Woodward, and the appointing insufficient Under Keepers to the several Walks in this Forest, have tended to encourage a wanton Waste and Spoliation of the King's Timber, and almost an utter Destruction of his Deer.

The Forest of Waltham is divided into Two Parts or Districts, the One called Epping, the other Henholt. The latter Division is well adapted in its Soil for the Growth of Timber, and by its Retirement and strong Covert affords the best Preservation for the King's Deer; but, unfortunately, a large Plot of Ground called Fence Piece, has been taken out of the Center

Vol. 48.

Of this Part of the Forest, and granted successively by the Crown, upon a small Rent, to several G rah tees j for the Term of Thirty Years. It was granted many Years agone to Thomas Bryant, Esquire; at the Expiration of that Grant to Charles, Esquire, whose

Brother stubbed up the Wood, tilled the Land, and built several small Tenements upon the same, at the East End of this Plot, which heretofore nursed the best Timber, and afforded the best Covert for the King's Deer. The Inhabitants of these Tenements have lopped and primed the finest Spiers and Timber Trees near the Habitations; they have kept Goats, Hogs, and Cattle, to the Destruction and Spoil of the Waste Lands; and, by their Residence, have driven the King's Deer from the finest Part of the Forest; and, I have Reason to believe, have in many Respects much misused their Tenure. This Plot of Ground, as I have heard, was lately re-granted to Lord Somers. It is of mean Value in Point of Rent, but in its Soil finely adapted for the Growth of Timber; and if purchased by the Crown, and again thrown into the Forest, it would render that Part of the Forest compact, much increase the Growth of Timber, and in a great Measure prevent a Repetition of the Injuries to the Timber now standing, and the Destruction of the King's Deer; and I do hereby aver, that without this Spot is thrown into the Forest, as it was in my Memory, it will little avail any Attempts to preserve the Timber or recruit the Deer.

Great and cruel as the Destruction of the Timber upon this Part of the Forest has been, yet there are now standing many fine and useful Timber Trees, which have been marked by the late Surveyor of the Woods; and it behoves the King's Officers to be very attentive to the Growth and Preservation of the Timber Trees upon this Forest, as in a few Years it would be the Supply of Deptford and Woolwich Yards; and, from its Vicinity to those Yards, be a Saving of 50/. per Cent, in the Charge of Timbers laid in from distant Parts.

The Effect of this Advice will be manifested by a View of a Parcel of Land adjacent to the Spot so granted, on which the Timber, Pollards, and Underwood are my Property, by virtue of a Grant from the Lady Abbess of Barking to the Hospital of Mary's at Iljord, which this Abbey enjoyed by Grant from the Crown; and it has been with the utmost Difficulty, Attention, and some Peril, that I could preserve my Timber from the same Spoils and Injuries that have been committed upon the King's Timber, through the Negligence of the several Under Keepers and other Officers. These are the only Informations that, on so summary a Notice, arise to my Mind.

Bamber Gascoyne.

Barking, Essex,

November 5th, 1788*

Fifteenth Report On Land Revenue. V ----- ---^'

The Preservation of the King*s Timber upon this and other Parts of the Forest has frequently been the Object of iny Attention; and my Thoughts thereon I have more than once committed to Writing, and presented the same to several Chancellors of the Exchequer; but so many Interests were found to clash with the Scheme, and I received so little Encouragement from those whom I expected to support me, that I have removed the Papers from my Reach, and the Object from my Memory.

N* 16.

George R.

Whereas at the humble Petition find Request of Qur Right Trusty and well beloved Cousin Richard

Viscount

L30 ne

540

28° Martii.

A. 1793.

Fifteenth Report on Land Revenue.

Viscount Castlemain, of Our Kingdom of , and Warden of Our Forest of in Our County

Of Essex, and in Consideration of the great Charge he hath been at in building a Lodge in East Henault Walk in the said Forest, and for other good Causes and Considerations Os hereunto moving, We are graciously disposed to grant unto the said Richard Vis-Count Castltmain Our Leave, Licence, and Permission to cut Two Ridings through Our Woods in the said Forest to lead to the said Lodge, and by Way of Avenues to the same, of the Dimensions herein after mentioned, that is to say, One Riding or Avenue to lye East and West of the said Lodge, and to contain Five hundred and Twenty-four Rods in Length, and Thirteen m Breadth, and the other Riding or Avenue to lye North and South of the said Lodge, and to contain Four hundred and Eight Rods in Length, and Fifteen in Breadth; and We are further graciously pleased to grant and allow that he the said Richard Viscount Castlemain shall have and take to his own Use, without any Account to be rendered unto Us, all the Wood and Timber standing within the Dimensions of the said Avenues: Our Will and Pleasure therefore is, and We do hereby authorize and direct you to repair to Our said Forest, and by yourself or Deputy to stake out the said Ridings or Avenues according to the Dimensions before described, and by yourself or Deputy, together with some other Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Richard Viscount Castlemain, to make and agree upon an Estimate or Valuation of the Timber or Wood standing within the said Ridings or Avenues, which We have hereby granted ard allowed to the said Richard Viscount Castlemain for his own Use as aforesaid: All which being done and performed in Manner aforesaid, We do hereby authorize and direct you to permit and suffer the said Richard Viscount Castlemain to make the said Ridings or Avenues, and to fell and carry away the Timber and Trees that shall be thereon growing, at such Time and in such Manner as the said Rickard Viscount Castlemain, or the Workmen or Servants employed by his Order, shall judge proper, to proceed therein; taking Care that the Dimensions of the said Ridings, as they shall have been before staked and set out by you, be not exceeded: And in regard it is Our Royal Purpose and Intention that the said Richard Viscount Castle-main, for the Considerations aforesaid, shall have and receive the clear Value of One thousand Pounds, by Timber and Trees to be set out, and to be felled by him, and at his Charge, in the said Forest; Our further Will and Pleasure is, and We do hereby direct, authorize, and require you, in the Presence and with the Assistance of such Officers of Our said Forest as ought to be present in Cases of this Nature, to mark and set out, in such Parts and Places of Our said Forest where the same may best be spared, such and so many dotard and decayed Trees, or other Wood or Timber not fit for the Service of Our Navy, as you, your Deputy or Deputies, together with such other Person or Persons as the said Richard Viscount Castlemain shall appoint in this Behalf, shall value or estimate as sufficient to make up and raise, clear of all Charges, the Sum which, after the Valuation of the Wood and Timber standing within the said Ridings of Avenues as aforesaid, shall be wanting to compleat the said Sum of One thousand Pounds; and you are thereupon to permit and suffer the said Richard Viscount Castlemain, or the Workmen or Servants employed by his Order, to fell and cany away all such dotard and decayed Trees, or other Wood or Timber so to be marked and set out as aforesaid, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Richard Viscount Castlemain shall judge proper: And We do hereby charge and require you to enter or indorse on the Back of this Our Warrant the Numbers, Kinds, and

Values of the Timber and Trees so granted and allowed to the said Richard Viscount Castlemain to make up the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, and to return a full and ample Certificate thereof to the Commissioners of Our Treasury, as soon as the said Warrant shall be completely executed; and for so doing this shall be your Warrant. Given at Our Court at Richmond, this 24th Day of May 1731, in the Fourth Year of Our Reign.

By His Majesty's Command.

Geo. Oxenden,

Wm Clayton, Yonge,

To

Our Trusty and Well beloved Charles Wither, Esqr, Surveyor General of Our Woods.

N* 17.

ADHUC Termio Scte Trinitat. Anno xxiiij Regine E. Lune ix° Die Julij Anno [kico.;

ESSEX, h-i WHEREAS Informacons have been heretofore exhited to the Lord Treasr and this Court; by the Srveyor of the Queen's Maties Woods on this side the Trent, ag* Anthony Rampston, Keeper of Walcumstowe Walk, in the Forest of Waltham, in the County of Essex, for taking of 20 Loads of Wood, yearly, in the Queen's Woods, in a great Waste, within the sd Forest called Henholt, Parcel of the Manor of Barking, in the said County, and of the Positions of the late Monastery of Barking, by Color of his Office, as Fee Wood belonging to the same; and ag* Edwd Savage, exercising the Office of Keeper in one of the two Walks of Henholt, in the said Forest, taking, by like Color, 20 Loads of Wood yearly within, the said Waste; and ag*

Tuckle and Horstnayle, Exercising th'other

of the said two Walkes, in Hennolt afsd, for taking either of them by like Color, Ten Loads of Wood, yearly, within the sd Waste; And also against the four Verderors of the said Forest, for taking each of them yearly, within five or six Years last past, and not be*-fore, five Loads of Wood, within the said Wast;-and also ag* Thomas Hadden, and W" Wells, late Servants unto Sir Anthony Cooke, Knight, and after to Richard Cooke, Esqr, and pretending unjustelie, by their Appointments and Commandments,*to be Woodwards of the said Wast, called Henholt, and, by Colo* of that pretended Office, to have the delivering of all the Wood there fallen for Fee Wood, Custom Wood, or Levery Wood, in the felling whereof they have used very great Disorders and Spoil, not only in lopping of Timber Trees, never before lopped, and in girdlinge of Trees, and otherwise, by reason whereof very many Trees have become dead, and Starvelings, and then have been taken by them as Fees belonging to their pretended Office; but also in delivering of more Wood to such as had right to have Livery Wood, and Fee Wood, then they ought to have, by great Quantities, and in suffering of unreasonable great Carts, made of purpose, to carry away double Loads; and also in delivering of Wood to such as they knew ought to have none, and in cutting the small boughs from the great, calling them Spraye, and selling and giving some of them away, and permitting the residue to be taken away, by Inhabitants of other Manors adjoining, and also in felling more Wood yearly than was due to any, by fourscore Loads, in some one Year, and bestowing it at their Pleasure, without any Account, or Satisfaction, therefore made to the Queen's Maly, to the great Spoil of the Timber Trees, and other Woods there, likely in few Years to be the utter decay of all the Timber Trees, and much other Wood within the sd Waste: And Whereas a Commission was

awarded,

33 Geo. III. 28° Martii. 541

awarded, at the suit of the said Keepers, to examine shall continue in the said Office until the Surveyor of Fiftewnh n^port

Witnesses upon the points of a certain supplication the Woods shall preyve them to be negligent in their on Land eTenu

exhibited to the Lord Treasurer, as well on their be- Office, or orwise unfit for that Service, and shall name

half as on the behalf of the said Hadden and Wells, others in their, or either of their Places.

and likewise, by order of the Lorde Treasr, to examine 3d It". There shall be also two other honest labour-

Witnesses upon the points of the said Surveyor's Bill, ing Men, which shall be appointed by the said Surveyor

containing the effect and Causes of the Informat"*, by of the Woods, or by this Court, and removed as he

virtue whereof certain Depons of Witnesses, produced or this Court shall think convenient, which shall be

by the said Keepers and Woodwardes, were taken attendante for the felling watching and delivering of

and returned; And for that the said Survey*1 was not Fee Wood and Livery Wood, at the Appointment of

made privy of the sitting of the Commrs, so as he the said Preservators.

might have produced Witnesses for her Maly, he was 4th It*. That there be no Woods, Underwoods, appointed to bring his Witnesses to be examined in Tree, Lop, Topp, or Shredding of Tree, fallen within the Court, and so he did; Whereupon day was given the said Woods, to any use, by virtue of any Warrant, to.hear the Matter the 23d day of May last past; at or orwise, but that the said three Overseers be first which day the said Surveyor procured learned Council made privy to the same, & allow that the same is to speak for the Maintenance of the Queen's Title, mete to be fallen, by virtue of such Warrant, or for and his sd Informations, and likewise learned Counsel such Causes as is pretended by any pson to fell the was brought on behalf of the said Keepers, and pre- same.

tended Woodwards; but the said Verderors neither 5,h It". That no Wood be fallen in the said Woods, appeared, nor procured any Council, or other, to speak for any Fee Wood, Custom Wood, or Livery Wood, for them, and thereupon the Matter being opened and but for such Persons, and such Quantity of Loads, as proofs and Testimonies being also exhibited, and set the Lord Treasurer and Chancell* of the Excheq1, have forth, on both Sides, It did appear that the said already, or hereafter shall, sett down, and allow under Keepers and Woodwards pretended to take the Woods their Hands, unto the said Overseers, to have Alin the said Wast, laid to their Charge, by prescription, lowance of the same, and then the said Overseers to in the right of their Offices, in the proof whereof they appoint the said two labouring men to fell and cut failed; And it also appeared, by old Charters, and out the same, and then they to see the same delivered other Proofs and Testimonies, shewed by the said Sur- accordingly.

veyor, That his Informations touching the Queen's 6,h It". That no Tree be fallen by the Ground for

Maty's Title to the said Wast, and concerning very any Fee Wood, Custom Wood, or Livery Wood, (ex-great spoil and destruction of Woods there, were true; cept such Trees as be wholly Dead, and not meet for nevertheless, for that it was proved that the Keepers any Timber) and that the same Wood be taken of of the two Walks of Henholt have used to have, for such Dead Trees, and of the Loppings and Shredd-either Walk, 20 Loads of Wood within the said Wast, ings of Beach, Hazell, Mapell, Hombeane, Hay-in respect of their Offices, ever sithince the death of thome, and other Underwoods, (if there be sufficient Nodes and Dodesworth, for of such Kind of Wood) or else of the Loppings, and

their Fire Wood, and that the Keeper of Walthamstow Shreddings, of Oaks heretofore lopped, and of no hath likewise used to have 20 Loads of Wood, for his other Oak Trees.

Fire Wood, by the Space of Years, in the 7,h It". That the Spray and small Boughs of the King and Queen's Woods, and for the 20 Years last Wood fallen for any Fee Wood, Custom Wood, or past, in the said Wast of Henholt; and therewith Livery Wood, be not hereafter shredd from the bigger consid4 that it is reasonable so much might be yearly part of the boughs, and left to be spoiled, but that the allowed to them still, to be delivered of the Woods in same be hereafter delivered, with the greater Boughs, the said Wast, by her Maly's Warrant, for the better as part, and for the Accomplishment, of the Loads of enabling them to serve in their Offices, and to bind Wood that shall be thought meet, and sett down to be and encourage them, as they travel about their Offices, delivered as afsd.

to have regard that no spoil be made in the said 8th It". That no Cart be suffered to carry any of

Wast, and if any shall be to inform this Court, or the said feewood, Custom Wood, or livery Wood, but the Q. Survr of the said Woods, thereof: NOW this such Carts as do usually carry Hay and Corn, and that

28th day of June, in this Term of the Holy Trinity — , drawn but with Six Horses, or four Oxen and two

It is, for the relief of the said Keepers, and the preser- Horses, at the most.

vation of the said Woods, ordered and decreed, by 9th It". That the Verderors of the said Forest, and the Right Hofible W* Lord Burghley, Lord Treasurer those that have of late Years pretended to be Wood-of England, Sir Walter Mildmaye Kn1, Chancellr of wardes of the same Woods, shall not from hencef'11 this Court, Sir Roger Manwood, Knight, Lord Chief intermeddle with the felling or delivering of any Fee Baron, and the residue of the Barons of the same Wood, Custom Wood, or Livery Wood in the same Court, as followeth: Woods, nor have or take any Starvelinges, or other

1. IMPRIMIS. That from henceforth there Wood there, for or in the Name of Fee Wood, or shall be delivered unto the Keepers of the said three Profits belonging to their Offices.

Walks for the Time being, out of the Woods in the iotk It*. It shall casually happen that the said sic. said Wast, for their Fire Wood, by the fiservator two Men appointed for the felling of the said Fee thSof, for every Walk, 20 Loads of such Firewood as Wood, Custom Wood, and Livery Wood, shall fell is hereafter appointed for Fee Wood, and livery Wood, or cut down more Wood, in any Year, than shall yearly, until the Queen's Maty may be moved for her suffice for th' accomplishment of the Wood that is and pleasure and Warrant for the same; and from thence- shall, as afsd, be allowed and set down, that then the forth, according to her Highness good Pleasure and said Overseers shall sell the same Overplus to the best Warrant. Profit they can; and of the same, and of the Price

2* It". That two honest and substantial Men of thereof, make Account and Satisfaction to the Queen's the Freeholders of the Manor of Barking, or or suff Majesty, in this Court, in Micfcas Term Yearly; And Persons chosen by the Surveyor of the Woods for the if the sd Fellers shall wilfully, upon Purpose, fell or time being, or, in his Default, by this Court, who, cut down any more Wood than shall suffice, as afs* and the riding Bayley, shall be the Overseers and then the same Overplus to be likewise sold, and an-Preservators of the sd Woods; And that Andrew swered for, and they to be punished, and lose their Fuller, and John Snaggs, Freeholders of the said place, for so doing.

Manor, now Overseers and Preservators of the Woods, n,k It". If any Trees or Wood be fallen or taken Voi. 48. 6 Y contrary

Hr

28® Martii.

A. 1793.

Fifteenth Report contrary to theis Orders, that then the said Overseers ob Land Revenue, shall certify the same, into the Court of Excheqr, as a Trespass, and that they also certify, in Michas Term yearly, the true Quantity of all Woods, Underwoods, Trees, Lops, and Shredding of Trees, as have been fallen in the said Woods the same Year, and by/what Warrant, and to whom, and to what use the same was fallen and delivered.

12U It". That theis Orders shall be sent to all that ought to obey or perform them, or any of them, from Time to Time, as need shall require, with Writ and Writs commanding them to obey and perform the same, as far as to them shall appertain.

This is a true Copy of the Original Order.

Exchequer Office, ad May 1792.

N* 18.

Inter Records in Thesaurario Curiae Receptae Scaccarii acfeervata, viz1 in BundelT indorsat' " Clamea in Foresta de Waltham in Com' " Essex' A* R. R* Caroli Scdi Vicesimo " Secundo N* IV. b." continetur ut sequitur.

N* 41.

ESSEX.

FORESTA de WALTHAM. — PXlTA FORESTS Dfii Regis de Waltham in Com' Essex' tent' apud Stratford Langthorne in Com' Essex' die Veneris existen' Tricesitno die Decembris Anno Regni Dni CAROLI scdi nunc Regis Anglie Vicesimo secundo Cora' ALBERICO COMITE OXON' prenobilis Ordinis Garterii Milit' Capital' Justiciar' et Justiciar' Itinerant' oTu' fforestar' Chasear' parcar' et Warrenu' Dni Regis citra Trentam.

AD QUEM DIEM venit RGBTUS COMES DE LINDSEY MAGNUS CAMERAR' ANGLIE filius et heres Mountague nuper Comit' de Lindsey et nuper magni Camerar' Anglie per Johem Herne Attomalu' suu' Et clamat here tenere uti et gaudere sibi et here-dibus suis imperpm infra fforestam jklcam Lihtat' privileg' et ffranches' subsequen' viz* HERE et tenere sibi et heredibus suis Officiu' Custod' et Seneschall' totius fforestae pdict' et here potestatem et authori-tatem substituend' et nominand' unu' locu' tenen' ejusdem fforest' et unu' fforestar' equitant' Anglice vocat' the Rideing Forester Et Tres fforestarios pe-destres vocat'- Yeoman fforesters ad essend' in tribus Ballivat' ejusdem fforeste Et clamat etiam here potestatem et Authoritatem substituend' et nSiand' Cus-todes Ambulaconu' ejusdem fforeste vocat' Keepers of the Walkes — Clamat etiam here Custodiam Domus de Havering att Bower et Custodia' parci de Havering in Com' pdict' et nominacSem et substitucSem oTu' et singulor Ministror' et Officiarior' pro melior' Custod' dci Domus et parci et alterius eor' ut ad officiu' Custodis et Seneschall' fforestas pdcse ab antiquo spec-tan' et pertinen' AC ETIAM clamat omia et singula bona et Catalla waviat et exthur' infra fforest' pdict' Et Omes et Singnlos Arbor, es et Boscos vocat' Deere-field Wood sive Browsing wood infra pdict' fforest' Et Amerciament' de omitiz et singulis curiis Swa-nimot' et de omibc et singulis miis curiis vocat' Wood_ Courts infra fforest' pdict' tent' et tenend' pterqm pro venagone et de corporibus quercu' Et Siti? Clamat hare et quolibt coopto et de qualiht Haia vocat' Hedgrowes vendit' aut vendiSoni ex posit' infra fforest' pdcam de quoliht solido unu' Denariu' Et Clamat etiam Chiminagiu' infra fforest' pdict' quoliht Anno per Quindecim dies ante ffestu' nati-vitatis S5i Johis Bapte et per quindecim dies post Pdict' ffestu' atq' in dSo ffesto vidett de qualiht Ca-recta iiij4 Et de quoliht cutru Angl' every Waggon,

Cart, or Dray, ij4 per Strata de Stratford Langthorne pdict' infra fforest' pdict' duct' seu eunt' Ac etiam pro quoliht pondere circulor' Anglice every Loade of Hoopes iiij4 Ac pro quoliht pondere Lupulor' Anglice every Loade of Hops iiij4 per Strata de Stratford Langthorne pdict' infra fforest' pdict' duct' seu eunt' Et pro qualiht Sarcina lane Anglice every Packe of Wool in Carecta seu curru vel super equu' oliat' iiij4 Et pro qualiht Sarcinula Lane Anglice every halte packe of Wool ij4 oQat' ut pdcm est per Strata pdict' infra fforest' pdict' eunt' Ac etiam pro quoliht equo onusto cum aliquo owe Vinct' cum cingto Anglice tyed with a Wantye or Wombety per Strata pdict infra fforestam pdcam duct' seu eunt' ij4 Et insuper Clamat here unam Gaolam seu prison' in Stratford Langthorne pdict' infra fforestam fklSam pro salva Custodia omiu' et Singlor' ttiu personar' que inveni-ent' Transgressores et Malefoores in fforest' pdict' aut Scdm legem arestent' Attaichient' et Comittent' prisone pdce pro delictis suis fact' contra leges fforestar' per Justiciaries aut alios Ministros fforeste pdict' pro tempore existen' aut eor' aliquos et que per et corain eis aut aliquibus eor' debent inquiri audiri aut Vminari — Clamat etiam quod ipe et hered' sui de tempore intern-pus licite potest et possint per Scriptu' sub manu vel manibus suis Constituere et appunctuare unam idoneam jersonam ad essend' Gaolariu' aut Custod' prisone Wict' et personar' sic comittend' et ips* continuare in oco seu Officio Gaolarii seu custod' pdict' duran' tti tempore quo ipe seu ipi sese bene gererent in execu-cone loci pdei Que quidem persona sic nominand' et appunctuand' Gaolar' aut Custos ut pdfim est duran' termino quo hebit et exercebit dJfm Officiu' Gaolar' aut Custodis licite potest here recipere et accipere pro exercicio et execuSone died officii talia feoda regard' allocationes et perficua qualia Gaolarius aut Custos Comunis Gaole de Com' Essex' p tempore existen' usualit' habet capit et recipit de pro et concerned oSs et singtos ties prisonarios et personas qui vel que Comittat' aut Comittent' ad prisonam pro aliquo delicto Causa aut re quacunq' fkerquam prodicone et ffelonia ET P9D€US ROBTUS COMES DE LINDSEY pro titulo suo ad hend' et gaudend' lihtat' privileg' et ffranches' supradict' dicit per Attornatum suu' pdict' quod Foresta {5dca est antiqua fforesta et est fforest' dci Dfii Regis nunc et a tempore cujus contrar' mernoria hoiu' non existit suit fforest' dci Dfii Regis et progenitor' suor' Regu' Anglie Et quod a tempore Bdfio et per tempus pdict' nebat et adhuc het in fforest' pdict' Officiu' Custod' et Seneschall' fforestae pdict' Et est et a toto tempore et per totu' tempus pdict' suit Custos et Seneschallus ejusdem fforestae Et quod sunt et a toto tempore pddo et per tempus pdcm fuerunt in Foresta pdfa Ministri ejusdem Foreste subscript' Viz* Unu' locu' tenens diet' Custodis et Seneschalli fforeste pdce pro tempore existen' unus fforestarius equitans Anglice vocat' a Rideing fforester Et tres fforestarii pedestres Anglice vocat' Yeoman Foresters ad essend' in tribus Ballivat' ejusdem fforeste super Salva Custodia eardem Et Cus-todes sepaliu' Ambulaconu' ejusdem fforeste vocat' the Keepers of the Walkes ET QUOD a toto tempore pddo et per tempus pdict' quiliht Custos et Seneschallus Foreste Pd3e ut pdSm est pro tempore-existen' potestat' huit et Authoritat' substituend' ddtn locu' tenent' et fforestariu' equitante' vocat' the Rideing Forester et tres fforestarius pedestres vocat' Yeomen fforesters in fforesta pdda et pdict' sepcral' Cus-todes pddar* seperaliu' ambulacfonu' in fforesta pdea Et quod a toto tempore pdict' et per totu' tempus Pdict' quiliht Custos et Seneschall' fforeste pd?e o?s et singtos humoi locu' tenen' et Forestar' pdict' aut eor' aliquem in fforma jpdda substitut' ad libitu' suu' toties quoties sibi placuisset de officio illo aut officiis illis respective amovere et aliu' sive alios in loco ipius sive ipor' Ita ut pdict' est remoti seu remotor' respect

tive

33 Geo. III. 28° Marlu. 543

tive de novo ordinare et loco suo sive locis suis depu-tare ct instituere Et post morte' alicujus Custod' se-paliu' Ambulaconu' fforeste pdce aut eor' amove . respective aliu' sive alios sitr deputare et instituere pro -salva Custod' fforeste pdict' licite potuit et consuevit ET DIGIT etiam quod quilibt Gustos et Seneschallus foreste pdict' pro tempore existen' a toto tempore ideo et per totu' tempus pdict' buit et percepit et Sere et percipere consuevit in fforesta pdea Omnia et singta bona et Catalla vraviat* et exlhur' et omnes et singtos Arbores et Boscos vocat' Deerefald wood sive Browseing Wood infra fforest' pdict' et Amerciament' de oTbus et singtis. Guriis Swanimot' et de oibus et singtis aliis Curiis vocat' Wood Courts infra fforesta' fidcam tent' et tenend' provenient' scdm Assiam Fo-reste Capiend' et ad usu' suu' propfiu' retinend' et bend' pterquam pro venacone et corporibus quercuu' Et simir dicit quod quilibt Custos et Senechallus Fo-reste pdict' pro tempore ut pdcm est existen' a toto tempore Bdco et per totu* tempus pdict' tiuit et percepit et Here et percipere debet de quolibt coopto et qualibt Haia vocat' Hedgrowe vendit' aut vendend' infra fforesta* pdcam de quolibt solido unu' denariu'

ET SIMILITER idem ROBTUS COMES DE LINDSEY per Attomatu* suu'pdcm dicit quod Cus-todia Domus de Havering att Bower ac parci de Havering pdict' cu' suis pertinen' infra fforesta' pdcam et ndiaco et substituco omniu' et singulor' Ministror' et officiarior' pro meliori Custod' Domus et parci {idict' aut alicujus eor' Custod' et Seneschall' ac officio Custod' et Senescalcie fforeste {idict' pro tempore existen* a toto tempore {idict' et per totu' tempus' {idem pertinuit et pertinere Consuevit et quod per totu' tempus {idem et a toto tempore {idco quilibt Custos et Se-neschall' fforeste {idee ut {idem est pro tempore existen' buit et percepit et bere et percipere consuevit noie chi-minagii in Bdca fforesta quolibt anno per quindecim dies ante ffestu' Nativitat* Sci Jobis Bapte et per Quindecim dies post {idem ffestu' Atq' in dco ffesto de et pro qualibt Carecta iiijd Et de quolibt curru Anglice every Waggon Carr or Dray ij4 per Strata de Stratford Langthorne Bdict' infra fforesta' {idea' duct* seu eunt' AC ETIAM pro quolibt pondere Circulor' Anglice every Loade of Hoopes iiijd Ac pro quolibt pondere Lupul' Anglice every Loade of Hopps iiij4 per Strata {idict' intra fforesta pdcam duct' seu eunt' ut pdcm est Et sititer pro qualibt Sarcina lane Anglice every Packe of Wooll in Curru seu Carecta vel

super equu' ofiat iiijd Et pro qualibt Sarcinula lane Anglice every halse Packe or little Packe of Wooll ij4 per Strata' pdea' infra fforesta* {idea' in fforma {idea Onerat' Et insuper pro quolibt Equo onusto cu' o8e vincto cu' Cingulo vocat' a Wantye or Wombety ij4 Et quod qualibt Custos et Seneschallus fforeste pdce ut {idem est pro tempore existen' per tempus {idem et a toto {idco tempore oia et Singta libtat' proficua feod' emolument' Authoritates et potestates pdict' et oia et singta {imissa pdict' respective buit pcepit et exercuit ac bere percipere et exercere consuevit ut ad dSm officiu' Custodis et senescalcie fforeste pd8e pertinen' et spectan' per totu' tempus {idem Et I^DCUS ROBTUS COMES DE LINDSEY ulterius dicit quod pdcus Mountague nuper Comes de Lindsey (cujus heres i|Se idem Robertas Comes de Lindsey est) in vita sua sciit primo die Octobr' Anno Regni Dni Caroli primi nuper Regis Anglie Decimo apud Stratford Langthorne {idict' suit sbit' in Dnico suo ut de feodo de {idco officio Custodis et Senescalcie fforeste {idee ac de omnibus ct singtis lib'tatibus proficuis feod is emolument' Authoritat' et potestat' pdict' eidem officio ut fifertur spectan' Ac de Custodia Domus de Havering att Bower et Parci de Havering {idict' Et suit Custos et Seneschallus fforeste {idee Ac quod deus Mountague nup' Comes de Lindsey et obs antecessores sui a tempore cujus cootrarii me-Vol. 48.

moria hominu' non existit et per totu' tempus {idem Fifteenth Repnrt Offic' {idem ac omnia et singta libtat' proficua feoda on band Revenue.

emolumenta authoritat' et poestat' pdet' nec nonv / ——

Custodia' Domus de Havering att Bower et Parci de Havering {idict' ac omnia et singula alia {imissa {idea respective ut ad {idict' officiu' Custod' et Senescalcie fforeste {idee spectan' et pertinen' buerunt percepe-runt et exercuerunt QUODQ' {idict' Mountague nuper Comes de Lindsey sic de Premissis seit per nomen de Mountague Bertie Miles Dnus Willoughbye in Cur' nuper Dni Regis Caroli primi fforestr sui Bdict' tent' apud Stratford Langthorne in Com' Essex'

Bdict' {idicto die Mercurii primo die Octobris Anno Regni dci Dni nuper Regis Caroli Regis Anglie Decimo Cora' Henrico nuper Comit* Holland' {Jnobilis ordinis Garterii niilit' tunc Capital' Justiciar' et Justiciar* Itinerant' oiu' fforestar' Chasear' Parcor' et Warren' dci dni Caroli nuper Regis Anglie &c citra Tren-tam veniebat et ad tunc et ibm per Edrum Offley Attor-natu' suu' in eadem Cur' Clamavit' bere et tenere uti et gaudere sibi et hered' suis imperpuu' infra Foresta' pdict' libtat' preveleg' et ffranches' pdict' inter alia vidett bere et tenere sibi et hered' suis Officiu' Custod' et Seneschall' totius fforest' Bdict' Et bere potestatem et authoritatem substituend' et nominand' un' locu' tenentem un' fforestar equitant' Anglice vocat' the Rideing fforster et tres fforestarios pedestres vocat'

Yeomen Forsters ad essend* in tribus Ballivat' ejusdem Forest' AC ETIAM here potestatem et authoritatem substituend' et nominand' Custodes Ambulaconu' ejusdem fforestar' vocat' Keepers of the Walkes nec non bere Custodia' Domus de Haverin® att Bower et Custod' parci de Havering in Com' pdict' et nomico-nern et substituconem omiu' ct singulor' Ministror' et Officiarior' pro meliori Custod' dci Domus et Parci et alterius eorum ut ad officiu' Custod' et senescalcie fforeste pdce ab antiquo spectan' et pertinen' AC ETIAM oraia et singta bona et Catalla waviat' et exthur' infra fforesta pdict' Et omes et singlos Arbores et Boscos vocat' Deere field Wood sive Browsing Wood infra fforest' pdict et amerciament' de oibus et singiis Curiis Swanimot' et de oibus et Singiis aliis Curiis vocat' Wood Courts infra fforest' pdict' tent' et tenend' pterqm pro venacone et de corporibus quercuu' AC ETIAM bere de quolbt coopto et de qualibt Haia vocat' Hedgrowes vendit' aut vendiconi exposit' infra fforesta' pdea' de quolibt Solido unu' denariu' Et de quolibt Magno Bosco infra fforesta'

Pdict' vendit' aut vendiconi expoit' aut exponend' scdm meliore' qucrcu' AC ETIAM de venditore et emptore unu' arcu' et una' Catapulta' et unu' denariu' in super de quolibt solido provenien' de vendicone pdict' AC ETIAM Chiminagiu' infra fforesta' pdea' quolibt Anno per quindecim dies ante ffestu' Nativi-tatis Sci Jobis Bapte et per quindecim dies post pdcin ffestu' atq' in dco ffesto vidett de qualibt Carecta iiij4 Et de quolibt Curru Anglice every Waggon Cart or Dray ij4 per Strata' de Stratford Langthorne pdict' infra fforesta' pdict' duct' seu eunt' Necnon pro quolibt pondere Circulor' Anglice every loade of Hoopes iiij4 Ac pro quolibt pondere Lupulor' Anglice every loade of Hopps iiij4 per Strata' de Stratford Langthorne Pdict' infra fforesta' pdict' duct' seu eunt' Et pro qualibt Sarcina lane Anglice every packe of Wooll in Carecta seu curru vel super equu' on'at' iiij4 Et pro qualibt Sarcinula lane Anglice every halfe packe of Wooll ij4 oraat' ut Pdcm est per Strata' pdict infra fforesta' Bdict' eunt' AC ETIAM pro quolibt equo onusto cu aliquo one vinct' cu' cinglo Anglice tyed with a Wantye or Wombety per Strata' predca' infra Foresta' pdea' duct' seu eunt ij4 AC ETIAM bere una'

Gaola' seu Prison' in Stratford Langthorne pdict' infra fforesta'pdea' pro salva Custodia omiu' et Singulor' tiium personaru' que invenient' Transgressores et Malefcores in fforesta pdea aut scdm legem Arrestent' Attachient' et Comittent' Prisone pdee pro delictis fuis fact' contra

leges

544

28° Martix.

A. 1793.

Fifteenth Report leges fforest' per Justiciaries aut alios Ministros fforeste tiu Land Revenue, pdce pro tempore existen' aut eor' aliquos et que per

v ----- ----- --- J et corn' eis aut aliquibus eor' debent Inquiri Audiri et

Terminari AC ETIAM quod ipe et hered' sui de tempore in tempus licite potuit et potuerint per scrip-tu' sub manu vel manibus suis constituere et appunc-tuare una' Idonea' persona' ad essend' Gaolariu' aut Custod' Prisone pdce Et person' sic comittend' et ipsos continuare in loco seu officio Gaolarii seu Custod' pdict' duran' tti tempore quo ipe seu ipi sese bene ge-rerent in execucone loci fklci Quequidem persona sic nominand' et appunctuand' Gaolar' aut Custos ut pdem est duran' termino quo heret et exerceret dcm officiu' Gaolar' aut Custodis licite potest here recipere et accipere pro exercicio et execucone dci officii ttia feod' regard' allocacones et proficua Qualia Gaolarius aut Custos CoTs Gaole de Comitat' Essex' pro tempore existen' usualit' habuit' cepit ct recepit de pro et concernen' omes et Singulos ties prisonarios et personas qui vel que Comittat' aut Comittent' ad prisona' de aliquo delicto causa autre quacunq' pterqm' proditione et ffelonia ET I^DCXJS Mountague nuper Comes de Lindsey pro Titto suo bend' et gaudend' libtat' privileg' et Branches' supradict' dicebat per Attornatu' suu' pdict' quod Foresta pdea suit antiqua fforesta et fforest' dci nuper Dni Regis et a tempore cujus con-trarii Memoria homiu' non existit suit fforesta dci nuper Dni Regis et progenitor' suor' Regu' Anglie et quod tunc et a toto tempore f)dco et per tempus pdict' habebat in fforest' pdict' Officiu' Custod' ac Seneschall' fforeste pdict' Et quod tunc et a toto tempore et per totum tempus pdict' suit Custos et Seneschallus ejus-dem fforeste Et qucd tunc et a toto tempore pdeo et per tempus pdict' fuerunt in Foresta pdea Ministri ejusdem fforeste Subscript' vidett unus locu' tenens diet' Custodis et Seneschalli fforeste pdce pro tempore existen' unus fforestarius equitans Anglice vocat' a Rideing fforster et tres fforestarii pedestres Anglice vocat' Yeoman fforsters ad essend' in tribus Ballivat' ejusdem Foreste super Salva Custodia eardem Et Custodes se-paraliu' Ambulaconu' ejusdem fforeste vocat' the Keepers of the Walkes Et quod a toto tempore pdeo et per tempus pd£m quilibt Custos et Senescallus fforeste pdce pro tempore existen* potestat' habuit et authoritat' substituend' dcm locu' tenentem et fforestariu' equitantem vocat' the Rideing fforster et Tres ffores-tarios pedestres vocat' Yeomen fforsters in Foresta pd2a et pdict' seperal' Custodes pdcar' seperaliu' Ambulaconu in fforesta pdea et quod a toto tempore Bdict' et per totu' tempus pdict' quilibt Custos et Seneschall' fforeste pdce omes et Singtos humoi locu' tenentem et fforestar' pdict' aut eor' aliquem in fforma pdea substitut' ad libitu' suu* toties quoties sibi pla-cuisset de officio illo aut officiis illis respective amovere et-aliu' sive alios in loco ipius sive iport' ita ut pdem est emoti seu remotor' respective de novo ordinare et loco suo sive locis suis deputare et instituere Et post Mortem alicujus Custod' seperaliu' Ambulaconu' fforeste 0dce aut eor' remotion' respective aliu' sive alios sitit deputare et instituere pro salva Custod' fforeste pdict' licite potuit et consuevit Et quod quilibt Custos et Seneschallus fforeste pdict' pro tempore ut pd£m est existen' a toto tempore pdeo et p totu* tempus pdem habuit et percepit et here et percipere consuevit in Foresta pdea omia et singta bona et Catalla waviat' et Exthur' et omes et singtos Arbores et Boscos vocat' Deerefald-wood sive Browsing-wood infra fforesta'

tdict' et amerciament' de oibus et singulis Curiis wanimot* et de omibus et singtis aliis Curiis vocat' Wood Courts infra fforest' pdict' tent' et tenend' pro-venient' sedm Assiam fforeste capiend' et ad usu' suu' propriu' retinend' et bend' pterquam pro venacone et corporibus quercuu' Et siti? dicebat quod quilibt Custos et Seneschall' fforeste pdict' pro tempore existen' a toto tempore pd2o et per totu' tempus pdict' huit et

percepit et bere et percipere debuit de qualibt Haia vocat' Hedgrowe vendit' aut vendend' infra fforesta' Pdea' de quolibt solido unu' Denariu' et de quolibt Magno Bosco infra fforesta' pdict' geren' nomen Magni Bosci vendit' aut vendend' aut vendiconi expo!? aut exponend' secunda' meliorem quercu' Et etiam de venditore et emptore unu' arcu' et una' Catapult' et unu' denar' in super de quolibt solido pro-venien' de vendicone alicujus humoi Bosci infra fforesta pdea' vendit' seu vendend' percipiend' et bend* idem quercu' et pdict' arcu' et catapult' per manus ocu' tenentis fforeste pdce pro tempore existen' et Mem denariu' de quolibt solido ut pdem est per manus fforestar' fforeste predee pro tempore existen' in cujus Bailia tiis vendico fieri contiguit ET QUOD Custodia Domus de Havering att Bower ac Parci de Havering pdict' cu' suis pertinen' infra Foresta' pdea et noiaco et substituco omiu' et singulor' Ministror' et Officiar' pro meliori Custod' domus et parci pdict' aut al?erius eor' Custod' et Seneschall' ac Officio Custod' et Seneschall' fforeste pdict' pro tempore existen' a toto tempore pdict' et per totu' tempus pdem perti-nuit et pertinere consuevit et qd per totu' tempus pdem et toto tempore pdeo quilibt Custos et Seneschallus fforeste prded pro tempore existent' huit et pcepit et here et pcipere consuevit n5ie Chiminagii in pdea fforesta quolibt anno per quindecim dies ante ftestu' Nativitat' Sci Johis Bapte et quindecim dies post pdem ffestu' Atq' in dco ffesto de et pro qualibt Carecta iiij4 et de quolibt Curru Anglice Every Waggon Carr or Dray ij4' per Strata de Stratford Langthorne pdict' infra fforesta' pdea' duct' seu eunt' AC ETIAM pro quolibt pondere Circulor' Anglice every Loade of Hoopes iiij*' ac pro quolibt pondere Lupul' Angl' every Loade of Hopps iiij4'

Strata' pd' infra fforestam pd' duct' seu eunt' ut Pdem est et similiter p qualibt sarcina lane Anglice every Packe of Wooll in curru seu carecta vel super equu' onerat' iiij4' Et p qualibt sarcinula lane Anglice every halfe Packe or little Packe of Wool ij4' p Stratam pd' infra fforestam pd' in forma pd' oreat' Et insuper p quolibt equo onusto cum onere vincto cum cingulo vocat' a Wanty or Wombety ij4 Et qd quilibt Custos et Seneschallus fforeste pd' ut pdem est p tempus pdem et a toto tempore pdcfo omia & singula libertates pficua feoda Emolumenta Authoritates et potestates Bdict' et omnia et singula presmissa pdict' respective buit pcepit et exercuit ac here pcipere et exercere consuevit ut ad dcm Officium Custodis et Senesehalcie fforeste pd' ptinen' & Spectan' p tempus pred' ET ULTERIUS dixit qd Henricus nup' Comes Oxon' suit sbitus in Dnico suo ut de feodo de pred' officio Custodis et Senesehalcie fforeste fid' ac de omibus et singfis libtatibus proficuis feodis Emolu-mentis Authoritat' et potestat' pred' eidem Officio ut pfertur Spectan' Ac de Custodia Domus de Havering att Bower et parci de Havering pred' Et suit Custos et Seneschallus fforeste pred' Ac qd deus Henricus Comes Oxon' et omes antecessores sui a tempore cujus contrarii memoria hSiu' non existit p totam tempus pred' officiu' pred' ac omia & singula libtat proficua feoda emolumenta authoritates et potestat' pred' necnon Custod' domus de Having att Bower et parci de Having pdict' ac omia et singula pmissa pd' respective ut ad pd' Officiu' Custod' & Senesehalcie fforeste pd' Spectan' et ptinen' huerunt & pceperunt et exercuer' Qui quidem Henricus nup' Comes Oxon' primo die Augusti Anno regni dci nup Dni R* sedo apud Stratford Langthorne pred' obiit sine exitu Et quod Officiu' Custod' & Seneschal' fforeste pred' ac omia & singta libtat proficua feoda Emolument' Authoritat' et potestat' pred' Ac Custod' Domus de Havering att Bower et parci de Havering pd' Ac omia & singta alia pmissa pd' cuidam Robto nup' Corniti de Lyndsey descendebant ut consanguineo & Hered'

pd*

545

pd' Henrici nup' Comitis - Oxon' vjdett ut filio et hered' Marie nup' ux' Peregrini nup' Dni Willoughby de Earseby consangui* et hered' pd' Henrici nup' Comitis Oxon' Et qd idem Robtus nuper Comes de Lyndsey suit sSitus in dnico suo ut de feodo de pred' Officio Custod' & Senescal-cie fforeste pd' ac de omibus & Singtis libtatibus proficuis feodis Emolument' authoritat' et potestat' pred' Ac de Custodia Domus de Havering att Bower et Parci de Havering pdict' Et ill' buit pcepit & exercuit Et qd Dnus Jacobus nup' Rex Anglie &c. p Lras suas patentes sub magno Sigillo suo Anglie Sigillat' geren' Dat' apud Westin' vicesimo scdo die Maii Anno regoi ejusdem nup' Regis Anglie &c. quintodecimo et in Cur' ilia tunc p eund' Montague plat' ex Spiali gra certa - Scientia & Mero motu suis dedit & concessit p se hered' et Successoribus suis pred' Henrico nuper Comiti Oxon' et heredibus suis qd ipe idem Henricus et hered' ejus imppm extunc imposteru' here possent in Stratford Langthorne pred' unam Gaolam sive prisonam p Custod' & Salvo custo-diend' omiu' & Singlar' humoi psonar' que inveni-rent' fore transgressores aut delinquentes in dca fforesta aut scdm legem arrestent' attacharent' aut comit-terent' dee Prisone p eor' delicti* Comiss' contra leges fforeste ET ULTERIUS qd idem nuper Rex p se heredibus et Successoribus suis dedit & concessit pdeo Henr' nup' Comiti Oxon' plenam potestat' li-cenciam & autoritatem erigend' edificand' & pvidend' in Stratford Langthorne pred' unam idoneam convenient' domu' que quidem domus sive locus ita pvidend' erigend' & edificand' p dem Henr' seu hered* suos esset de tempore in tempus vocat' accept' reputat' & continuat' Gaola dci dni Regis hered' & Successor' suor' p custod' & Salva Custod' o5iiu' humoi psonar' <jue de tempore in tempus comitterent' eidem p delict' fklict p Justiciaries sive alios ministros dee fforeste p tempore existen' seu p eor' aliquos p ali-quibus delictis transgressionibus materiis rebus seu causis quibuscunq' met' seu comiss' contra leges fforeste & que p aut Coram illis seu eor' aliquibus deberent enquiri audiri & terminari Et qd eidem psone p Justiciaries seu Alios Ministros dSe fforeste Comiss' seu Comittend' dee Gaole ibi remanerent et continuarent sub Custodia et salva tuicone Custodis ejusdem prisone donee scdm leges fforeste aut scdm leges & Statut' Regni Angl' pantea in eo casu fact' & pvis' ponrent' ad largu' & ex eadem delibarent* Et qd idem Hen" & hered' ejus licite de tempore in tempus p scriptum sub ejusdem Henr' aut hered' suor' manibz et Sigillas constituerent et appunctua-rent unam idoneam Sc convenient' personam ad essend' Custod' dee prisone et prisonar' ita ut [idem est comittend' eidem Et qd eadem Psona sic con-stitut* & appunctuat' remanerent in eodem officio seu loco Custodis p et duran' tempore quo se bene gereret in execucone ejusdem officii Et qd persona et persone p pdict' Henr' seu hered' ejus nSiand' & constituend' Custos seu Custodes prisone pdee ut pdem est p & duran' tempore quo ipa aut ipe berent & exercerent dem officiu' Custod' dee prisone licite recipent capent & gauderent p exercitio & execucone dci officii Custodis prisone pred' talibz feodis re-

girdis allocaconibus & pficuis qual' Custos cSis Gaole omitat' Essex' p tempore existen' bebat capiebat & recipiebart aut capet beret et recipet de pro & con-cemen'/omniu* et singular' prisonar' et psonas que comitterent' aut comittent' prisone p aliquo delicto causa seu materia qualicunq' alia Bterqm pdicone & felonia ET ULTERIUS qd dee Lre patent' seu ir-Votlament' eordem essent in et per omnia bon' firme pt effectual' in lege ad intencones et pposit' pdict' , Atq' ita adjudicarent' construerenf et accident' in om-pibus & Singulis Curiis . record' & alibi non obstante fdiqua incertitudine aut also defectu in eisdem content' aut aliquo also actu statut' ordinacone seu pvisione aut alia Causa consideracone seu materia aut re qua Vol. 48.

cunq' Qdq' virtute illar' Lrar' patientiu' & Concess' Fifteenth Report pdict' deus Henricus nuper Comes Oxon* seitus suit on ^and Revenue>

ut de feodo sibi & hered' suis de autoritat' libtat' po-v" — ^-J

testat' & oibz & singulis aliis hereditament' in dcis Iris patent* conten' & concess' Et sic inde sbitus existen' idem nuper Comes postea unu' domu' idoneu' convenient' in Stratford Langthorne fjdict' erexit & edi-ficavit et pvidit p Custod' prisoner' juxta intencoem dear' Lrar' patentiu' et constituit et appunctuavit unu' idoneu' & convenient' psona' ad essend' Custos dee domus scdm intenconem dear' Lrar' patentiu' Qdq' eadem domus tunc suit et a tempore quo pdict' Henr' domu' pdict' erexit' edificavit & pvidit suit Gaola p salva Custod' delinquenciu' & prisonar* scdm intenconem dear' Lrar* patentiu' et tunc suit et a tempore quo pdict' Henricus constituit et appunctuavit unam idoneam & convenient' psonam ad essend' Custod' pdict' domus suit una idonea & convenien' persona Custos diet' domus constitutus et appunctuat' scdm intenednem dear' Lrar' patentiu' Et qd fidcus Henricus nuper Comes Oxon' de autoritat' Libertat' potestat'

& aliis ^missis pdcis p Lras paten' pdict' concess'. sic ut pfertur sSit existen' apud Stratford Langthorne pdict' p Cartam suaro sigillo suo sigillat' et aelibat' vicesimo quarto die Maii Anno regni dci nuper Regis Jacobi vicesimo scdo et in diet' Cur* diet' nuper Regis tunc plat' dedit & concessit dcam autoritat' libtat' & potestat' & oia & singta alia hereditament' in dcis Iris patentibz content' & Specificat' Witto Comiti Exon' & heredibus & assign' suis ad solum opus ad usu' ipius Witti Comitis Exon* hered' & assign' suor' imppm virtute Cujus idem Witts Comes Exon' suit de diet' autoritat' libtat' & potestat' & oibz & singulis aliis hereditament* in dcis Iris paten' content' & Specificat' s8itus sibi & hered' suis ut de feodo Et sic inde sbit' existen' apud Stratford Langthorne pdief p cartam suam sigillo suo Sigillat' & aelibat' dat' vicesimo octavo die Maii Anno regni diet' Dni Caroli nu- " per Regis Angl' tercio, et in diet' Cur' diet' nuper Regis tunc ostens' dedit et concessit diet' Autoritat* libtat' et potestat' 8co7a 8csingta alia hereditament'in dcis Iris patentibus content' et specificat' pfat'

Robto nuper Comiti de Lyndsey hered' et assign* suis ad solum & ppriu' usu' ejusdem Robti Comitis de Lyndsey hered' & assign* suor' imppm Ac qd virtute inde idem Robtus nuper Comes de Lyndsey sSit' suit de pdict' autoritat' libtat* & potestat' & omnibus & singulis hereditament' in dcis Iris patentibus content' & specificat' ut de feodo sibi et hered' suis Ac qd pdict' Robt' nuper Com' de Lyndsey tin de pdict' Offic' Custod' & Seneschal' fforeste pdee ac de libtat' pficuis feodis Emolumentis autori-tatibus & potestatibus pdcis eidem Officio ut pfertur spectan' Ac de pdict' custodia domus de Havering att Bower et Parci de Havering pdict' qm de pdict autoritat' libtat' & potestat' Sc aliis pmissis pdcis p Lras paten' pdict' ut pfertur concess' in forma pdefa sSit' existen' Idem Robtus nuper Comes de Lyhdsey apud Stratford Langthorne pdict' p cartam suam sigillo suo sigillat' vicesimo tercio die Novembris Anno Regni dicti nuper Dni nri Caroli nono & in diet' Cur' diet' nuper Regis tunc ostens' dedit & concessit pdict' officiu' custodis & seneschalcie fforeste pdee Ac omes & singtas libtat' prpficua feoda Emolument' autoritat'

& potestaf ©diet' eidem officio Spectan' ac Custod' domus de Havering att Bower et parci de Havering pdict' Necnon diet* Autoritat' Libtat' & potestat* x oia & singta hereditament' in dcis Iris paten' content'

8c specificat' Bnobili Georgio Comiti Rutland' Pere-grino Bertie Militi & Henrico Bertie Armigo & hered*

& Assign' suis imppm Ac J[d virtute inde iidem Georgius Comes Rutland' Peregrinus Bertie Miles et Henricus Bertie fuer' de diet' Officio Custod' & seneschalcie fforeste pdee ac oibz & singtis Libtat' pficuis feodis Emolument* autoritat' & potestat' pdcis eidem officio spectan' Ac Custodia Domus de Havering att Bower et parci de Havering pdict' Necnon de pdict*

6 Z auteritat*

546

28° Martii.

A. 1793.

Fifteenth Report autoritat* litStat* & potestat* & oibz & singtis aliis he-on Lud Revenue. reditament' in dcis L?is patent* content' s?it* in dnico 'suo ut de feodo. Et sic inde sbit' existen' iidem Comes Rutland Peregrine Bertie et Henr* Bertie apud Stratford Langthorne pdict' p Cartam sua' Sigillo suo Sigillat' scdo die Junii Anno regni dicti Dni Caroli Primi nuper Regis decimo in diet* Cur' diet' nuper Regis tunc ostens' deder' & concesser* pd£m officiu' Custodis & Seneschalcie fforeste pd?e ac omia & singta libtat' pficua feoda emolument' autoritat' et potestat' eidem officio spectan' ac custodiam Domus de Havering att Bower & parci de Havering pdict' Necnon diet' autoritat' libtat' & potestat' omia & Singta hereditament* in dcis Iris patentibus content' & Specificat' Fdo Pye Juniori gen'oso filio & hered' apparen* Edmundi Pye senions de London gen'osi hered' Sc assign' suis ad solum & ppriu* usum ejusdem Edmundi Pye Jun' hered' & assign' suor' imppm ac ?jd virtute inde idem Edmundus Pye Junior sSit suit de

fdict' officio Custodis & Senescalcie fforeste 6d5e ac btatibus pficuis feodis emolument' autoritar & potestat' Bdict' eidem officio spectan* Ac de pdict' Cus-todia Domus de Havering att Bower & Parci de Havering pdict' Necnon de pdict autoritat' libtat* & Potestaty & omnibus & singtis aliis hereditament' in -dcis Iris patentibus content' & specificat' sSit' sibi & heredibus suis ut de feodo. Et sic inde sSit' existen' idem Edmundus Pye Jun' apud Stratford Langthorne Pdict* p cartam suam sigillo suo sigillat' die

Anno Regni diet* Dni Caroli Primi nuper Regis Anglie decimo et tunc in dSa Cur* d?i nuper Regis ostens' dedit & concessit d£m Officiu' Custodis & Seneschalcie fforeste pdict' ac oia & singta libtat' pficua feoda emolument' autoritat' & potestat' eidem Officio spectan' Ac Custod' Domus de Havering att Bower et Parci de Havering pdict' Ac eciam pdict' autoritat' libtat' & potestat' & omnia & singta al' hereditaments in dcis Iris patentibus content' & Speci-Jicat' pfat* Mountague nuper Comiti Lyndsey p nomen de Mountague Bertie Militi Dfio Willoughby hered' & assign suis ad solum & ppriu usum ejusdem Mountague hered' Sc Assign' suor' imppm Ac qd virtute inde idem Mountague s?it' suit & tunc sbit' extitit de pdeo officio Custodis et Senescalcie fforeste pd?fe Ac de oibz et singtis libtatibz pficuis feodis emolument' autoritat' et potestat' pdcis eidem officio ut fifertur spectan' ac de pdea Custodia Domus de Havering att Bower & Parci de Havering pdict' Necnon de pdict' autoritat' libtat & potestat' oibz & singtis hereditament' in dcis Iris patentibus content' & specificat' in dnico suo ut de feodo sibi hered' suis Et qd ipe omnia & singula Pmissa pdict' parat' suit verificare &c. Et inde petiit Judiciu' et qd pdem officiu' Custod' & Senescalcie fforest' pdee & omnia & singta Libtat pficua feoda emolument' autoritat' & potestat' Bdict' et Custodia Domus de Havering att Bower & Parci de Havering pdict Aceciam pdict' autoritat' libtat' & potestat' & omnia & singula hereditamenta & cetera pmissa p litteras paten' pedcas ut pfertur concess' Sc p ipra superius clamat' respective sibi al-locentur & ratificentur et qd eis uteretur & gauderet sedm jus suu' ut pdem est Et Jobes ffinch Miles qui p ddo nuper Dfio Rege tunc illic in ea parte in eadem Cur' diet' nup' Regis sequebatur psens illic in eadem Cur' in p?ia psona sua alloquutus p Bfat' tunc Capital' Justic' & Justic' itin'ant' si quia p diet' Dno Rege dicere velit idem Jobes ffinch Miles quoad bend' & tenend' prefat' Mountague Comiti de Lyndsey Sc hered' suis officiu' Custod' Sc senescal' totius fforeste pdSe St quoad bend' potestatem & autoritat' substituend' Sc noiand unu' locu' tenentem unu* ffo-restariu' equitan' Anglice vocat' the Rideing fforster et tres fforestarios pedestres vocat' Yeom' fforsters ad easend' in tribus Ballivat' ejusdem Foreste Et quoad bend' potestat' & authoritat' substituend' Sc noiand' Custodes ambulaconu* ejusdem fforeste vocal' Keepers of the Walkes Et quoad bend' Custodiam Domus de

Havering att Bower Sc Custodiam parci de Havering in Com' pdtfo et noiaconem & substituconem offiiu* & singtor Ministror' & officior' p meliori Custodia dfi Domus Sc parci & alterius eor' ut ad officiu' Custod' & senescal' fforeste pdee ab antiquo spectan' & ptinen' Et quoad bend' oia & singta bona & catalla waviat' & extrahur' infra fforestam pdSain & omes & singtos arbores & boscos vocat* Deereffeld-wood sive Browsing-wood infra pdcam fforestam et am'ciament' de oibus & singtis Curiis Swainmot' de oibz & singtis aliis Curiis vocat' Wood Courts infra fforestam pdSam tent' & tenend' ptqm p venacone & de corporibz querem Et quoad bend' de quolibt coopto et de qualibt Haia vocat' Hedgrowe vendit' aut vendiconi expSit' infra fforestam pdcam de quo libt solido unu' denariu* (except* coopt' & Haiis Dili Regis) et quoad bend' Chirninagiu' infra fforestam BdSam quolibt Anno p quindecim dies ante ffestum Nativitatis Sci Jobis Baptiste et per quindecim dies post pdem ffesto' Ac in dco ffesto vidett de qualibt carecta iiij11 et de quolibt Curru Anglice every Waggon Cart or Dray ijd p Stratam de Stratford Lang-thorne pdict* infra fforestam BdSam duct' seu eunt' Aceciam p quolibt ponder' Circulor* Anglice every loade of Hoopes iiijd ac p quolibt pondere lupul' Anglice every load of Hopps iiijd p stratam de Stratford Langthorne pdict' infra fforestam pdict' duct' seu eunt' Et p qualibt Sarcina lane anglice every packe of Wool in Carecta seu Curru vel sup' equu o8at' iiijd' Et p qualibt Sarcinula lane Anglice every halfe Packe of Wool ijd ofiat' ut pdftn est p Stratam pdcam infra Forestam pd£m eunt' Aceciam p quolibt equo onusto cum aliquo onTe vincto cum cingulo Anglice tyed with a Wanty or Wombety p stratam pdict' infra fforestam pdcam duct' seu eunt' ijd Et quoad bend' unam Gaolam seu prisonam in Stratford Langthorne pdict' infra fforestam pd&tm p salva Custodia omiu' & singtar' ttium psonar' que inveni-ent' tnsgressores Sc malefSores in fforesta pdSa aut sedm legem arestent' Attachient' & Comittent* pri-sone pdde p delict' suis fact' contra leges fforestar* p Justiciarios aut alios ministros Forest' pd2e p tempore existen' aut eor' aliquos & que p & coram eis aut aliquem eor' debent inquiri audiri & terminari Et quoad constituend' & appunctuand' unam idoneam jsonam ad essend' Gaolariu' aut custod' Prisone idee et psonaru' sic comittend' & ipm continuare in oco seu officio Gaolarii seu Custodis pdict' duran' tti tempore quo ipe seu ipi sese bene gererent in execu-cone loci pdei sup visum & inspecconem divereor* antiquor' scriptor' minimentor' et aliar' evidenc' Bfat' Mountague Comiti Lyndsey ac Lrar' patentin' pfat' nuper Regis Jacobi pdSar Aceciam seperaliu' caster' pdSar' in Clameo pddo supius menconat' non dedicit Clameu' et Titim pdem quoad Libtat' Pri-vileg' et Franches' ill' supius ult' recitat' fore 9um modo & forma prout pfat' Mountague Comes Lyndsey supius Clamavit & narravit, &c. 18 quoad Libtat' privileg' & ffranches' ill' ad tunc et ibm consider' suit p Cur' pd8m ^d pd' Mountague Comes Lyndsey Hered' & Assign' sui omibz & singtis libtatibz privi-leg' & ffranches' ill' ult' recitat' Sc Specificatis herent eauderent et uterent' Et ^d pdict' Mountague Comes Lyndsey quSd Libtat' privileg' & ffranches' ilia ab. ilia Cur' dimitteret' & qd eat inde sine die Stc. salvo semper jure Regis si quod Et quoad Clatnen' pdict' Mountague Dfii Willoughby quoad bend' de quolibt magno bosco infra fforestam pdcam vendit' aut vendiSoni expSit' aut exponend' sedm mriiorem, quercu' Aceciam de venditore et emptore unu' arcu'

8c unam Catapultam & unu' denar' msup de quolibt solido pvenien' de vendiSone pdict' Idem Jobes ffinche Miles qui tunc sequebat' See eodem Dfio Carolo primo nuper Rege Angl' pet' inde diem loquendi et el concedibat* coram pfat' tunc Capital' Justic' & Justiciar' itin'ant illic apud Stratford Langthorne pdict? usq' diem venris vicesimo' diem ffrbruarii tunc px futur'

280 Ma

547\

futur' Idem dies inde ad tunc dat' suit tam |}fat' Jotii ffinch qui sequebat' &c. qm pfat' Mountague Comiti Lyndsey put p record urn inde plenius liquet & apparet &c. Et fidcus Robtus Comes Lyndsey p fkl' Jobem Herne Attorn' suu' pdcm dicit qd pdict' Mountague nuper Comes de Lyndsey postea scitt vicesimo sexto die Julii Anno Regni Dni Regis nunc Decimo octavo apud Stratford Langthorne pdict' obiit de

Emissis sic inde seit' post Cujus mortem pd' Of-ciu' Custod' & Seneschal' Foreste pdce ac omnia & singta libtates proficua feoda emolument' autoritat' & potestat' pdict' Ac Custodia Domus de Havering att Bower & Parci de Havering pdict' Ac omia & Singta alia pmissa ©diet' pfat' Robto Comiti de Lyndsey descendebant ut filio & hered' pdict' Moun-tague nup Comitis de Lyndsey Virtute cujus pdEus Robtus Comes de Lyndsey suit & adhuc est sSit' in Dnico 8uo ut de feodo de pdco officio Custodis & Senescalcie foreste pdSe ac de omnibus & singulis Libtatibus proficuis feodis emolument' autoritatibz potestat1 pdict' ac de custod' Domus de Havering att Bower et Parci de Havering pdict' Ac ill huit per-cepit Sc exercuit Et idem Robtus Comes de Lyndsey dicit qd ipe omnia & singta Pmissa pdict' parat' est verificare &c. unde pet' Judiciu' Et qd pdcm Officiu* Custodis & Senescall' fforeste pdce et omia & Singta Libtat' proficua feoda emolument' autoritat' et potestat' pdict' et Custod' Domus de Havering att Bower et Parci de Havering' pdict' Aceciam pdict' autoritat' libtat' Sc potestat' et omia & singta hereditamenta

et cetera pmissa p ipm supius clamat' respective sibi & beredibus suis allocentur et ratificentur.

T. SIDERFIN.

Exaiatur et concordat cum Recordo p Car' S. Ellis Cleric'

Georg' Rose ar' Custod' Recordorum.

Sir,

N* 19.

Land Revenue Office, November loth, 1791.

The late Woodward of the King's Woods in the Forest of Waltham having informed us that he gave an Account Yearly to the Warden's Steward of what Wood was sold from thence for defraying Expences relative to the Forest, and of his Disbursements for Livery Logs, Repairs of Forest Gates, and other Purposes, and paid the Balance into his Hands^ for the Warden's Use, we desire you will be pleased to send us an Account of the Amount of the Money raised by Sale of Wood, from the King's Woods, and of the Application thereof in each Year, from the Commencement of His Majesty's Reign to the End of the Year 1790, or for so many Years as you may be able to give such an Account, specifying the Amount of the Expence of Repairs done under the Direction of the Woodward, or paid for by him, and of the Payments to Widows of Barking and Dagenham, in lieu of their Claims to Wood from the Kings Woods.

In the Paper transmitted to us with your Letter of the 9th May 1788 it is stated, that " the Warden " claims to have, and his Ancestors have had, 100 " Loads of Wood Annually, out of that Part of the " Forest called Heynault, and also all other F ees and Allowances in respect of Wood in the said Forest " of Waltham, by virtue of the said Offices belonging or appertaining;" and the late Woodward has informed us that that Quantity was taken Yearly for the Warden's Use from the Woods belonging to the Crown: But, as we do not find any Mention of a Claim of the Warden to Fee Wood, either in a Decree of the Exchequer in 24th Elizabeth, respecting the Claims of the Forest Officers to Allowances of Wood from the Queens Woods, or in the Grant of the Wardeoship or the Claims of the Warden, preferred Vol. 48.

at the Justice Seats held in loth Charles I. and 22d Fifteenth Report Charles II. in which the Perquisites of that Office are on Land Revenue.

minutely specified, nor have met with any former v ----- ----- ----- ---'

Mention of such a Claim, we have to request that if there be any Grant, Warrant, or other Authority, entitling the Warden to that Portion of Wood from the King's Woods, you will be pleased to inform us of it, that we may be enabled, in our Report to Parliament, to state from Authority that the Warden is entitled to the Allowance claimed.

The Woodward having informed us that the Annual Allowance of 50 s.each to the Master Keepers of Woodford, Laughton, and Lambourn Walks, in lieu of Livery Logs, was paid by him out of the Produce of the Too Loads of Wood cut for the Warden's Use to the Year 1789 inclusive, but has since been defrayed by the Sale of other Wood cut there, we request you will be pleased to inform us for what Reason, or under what Authority, that additional Quantity was cut from the King's Woods.

By your Letter of the 27th of October 1788, you informed us, " that you do not occupy any Messuages " or Lands belonging to the Crown in the said Forest,

" except the Prison House at Stratford Langthorne;

" and that there is a Messuage with some Lands " called Chapel Lodge, antiently used as a Lodge for " a Keeper, a Part of which Land was antiently " taken out of the Forest, and inclosed by Richard " Lord Viscount Castlemaine, afterwards Earl Tylney,

" and was by him occupied and enjoyed 60 Years ago,

" which Lodge and Lands have since descended to you,

" as Part of the said Earl's Estate."

From authentic Documents in our Possession, it appears that Chappel Henault Lodge was built at the Charge of the Crown in the Years 1609 and 1610, and we find that the Date of 1610 is still remaining over the Door of that Lodge, and that the same was repaired at the Charge of the Crown at various subsequent Periods, and particularly during the Life Time of Richard Lord Viscount Castlemaine; from all which Circumstances we conclude that there must be some Mistake in claiming that Lodge and Land as Part of his Estate. And we are farther informed that the said Lodge was occupied by a Keeper until a few Years ago, and was then first let by the Warden as a Farm, and that a Portion of 800 Faggots has since been Yearly allotted to the Tenant out of the Woods belonging to the Crown; but under what Authority we have not been able to discover. We therefore request that you will be pleased to inform us if any Grant or Lease from the Crown of the said Lodge and Lands was made to the said Lord Viscount Castlemaine, or any Licence,

Warrant, or other Authority granted for letting the said Lodge and Lands as a Tillage Farm, or assigning any Quantity of Wood from the King's Woods to the Tenant thereof.

The Lodge called Hog Hill House being mentioned in your Letter to be the Property of the Crown, we have farther to request that you will be pleased to inform us whether any Warrant or Licence was granted for pulling down Part of that Building a few Years ago, and disposing of the Materials for the Warden's Use. We are,

Sir,

Your most obedient humble Servants,

Cha' .

Jre Call.

Sir James Tylney Long, Bart. John Fordyce.

Warden of the Forest of Waltham.

Gentlemen,

In Answer to the several Enquiries contained in your Letter to me of the 10th Day of November 1791,

I am, in the First Place, to inform you, that my State of Health was then, and for a Long Time after, so very indifferent, that I was unfit to attend to Business

of

£8° Martii.

A. 1793.

Fifteenth Report t>n Land Revenue.

of any Kind (of which I caused Information to be given you) much less on that which is the Subject of your Letter, wherein I was in Hopes you had been satisfied from the Answers and Returns I had before

fiven to the several Questions you put to me, by your etters of the 9th of May 1787, the 17th July 1788, and the 6th May 1791. Add to which, the Intricacy and Perplexity of the Matter is such, that it is almost impracticable to give Answers to many of the Questions, more especially as the Offices I hold in Waltham Forest having but lately descended to me, I have not had such sufficient Knowledge and Experience therein as to be capable of making such Answers as may be expected: But being desirous to give you such Information as I can properly give, I have caused Enquiries to be made, First, as to the Wood sold by the late King's Woodward, in that Part of the Forest called;

and I find that it has been usual, for many Years past, for the Woodward, under the Direction of the Forest Court, to cut and sell a Portion of Wood for Forest Gates, and the Repairs thereof, and in Disbursements for Livery Logs, and in defraying Expences relative to the Forest, as has been heretofore usual; and that in general he accounted every Year for the Wood sold with the Warden's Steward, and paid the Balance in his Hands to him; and I am further to inform you, that it has been, for many Years past, usual for the Warden to retain such Balances, so paid by the Woodward into his Hands, to be applied in Discharge of the contingent Expences of the Forest in Law Suits, -Prosecutions of Deer Stealers, Misdemeanors in the Forest, and divers other Expences which continually occur, and for which the Crown make no Allowance that I know' of, and which, communibus Amis, as I believe, have far exceeded the Balances or Sums so received for Wood sold by the Woodward as above. As to the Payments to the Widows of Barking, I am informed that they respectively claim to have, in that Part of the Forest called Heynault, on Easter Monday Yearly, a Waggon Load of Wood, being Lops of Pollard Trees; that heretofore they used to have such Quantity of Wood in Bundles, or as much as they could carry; but it being represented at the Forest Courts, about Three or Four Years ago, that this Claim occasioned great Confusion and Disturbance in the Forest, and that the Loads taken were very great, and the Waggons have frequently broke down, the Matter was taken into Consideration by the Court, whether it would not be a Saving of the King's Woods >to offer a Sum of Money, to be paid Yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, in lieu of Wood; and the Woodward to reimburse himself in his Account out of the Lops of Pollards sold by trim; which was assented to by the Court. As I have been informed, most of such Persons have since taken Eight Shillings Yearly instead of a Load of Wood.

In regard to the Hundred Loads of Wood which I have Annually had out of that Part of the Forest called Heynault, I beg to refer to the Paper transmitted to you with my Letter of 9th May 1788; and in Explanation thereof I claim to have, as belonging and appertaining to the Forest Offices I hold within Waltham, all Waifes and Strayes within the Forest aforesaid; and all Wood called Deer-fallen Wood, or Browsing Wood, within the same Forest; and also all and every the Amerciaments arising or growing of and in all and every the Swainmotes, and other Courts called Wood Courts, within the same Forest, according to the Assize of the Forest, to be taken and retained to the Use of me and my Heirs (except the Amerciaments for Venison and Bodies of Oakes); and I further claim to have, by Reason of the said Offices, as unto the same appertaining and belonging, within the same Forest, of every Covert and Hedge Row to be sold, of every Shilling, One Penny; and of every Wood within the said Forest, bearing the Name of a Wood,

to be sold, the second best Oak; and also of the Buyer and of the Seller of every such Wood, One Bow and One Broad Arrow; and One Penny likewise of every Shilling of the Buyer and Seller of every such Wood, upon the Sale of any such Wood within the Forest aforesaid, the same Oak, and the same Bow and Broad Arrow to be received and had by the Hands of the Lieutenant of the said Forest for the Time being, and the said Penny of every Shilling coming by the Hands of the Forester for the Time being, in whatsoever Bailiwick the same Covert, Hedge Row, or Wood shall happen to be sold; and all other Profits and Commodities, with their and every of their Appurts, within the aforesaid Forest, belonging and appertaining to the aforesaid Offices now vested in me.

In your said Letter to me of the 10th of November 1791, it is stated, that the Woodward having informed you that the Annual Allowances of Fifty Shillings each to the Master Keepers of Woodford, and

Lambottrne Walks, in lieu of Livery Logs, was paid by him out of the Produce of the Hundred Loads of Wood cut for the Warden's Use, to the Year 1789 inclusive, but has since been defrayed by the Sale of other Wood cut there.

On Enquiry into this Matter, I am inclined to think there is a Mistake made by the late Woodward, in as much as Livery Logs are dead Pollard Trees, which the Master Keepers may take, if they think proper, or Fifty Shillings in lieu thereof; but the 100 Loads which I claim are made up out of the Lops of Pollards, a different Kind of Wood.

As to your further Enquiry respecting Chapel Heynault Lodge or Farm, and my Title thereto, I must beg Leave to refer you to my former Answer concerning it.

In Answer to your Question, Whether any Warrant or Licence was granted for pulling down Part of Hog Hill House, and disposing of the Materials for the Warden's Use, I am to inform you, that in or about the Year 1725, Richard Lord Viscount repre-

sented to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, That there was great Want of a Lodge in West Heynault Walk, which had been some Time without One, and that it would very much contribute to the Preservation of the Game in the said Forest; and Lord Castlemain having proposed to be at Half the Expence, which was estimated at 6001, a Lodge was ordered to be built, and, as I have heard, his Lordship paid his Moiety of the 600l.; but the said Sum being insufficient to perfect the Building, the same was not finished, and remained many Years, till it became in a very ruinous State.

That in or about the Year 1772, the late Earl Tyl-ney finding that it would require a great Sum of Money to perfect the Building according to the original Design, he caused some Part of the Building to be taken down and altered, so as to make it a convenient Lodge for a Keeper; and in doing so expended thereon, as I have great Reason to believe, Five or Six hundred Pounds of his own Money; and that, since the same has been finished, a Keeper, or Forest Officer, has lived in the House, and the Taxes, and Expences of keeping the same in Repair, were paid by the late Earl Tylney to the Time of his Death, and since his Decease I have paid and defrayed the same.

I do not know whether any Warrant or Licence was granted for pulling down Part of Hog Hill House, and disposing of the Materials for the Warden's Use; but there might have been such, though it has not come to my Knowledge; but I have heard that some old Bricks were taken from thence. I have the Honour to be.

Gentlemen,

Your most obedf and

Drayeot House,

7!) December 1792.

most humble Servant, Ja- Tylney Long.

c

o

r*

00

N°

FOREST of

g

cq‘

H*

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

o

cw

FT

a

Dr.

To MONIES expended in the Execution of Warrants for divers Works and Repairs within the said Forest, and other Charges relative thereto, and in the Payment of the Forest Officers, from the Year 1700 to 1786, inclusive;

Paid for Repairs of East Hanault, and other Lodges in the said £>' s- d.

Forest, pursuant to a Treasury Warrant, dated the 1 ith

1725 - 789 18 —

Paid to Thomas Salmon, in full, for building a' new Lodge in West Hanault Walk, pursuant to the said Warrant, the Sum of £. 600, One Moiety of which Sum was received by the Surveyor General, from the Right Honourable Lord Viscount towards building the said new Lodge

300

To the Value of the Timber and Wood granted in the Year 1731 to the said Lord Viscount Castlem as per Contra 1,000

Surveyor General's Allowance of 20 s. per Day, for his Service,

Attendance, and Riding Charges, in the execution of the said Warrants - - 109

Surveyor General's Poundage on Monies received, at \2d.per £. 89 19 —

Fees paid at the Treasury for Warrants and Entries, and to the Auditor for preparing and ingrossing the Accounts, and Allowance to the Surveyor General for his Charges in passing the same through the several Offices - - - 39 *5 —

Paid to the Warden of the said Forest out of the Exchequer, for the Salaries of the Forest Officers, at £. 270 per Annum, from the Year 1700 to 1786, the Sum of - 23,220

J- 25,548 12 —

JV A L T H A

C'.

By the PRODUCE of TIMBER felled in the said Forest, between the Years 1700

and 1786;

GO

GO

O

H

O-

By 1,245 Scrubbed Oak Trees felled in the said Forest, in pursuance of a Treasury Warrant, dated the 16th December 1721, and sold to the Right Honble. Lord Viscount Castlemain for the Sum of -

£. s.

605 .5 —

By 2,075 Dotard Oak Trees, felled there, in pursuance of a Warrant dated nth December 1725, sold to the said Lord Viscount Castlemain, for the Sum of ——

By the Value of Timber and Wood cut in making Two Ridings to the New Lodgein West Hanault W, and so much more as would make up the Sum of £. 1,000, granted in the Year 1731, to the said Lord Viscount Castlemain, without Account, in Consideration of the Expence mentioned to be incurred by him in the building of the said Lodge, as appears by the Warrant in this Appendix, N° 16 - - - -'....

1,194 ——

1,000 ——

K>

00

o

2,799 5 —

Expences incident to the Forest, exceeding the Monies received therefrom -

L

22,749 7 — 25,548 12 —

m

28p Martii.

A. 1703.

N* 21.

Fifteen* Report STATE of the Returns of Bucks and Does from His Majesty's Forest of Waltham,

on Land Revenue. from 1783 to 1792, both Years inclusive.

1r

11th March 1793.

Peter,

Clerk of the Venison Warrants.

N# 22.

To the Honourable the Commissioners for enquiring into the State of the Forests and Crown Lands, &c.

The MEMORIAL and REPRESENTATION of the several Persons whose Names are hereunder written, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands in the Parishes of Chigwell, Barking, and Waiodford, in the County of Essex, on behalf of themselves, and other such Owners or Occupiers of Lands adjoining to the Forqsts of Waltham Holy-Cross, and in the said

County of Essex.

YOUR Memorialists, understanding that the State of the said Forests are now under your Consideration, they beg Leave to represent to your Honours,

That the said Forest of Waltham Holy-Cross contains upwards of 12,000 Acres of Land, and the said Forest of Henhault considerably more than 6,000 Acres; and that several Thousand IJead of Deer run loose in such Forests.

That your Memorialists suffer in their Property, to full One Tenth Part of the Annual Rent or Value of their Lands, by such Deer.

And, particularly, they beg Leave to represent, that they are under the Necessity of making their Hedges and Fences extremely high and strong, which occasions them to he at a very considerable Annual Expence, and, notwithstanding such Precaution and Expence, they are incapable of keeping the Deer out of their Grounds and Inclosures; — that they frequently break through, or leap over, the same, and destroy, or materially injure, their growing Crops of every Kind; — that by Reason hereof Farmers are deterred from sowing such Crops upon their Lands, as would be most suitable and beneficial.

That your Memorialists, and others, are also Sufferers by being obliged to take their Cattle out of the said Forests during the Fence Month; and that such Deer do great Mischief to the Wood and Timber; by Reason whereof there is an Impossibility of raising any young Timber, whilst the Deer remain at large in the said Forests.

And your Memorialists further represent, That the County in general is greatly injured by the Encouragement and Opportunity given to the lower Class of People to be idle, and to thieve, many of them living 9 chiefly

28° Ma,

33 Geo. III.

chiefly by stealing Deer and Wood, and their Families are thrown on the Parish if tfiey happen to be detected, Fifteehth Report and imprisoned, or transported for such Offences. f" Lapa ftevenut;

Your Memorialists, therefore, humbly submit these their Representations, to your Consideration, and request your Honours to recommend to the Legislature the Disafforestation, and Inclosure, of such Forests; but if the general Inclosure of the same should hot be approved of, then that the Deer may be removed out of the said Forests, or confined within One or more Parks, to be made for that Purpose: In Return for which they are willing and desirous that a reasonable Proportion of the Waste Lands may be inclosed, as a Compensation for the Rights which may be given up, or extinguished, in consequence of such Disafforestation.

Edwd Hughes George Ingleton W" Harley Rich4 Gray

Wn Hornby Thomas Priest

Peter Tho* Burford Rd Rogere James Tuck

John Vickery James Palmer Edward Wood

Marg* Phillipps Thomas Willcock James Davidson

Joseph Horsley Simon Golding Francis Webber

James Cob John Miller James Gilbert

Tho* Freak, William Porter George Fitch

James Druce, Jun' Stephen Hunt W" Brooker

Thomas Barnett Cotton Richard Fuller John Clements

Peter Woodward Daniel Miller Owen Owens

Nic* Pearse James Clarke Tho* Dowson

Arthur Cayley Elizabeth Shepheard Tho* Bown

John Price Rob* Taylor Edwd Bird

W" Hopkins Sain1 Seckham K. Oldaker

Mary Hodgson John Shepherd Tho* Newland

J. Jenour John Oliver Tho* Darley

Sam1 Justice James Willis T. Burnet

W" Pooley John Ingleton Jane Seggears oo

Sam1 Gardiner Will0* Austin Nich* Meredith

John Chaplin Edwd Hill Will" Spicer

Henry Nottage Benj* Green Edwd Brooks

Ricd Purkys J. Mosansa W" Turner

Josias Turges Abram Millbank James Watson

Tho* Flower John Bickerstaff Tho* Tuck

John Selby Henry Young Geo. Wilson.

John Ward Arthur Brown William Williamson

Edward Ellis Webb ' John Meredith John Horner

Tho* Nicholls C. Werwall S. D. Liptrap

John Clark J* Sharpe W" Harvey

Jonah Dixon Daniel Gingell John Hinchcliff

Rice Prichet Allen Harrison

Tho* Linsell John Fullam

Note. — The said Commissioners have also received a similar Memorial and Representation of Owners

or Occupiers of signed by Lands in the Parishes of Lamborne, Stapleford and Havering,

Edwd Lockwood

John Dockrill

Wm Bailes

Joseph Babbs

Robrt Young, his Mark X.

Fran* French

William Fitch

Simon Collop

Henry Shuttleworth

James Browne

Thomas Wilkes

James Wrenn

Mark Taylor Philip Taylor Rich4 Rudd

John King, his Mark X.

Willm Answorth, his Mark X.

Mary Hudson

Richard Stokes

Tho* Excell, T

David Richardson

John Holcroft

Thomas Watson

James Palmer, his Mark X.

John Mott, his Mark X. Thomas Woodfine, his Mark X. George Master man Mary Hickinbotham John Keen-Joseph Chinery John Barker Daniel Stevens W" Collyer

Thomas Crawly, his Mark X.

And also, a similar Memorial and Representation of Owners or Occupiers of Lands in the Parishes of Walthamstow, Chinkford, and Waltham Abbey, signed by

Tho* Goldthwait, Jun' Wm Dyer

Arthur Read Richd Phillipps

Mary Childs Joseph Shears

Thomas Dorkens Wm Whiskard

William Hasler Tho* Gagen

Daniel Owens Cha* Richardson

Stephen Boultan C. Sekwiers

Vol. 48.

Jo" Boasgrave Joshua Peppercorn, Sen*

Joshua Peppercorn, Jun*

Jeremiah Radbey Edw4 Tyler Josh Atkinson John Briant

John

552

28' Martii.

A. 1793.

Fifteenth Report n Land Revenue.

John Preston Rob* Thompson John Dyer Tho* Tonks

Thomas Trapps Thomas Cain Tho* Flack J. Jefferson

J. Utterton Abram Tuck Samuel Baker

And also, a similar Memorial and Representation of Owners or Occupiers of Lands in the Parishes of Lawten, Epping, and Theydon-Bois, signed by

his

D. Giles Tho* Burnell John -f Barten Mark

W. Lovat John Mott Rich4 Harris

David Thompson Dan1 Flower Josiah Whitbread

R4 Gowen W. Matthew, Junior SamJ Maynard his William X Ham tan Mark

E. Griffin Benj" Lee

Will" Matthew, Sen' Geo. King Henry White

George Ashpittell his W"+ Askue Mark John Arewater. Tho* Miller

R. Rayner Sam1 Martin

Thomas Searl John Mckee Joseph Dorrington

W" Barber John Wood Benj" Palmer his W" + Doller Mark his

Benj11 Fincham John Ingham

Joseph Doubleday Thomas Lowler W" 4- + Curtins Marie

John Green Tho* Lincoln Ch* Stuart

Tho* Rankin Joh. Clarke E. Powell

Jospk Gilpin Nathaniell Wood Edw4 Collop

Nymp* Stace Jacob Barnes Phillip + Brown's 1

Jas. Haslam Will" Oxley Tho* Whittings

John Chesher Eliz,h Nicholls Jane Shard

Will" Redgrave John Archer W" Todd

Will" Gray Tho* Surridge - W" Welsh Joseph Pink Emanuel Spencer

N° 23.

STATE of the TIMBER in WALTHAM FOREST.

Oak. Different Denominations. Number of T rees. Squafe Measure.

Loads. Feet.

Fit to be cut for the Use of the! Navy - - -J May become fit for the Use! of the Navy - - -J / . Trees, Girt Measure -Growing - Scrubbed, unthrifty, j and shaken - -/ Ditto - \ 30 Feet and upwards 10 Feet to 30 30 Feet and upwards 10 Feet to 30 Total Oak 2,760 7,825 240 230 3,736 3,515 304 136 38 46 30 36

11,055 7,694 —

Elm 1 Foot and upwards 228 94 21

Ash 1 Foot and upwards 533 6l 5

Abeal 8 1 11

J. Pitt, Surveyor Gen1 of His Majesty's Woods and Forests.

Land Revenue Office, Scotland , March 28th 1793.

Cha' Middleton,

Jrf Call, John Fordy

To

33 Geo. III. Atavtiii

t

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Thirty Years Purchase; aifd by.that Advance alone, Sixteenth Report Burgesses, in Parliament assembled. on the Prices specified in the Act, a very considerable on L*nd Revenue.

Sum has been acquired to the Public.

The Sixteenth Report of the Commissioners ap- But this was not the only Particular relative to the pointed to enquire into the State and Condi- Sale of Rents in which we deemed it inexpedient to tion of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues exercise, to the full Extent, the Powers which the Act of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm seemed to give us.

and other Unimproveable Rents. . Among the Rents in Charge before the several

Auditors, and comprized in their Returns of Dry,

We gave, in our Second Report, a General Account Fixed, and Unimproveable Rents, as saleable under of the State, Management, and Produce of that Part the Act, there were some distinguished by the Nam© of the Land Revenue of the Crown which, under the of Collection Rents.

Description of Dry, Fixed, and Unimproveable Rents, These we found were Rents arising within particular «6 Geo. III. we were empowered to sell, by the Act of the 26th of Districts, collected by Reeves, Bailiffs, PrepOsitors, or

C. 87* His Majesty's Reign. We annexed to that Report other local Collectors, and by them paid, in Gross

Three Schedules, containing the Particulars of those Sums, to the Receivers General; from which Circuin-Rents, according to the Accounts furnished to us by stance the Appellation of Collection Rents was probably the Officers of the Pipe, the Sheriffs, and the Auditors derived.

of the Land Revenue. We stated also the Arrears Not having received from the Auditors any other due upon them; and explained the Difficulties we Information concerning those Rents than a State of had met with, in our Endeavours to distinguish the the Gross Amount of each Collection, we issued our

illeviable Rents, from those which we apprehend Precepts to the respective Collectors, requiring the m

might, by proper Attention, be recovered. . to furnish us with the Particulars of the Rents which

The First of those Schedules contained an Abstract composed those Sums, together with the Names of the of the Viscontiel Rents and Seizures, sent out, Annu- Tenants, the Descriptions of the Estates, the Nature ally, in Process from the Pipe, to be levied by the of the Tenure, and the Causes of the Arrears, where respective Sheriffs. ‘ any were due.

The Second Schedule contained the Fee Farm and Those Collectors are, for the most Part, chosen other Unimproveable Rents, in Charge before the Annually, by the Tenants in each District, from Auditor of the Principality of Wales and County of among themselves, and commonly in Rotation. It Monmouth, was not without Difficulty, in many Instances, that

And the Third containing the Rents of the -same the actual Collectors, at the Time of our Enquiry,

Description within the Divisions of the other Two could be found. In other Instances, repeated Appli-Auditors of the Land Revenue; One of which com- cations, and new Precepts, were necessary, before we prizes the Four Counties of Chester, Darby, Lincoln, could obtain the Information we desired; and to some and Nottingham, and the other all the rest of the of our Precepts no Answer whatever has been return-Counties in Englandexcept Monmouth. ed. The Rentals of those Districts from which we /

Those Rents we were empowered to sell at the fol- obtained Returns of the Particulars we required, are

lowing Rates; viz. in our Possession; and will be delivered to whatever

Rents of 10 s. per Annum, and upwards, at Twenty- Officers shall hereafter be entrusted with the Manage-four Years Purchase of the Net Amount, after ment or Sale of this Part of the Property of the deducting Land Tax; Crown; but are too voluminous to be given with

Rents of 5$. to 105. per Annum, at Twenty-two this Report.

Years Purchase: From the Answers we have received, it appears that

And Rents of 1 s. and under 5 s. per Annum, at the Sums which are stated as Collection Rents, in the Twenty Years Purchase. r Rentals furnished to us by the Auditors, are not the

Though die Amount of the Rents, in all the Three same, in Amount, with the Rents actually paid by the

Schedules, was no more than £. 12,631. 13 s.to id.Tenants, of which the"Auditors have, in most In-they consisted separately, of such small Sums, that stances, no Knowledge or Information; but they are there were not less than Twenty thousand Rents in qaid to be the Gross Amount of each particular Dis-the Whole. A great Number of them were payable trict, as they stood at the Restoration, and have been Half-Yearly; and we found that different Fees, from ever since, according to the Practice of Office, given *\d.to 1 s. 4 d.each, were charged, by the Receivers, out in Charge to the Receivers, without Variation, for the Acquittance on every Payment; and that, and without any Enquiry as to the particular Rents, besides this Charge, the Auditor had, in Wales, a Fee the Persons liable for the Payment of diem, or the

of 2 s. 4 d. on every Rent exceeding 20 s.; that the Lands out of which they issued.

Persons owing such Rents must pay them at the Places This total Want of Information on the Part of the / of holding the Audits, however distant from their Officers of the Crown, concerning the Estates, the

own Residence, or the Estates for which they were Occupiers, or the Sums actually collected, has been

due; and that, if the Rents were allowed to fall in attended with the Consequence naturally to be ex-

Arrear, the Parties were liable to Exchequer Process pected from it. Many of the Rents have been suffer-for the Recovery: And Examples have come within ed to fall into Arrear; Tenants have been changed; our Knowledge, where the Sum charged, by a Re- Estates lessened, or increased, by Sales or Purchases; ceiver, for the Expence of recovering an Arrear, has the Arrears lost; and the Premisses from which the been equal to Five'Times the Value of the Fee Simple Rents issued have become difficult to be discovered; of the Rent. and as in such Confusion the Interest of the Crown

These Circumstances led us to suppose that it must generally suffers, it has happened, in some Instances, be a very desirable Object to any Proprietor to exone- that where more is collected from the Tenants than rate his Estate from those small and troublesome Pay- the Gross Sum answered by the Receivers, that Gross ments; and though we were authorized to sell at the Rent is represented to be a Chief Rent, payable by Rates we have mentioned, yet the Act not being im- the Manor, and that the Crown is entitled to no perative on us to accept of those Prices, but requiring more; and, on the other Hand, where so many of the that, we should sell for the best Price we could obtain, particular Rents have been lost Sight of, that the not being less than those Rates, we thought it our Amount of what are collected is less than the Gross Duty not to sell any Rents to the Owners of the Rent, the Sum received is all that is accounted for to Estates out of which they were payable, for less than the Crown.

Vol. 48. 7 B The

554 28° MartA. 1793.

Sixteenth Report The Arrears had been increasing, for a long. Time on Land Revenue, previous to our Appointment, and for several Years, so

v----1 J rapidly, in some of the Counties in that there

seemed to be Danger that the greater Part of the Rents would be totally lost. The Collection Rents, consisting of the Quit Rents, or Chief Rents, of Twenty-five Manors, Lordships, and Hundreds in Denbighshire, late in the Receipt of Mr. Edward Jones, amounted- to £ 1,0,58. 6s. 6 % d. per An On these there was an Arrear due, at the Death of his late Majesty, of £2,850. J2J. 8 d.;and on the 10th of October 1786 that Arrear had augmented to no less than £11,990. 25. 6f d. On the Collection Rents in Six Manors, Lordships, or Hundreds, in Merionethshire, amounting to £ 1 to- per Annum, in the Receipt of the same Collector, there was no Arrear due at the Death of the late King; but, on the 10th of 1786, an Arrear had accumulated to the Amount of £851. 175. 11 id.

The Rentals of these Collections we found had been delivered to Mr. Jones, by the Representatives of a former Collector; but neither the Auditor, nor the Receiver General, had any Copies of them, or other Accounts of the Rents, than the Gross Sums due from each Manor, or District, inserted in the General Rental of North The Preservation

of this Part of the Revenue seemed, therefore, to depend on very precarious Circumstances.

_ We issued our Precept to the Collector, requiring

him to send the Rentals to us, and to state to what Time each Rent had been paid; but. Mr. Jones dying before he had returned an Answer to our Precept, the Rentals and Accounts fell into the Hands of a private Person, who refused to part with them; and it was not without much Difficulty, and some Expence, that they were at length obtained by the Receiver General, and delivered into our Possession. The Rents in those Districts are so numerous as to fill Three large Volumes. The original Books of the late Collector are in our Hands, and Copies of them have been made, and deposited with the Auditor, and the Receiver General.

Without those Rentals, it would have been impossible to ascertain the particular Rents due to the Crown, or by what Persons they were payable; and a great Part of the Arrears, and even the Kents themselves, would certainly have been lost. We think it incumbent on us to mention, that in the difficult Business of recovering those Rentals, we received the most material Aid from John Griffith, Esquire, the present Receiver General of North Wales; and that he has exerted himself, with considerable Success, in his Endeavours to prevent the Loss which was to be apprehended from the Errors and Neglect of the late Collector. Since the Year 1789, when the Rentals were put into his Hands, more than £ 2,000 of those Arrears have been recovered; and many of the Rents which were before neglected have been brought into a, Course of regular Payment

There is another Particular in which the Practice of paying Gross Sums out of the Collection Rents, instead of accounting for the particular Rents, brings a Loss upon the Crown: By the Land Tax Act, that Tax is directed to be allowed only on Rents of 105. or more; and there are few of the Collection Rents so high as to bfe entitled to that Allowance; but the Auditor, on the Payment of the Gross Sum, allows Land Tax on the Whole. This is, in some Instances, Baid to be allowed as a Recompence to the Reeves, or Bailiffs, for the Trouble of collecting. We apprehend, however, that this Allowance is improperly made. Prior to the Assessment of Land Tax, the Tenants were obliged to answer the full Sums at the Audit; but, by this Allowance, die Land Tax, which was certainly intended to be a Supply to Government, is converted into an Expence.

The Rents which we have described are Quit Rants, or. Chief Rents, of Manors, Lordships, or Hundreds, still belonging to the Crown; some of which are granted by Lease, with an Exception of the Quit Rents; of others the Stewardships, with Powers of holding the Courts, are granted by Patent for Terms of Years, or during Pleasure, and the Quit Rents are payable to the Crown; of others the Fines and Profits of the Courts are granted to One Person, the Office of Steward to another, and the Quit Rents continue payable to the Crown; and in many more Instances the Manors are neither granted by Lease, nor Stewards appointed, or Courts held, or other Manerial Rights exercised for the Crown, except the Collection of the Quit Rents; and in most of these Cases (but particularly the latter) the Payment of the Quit Rent seems to be the chief Evidence of the Existence of a Manor, and the principal, if not the only, Occasion of its being kept in Charge.

In some of the Manors so circumstanced the Quit Rents, or a Part of them, are payable for Freehold, as well as Copyhold or Customary, Estates, for which Fines, Heriots, and other customary Payments are due, on Alienation, or Descent. Some of them contain extensive Wastes and Commons, the Soil of which, and the Timber, are the Property of the Lord, as well as the Mines, Minerals, or Quarries under those Wastes, together with the Privilege of sporting, and various other Rights appertaining to Manors, and which, in all such Instances, belong to the Crown.

Some few of the Manors alluded to are situated in the English Counties, but the greater Number erf them are in the Principality of Wales.

The Collection Rents hitherto mentioned are in Charge with the Receivers General of the respective Divisions, and are very numerous in almost every County in Wales; but there is One Rent in Flintshire, called the Tunc Rent, in Charge with the Sheriff, and noticed in our Second Report to be peculiar to that County, being the only Rent in Wales in the Collection of a Sheriff. The Annual Amount of that Rent is £ 80. 125. 2d.It is given in Charge to the Sheriff as One Rent, but consists of many very small Sums, payable by different Persons; and should be collected by the Sheriff's Bailiffs in the different Hundreds of that County, which are Five, namely, Mold, Prestatyn, Meylor, Ruth land, and Coleshill. The Sheriffs in Wales are accountable before the Auditor, at the Annual Audit, differently from the Sheriffs in England, who account in the Exchequer; and this Rent was regularly paid by the Sheriffs of Flintshire until the Year 1766, when only a Part of it was paid, the Sheriff al-ledging that his Bailiffs could not collect more, not knowing the Lands or Tenants chargeable therewith.

In the following Year a less Sum was paid, under the same Pretence; and from that Time, the Payment to the Crown has been entirely suppressed, although the Deputy Auditor has stated that the Under Sheriff, in 1767 or 1768, declared he could collect the Whole, if he was so disposed; and that some of the Bailiffs have gone about, and collected Part of the Rents, without Authority from the Sheriff, and without rendering any Account of what they collected.

This Rent has been uniformly given in Charge in One Sum, as far back as it can be traced in any Record in the Auditor's Office. There were not in that Office any Rentals or Accounts of the particular Sums of which it was composed; but the Sheriff's Bailiffs were possessed of Rentals by which they collected it.

The Rentals for Part of the Collection, to the Amount of £62. 15. ad. per Annum, being for the Hundreds of Prestatyn, Coleshill, and Ruthland, have since been obtained, and are now in the Auditor's Office; but those for May lor and Mold are withheld. We shall annex to this Report a Paper drawn up by the Deputy Appendi: Auditor, stating various Circumstances relative to the N* 1.

12 Suppression

Suppression of this Rent, and the Endeavours used by him for reviving it. No effectual Measures, however, have yet been adopted for re-establishing the Payment of any Part of this Collection.

We have judged it necessary to give this general Description of the Rents called Collection Rents, and of the Mode of accounting for them to the Crown, that our Reasons for suspending the Sale of them may be the better understood

In the Acts of 22d and 23d Charles II, for the Sale of Fee Farm, and other Dry and Unimproveable Rents, Quit Rents and Copyhold Rents, standing in Charge as Parcel of or belonging to any Manor, or reputed Manor, were particularly excepted. Those 46 Geo. III. Acts are referred to in that of the 26th of His present 87‘ Majesty; but instead of the Exception of such Rents from Sale, as in the Act of Charles II, Rents are expressly mentioned in the Description of the Rents which we were authorized to sell.

19 Geo. III. On reference to an Act of the 19th of the present Cap. 45. Reign, for Sale of Fee Farm and other Rents, and the Enfranchisement of Copyhold and Customary Tenements in the Dutchy of Lancaster, we found that there also Authority was given for the Sale of Quit Rents issuing from Manors. No Question, therefore, could remain as to the Intention of the Act in this Particular: But we had not proceeded far in the Sale before we came, on more full Information, to doubt of our Power to sell Rents of that Description; and, whether those Doubts were well founded or not, to be folly convinced of the Inexpediency of selling such Rents. We resolved, therefore, to suspend the Sale of them; and stated our Reasons for doing so in a Letter to the Lords of the Treasury, in which, after explaining the Nature of those Rents, and the State in which we found them, we acquainted their Lordships, May 117, " That though the Description of Rents authorized

1789. *« to be sold was so comprehensive as to admit of no

44 Doubt of the Power of selling any Dry, Fixed, and " Unimproveable Rents, yet as the Act had not authorized us to make Sale of any Manors, or Manerial Rights, or to enfranchise Estates held of Manors, it seemed doubtful whether we were legally impowered to alienate any Quit Rents, Parcel of a Manor, " upon which any Manerial Right might depend, or by the Sale of which any such Right might be de- stroyed or weakened; being of Opinion that if it " should be judged adviseable to retain the Manors " so circumstanced, annexed to the Crown, it might " also be expedient to keep the Quit Rents united with them; and that, on the other Hand, if it should be thought proper to alienate the Manors themselves, with all the Manerial Rights, they would be " much more desirable to a Purchaser, and might be 4‘ disposed of to greater Advantage for the Public, 44 with the Rents annexed to them."

Besides the Rents described in our Letter to the Treasury, w'e have also judged it expedient to decline selling any Fee Farm Rents reserved for Estates, held under Grants, containing any Limitation or Remainder to the Crown, being of Opinion that the Payment of the Rent tends to keep in View the Condition, or Event, on which the Estate itself may revert to the Crown.

In consequence of this Caution in our Proceedings, a much less Sum has been produced than might have arisen by the Sale of Rents; and there is the Appearance of less having been done in this Branch of our Duty, than might nave been accomplished under our Commission.

But, in Matters so little understood as those committed to our Enquiry were, at the Time of passing the Act by which we were appointed, it could not be expected that every Danger or Inconvenience which might arise from the full Exercise of the Powers vested Vol. 48.

in us, would be foreseen: And we thought that acting Sixteenth Report in the execution of our Trust in the same Manner as 0° La»<jRev<;o»»e. we would have acted if the Subject under our Conri'. deration had been our own Property, and giving that Advice which, under similar Circumstances, we would, have followed, in the Management of our own Affairs,

we should at least not merit Disapprobation; and by those Rules we have been, guided

But other Circumstances have occurred, by which the Sale of Rents has been prevented from becoming so extensive as it might have been, or as we had Reason to expect.

Having found that, notwithstanding the utmost Pains to give general Information of the Sale, by frequent Advertisements in the London and Country Newspapers, by Hand Bills repeatedly circulated among the Tenants at the Annual Audits, and Letters and Notices sent by the Receivers to the Parties liable to such Payments, the Sale of the particular Rents, at Thirty Years Purchase, went on slowly, we determined to sell the Rents of whole Counties or Districts collectively, at Twenty-six Years Purchase, excepting from Sale those only of the Nature we have before described; and continuing at the same Time, the Sale of particular Rents, to the Payers of them, at Thirty Years Purchase.

Our Intention to sell the Rents of whole Counties at that Price, was mentioned in a Report which we made to the House of Lords, on the 16th of April 1790, in Obedience to an Order of that House of the 1st of the same Month, in which we stated the Progress we had then made in the Sale, by which we had been enabled to Purchase £. 72,000 Capital Stock in the Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities; and mentioned also that we were in Treaty for such farther Sales as we expected would enable us, in the Course of a few Weeks, to purchase £. 70,000 more of the same Capital Stock.

In treating for the Sale of those Rents, collectively, we found that considerable Obstruction was occasioned by the Great Arrears which had arisen on many of them.

By the Act by which we were appointed we were empowered to accept of pecuniary Composition for Arrears, from those Persons only, who should become Purchasers of Rents issuing from their own Estates.

The giving Power to sell the Arrears, or compound for them with any other Purchaser, was deemed objectionable, because great Claims for Arrears might have been sold for trifling Sums, and great Expence-and Disquiet might have been occasioned to those liable to the Payment of such Arrears, without bringing any considerable Advantage to the Crown from the Sale.

A Clause was therefore inserted in the Act passed in the 30th Year of His Majesty's Reign (for prolonging 30 Geo. I1L the Term of our Commission) by which it was pro- C. 50. vided that the Sale of any Rent or Rents in Arrear should not prejudice or affect the Right of the Crown to the Arrears due prior to the Sale.

But, unfortunately, a considerable Delay having taken Place in the passing of that Act, and the Price of Stocks having fallen very much during that Time, in consequence of a Difference with Spain, several of the Persons who had agreed to buy the Rents of whole Counties withdrew their Offers, and the Opportunity of selling a very considerable Part of those trifling Rents was lost. We have since, however, sold the Whole of the Fee Farm Rents in the Counties of Kent,

Southampton, Wilts, Somerset, Stafford, Warwick, Durham, and Norfolk, at Twenty-six Years Purchase; and many Hundred Rents to the Owners of Estates out of which they were payable, in all the other Counties, at Thirty Years Purchase; but in consequence of the Increase in the Price of the Public Funds during the last Year, we declined any farther Sale of Rents at

Twenty-

A. 1793.

556 28° Martii.

Sixteenth Report Twenty-six Years Purchase; and the' Power to sell and Wales, deemed saleable at the Commencement of

" 811 having ended with the last Session of Parliament, the our Commission, and of Viscontiel Rents answered by

Sale was, of course, then finally closed. the Sheriffs, the Particulars of which were given in

The Amount of the Rents in the Collection of the the Schedules annexed to our Second Report, was as

Receivers General of the several Counties in England follows;

Rents collected by Receivers in England - - - 5,462 1 5 i

D° in Wales - - -' - - - - 6,342 1 2 i

Viscontiel Rents answered by the Sheriffs - -. 827 11 1 i

Together £.12,631 13 to *

Appendix, The Accounts in the Appendix shew the Amount Money arising from the Sale. We shall here state the N* 2,3,4,5* of the Rents sold in each County, the Land Tax al- Totals of each, referring to those Accounts for more lowed on them, the Net Receipt, and the Purchase particular Information.

Amount sold. Land Tax allowed. Net Annual Amount. Purchase Money,

Rents in the Collection of £. s, d. £. s. d. £. s. J. £. s. d.

Receivers in England - 2,545 3 io| 432 9 8 2,112 14 2 59,547 8 9

Wales - 753 — 140 14 4 612 5 9 18,371 16 —

Viscontiel Rents 107 19 5 15 12 — 92 7 5i 2,736 10 —

£ 3.406 3 3i 588 16 — 2,817 7 5 5 80,655 14 9

The Amount of Capital Stock of Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, purchased with that Sum, is £.105,769. 18$. 3d. the Annual Dividends on which are £.3,173. is. 11 The Net Amount of Rents sold being £-2,817. 7 5 §-/. there is a

dear Gain to the Public of £.355. 14 sd. per Annum.

The whole Amount of the Rents, at the Commencement of our Commission, having been, as stated above, £.12,631. 135. 10 dper , deducting what have been sold, there remains still in the Possession of the Crown £.9,225. 1 os. 3d. per Annum. If these shall be disposed of, and the Price invested in the Funds, on similar Terms, the Gain to the Crown will exceed £. 1,300 per Annum, besides the Saving of Expence in the Collection, and the Advantage of a certain and regular Half-yearly Payment of the Dividends; whereas the Rents are irregularly paid, and in Danger of being lost.

Having now laid before the Legislature an Account of our Proceedings in the execution of this Branch of our Duty; having shewn what Portion of the Rents has been sold, and what Sum of the Public Funds has been purchased with the Price; we proceed, in Obedience to the Act by which we were appointed, to suggest what, in our humble Opinion, should be done with those which remain undisposed of.

In giving this Opinion, we shall, for the Sake of Perspicuity, consider, separately, the Rents in the Three Schedules referred to in the former Part of this Report.

The First Schedule contains a Statement of the Viscontiel Rents under the Collection of the Sheriffs. The'different Columns in that Statement shew the particular Rents given in Charge to the Sheriff of each County, what Part of those Rents is actually received by the Sheriff, and what is answered by him, though not received.

.According to the Mode of accounting which has prevailed for a great Length of Time, each Sheriff is charged with the exact Amount of the Rents answered by the preceding Sheriff, unless any of them have ceased to be due, and have been regularly discharged;

and with such new or additional Rents as may have subsequently accrued: And the Sum with which the Sheriff' is charged being accounted for,' no Enquiry is made whether he has himself received the Rents or not. *

' It would, at First Sight, seem to be an effectual Way of making an Officer attentive in the Collection of the Rents, to oblige him to pay, out of his own Pocket, what he fails to collect; but, on more attentive Consideration, Objections to it occur; and it is really found, by Experience, to be attended with bad Effects.

The Sheriff holding his Office but for one Year, there is obviously a Danger that he will choose rather to submit to some Loss than be at much Pains to collect trifling Rents, or incur Unpopularity by enforcing the Payment of Arrears, in case of any Difficulty; or by tracing out and ascertaining Rents which have not been demanded by former Sheriffs.

It accordingly appears, that, at present, there are Rents to the Amount of £.252. 14$. od. annually answered by the Sheriffs, which they do not receive; and it will now be found extremely difficult to discover the Lands or Tenements from which those Rents issued.

From the same Causes similar Consequences ensued in former Times; and Remedies were, on different Occasions, provided for the Relief of the Sheriffs.

During the Usurpation of Cromwell, an Order was made in the Court of Exchequer, dated 6th July 1650, touching the Sheriffs Fermes and Viscontiels; which Lord Hale observes has set a Rule in this Business, which was observed to the time he wrote. According to this Order, of which we annex a Copy, taken Appendix, from Lord Hale's Treatise on Sheriffs Accounts (the &-Original not being found in the Records of the Court) the Clerks of the Pipe were directed fully to explain, and set forth, in the subsequent Annual Roll of that Court, the Particulars, from antient Records, which from that Time were " to be written to the Sheriffs,

(< to levy in certain; and such as could not be explained, by setting forth the Particulars, and which " were become illcviable, were directed to be re-

moved, and conveyed out of the Annual Roll, and

" Sheriffs

i4Cha.

up. 21.

" Sheriffs Accounts, into the Ex-annual Roll of that " Court."

This Order was confirmed by Act of Parliament of the 13th and; 4th Charles II. by which it was Enacted, " That no Sheriff shall be charged in Account, " to answer any illeviable Seizure, Ferme, Rent, or " Debt," nor any " where the Persons of whom, or " the Lands and Tenements out of which they are to " be levied, are not plainly and particularly expressed, " but shall be wholly discharged, without Petition, Plea, " or other Trouble whatsoever."

Before offering our own Opinion concerning the Rents in this Class, we shall add what is said by Lord Hale on this Subject: " Small Rents, and Viscontiels," he observes, " would he, with much more Advantage to the King, sold off to the several Persons " and Townships chargeable therewith, than be kept " in Method of Collection, as now they are; unless " some more ready collecting of them by the Receivers " could be thought upon; provided the Money arising " by Sale be laid out presently, in more certain Revenue: For, 1st, They are, in respect of their " Smallness, and Dispersedness, and Uncertainty of " Charge, and Manner of collecting, very subject to " be lost, as they have been, commonly, from Time " to Time: 2dly, The Charge of collecting and " accounting for them by the Sheriff is very great, " and the Trouble and Charge to the People very " much more: 3dly, The Cost and Trouble to the " King, in respect of Officers, Writing, and other " Matters relating the reunto, might be well re-‘‘ trenched thereby; and yet, when all is done, it " brings a great Trouble, and makes a great Noise, " as if it were a Revenue of great Moment; and " yet, by that Time the Sheriffs have done swearing " off Particulars, as illeviable, or that they know not " where to charge it, it becomes a very pitiful incon-u siderable Business, and scarce answering the Charge " of the collecting, accounting, and answering it. " For it must be observed that although, by the " Order of 1650, the Charge is more certain than " formerly, yet the Sheriff hath still by the Law the " Benefit of the Statute of 2d and 3d VI. even

" as to those ascertained Rents; and if he cannot find " them, he is, and ought to be, discharged upon his " Oath thereof; and accordingly is Daily discharged " of many of those Rents, though rendered much more " certain by that Order, and the Pains and Method of " the Charge and Account used in pursuance thereof; " whereby, in Process of Time, many, even of these " Rents particularly charged by virtue of that Order, " will be successively lost."

Confirmed in our Opinion by so respectable an Authority, we recommend that to prevent future Loss to be apprehended from the same Causes, such of the Viscontiel Rents as form Part of the permanent Revenue of the Crown should be taken out of the Charge of the Sheriffs, and put under the Collection of the same Officers who shall be entrusted with the Receipt of thfe Rents of the other Part of the Land Revenue; and that those which are Dry and Unim-proveable Rents should be sold, and. the Price invested in the Public Funds, as that of the Rents already sold has been, until an advantageous Opportunity shall occur of laying it out in the Purchase of Freehold Land, if that shall be deemed adviseable ,* and the Rents or Dividends should be applied to the same Purposes to which the Rents were applicable before the Sale.

The Rents or Profits arising from Seizures cannot be considered as the absolute Property of the Crown* until it becomes certain that the Debt for which they were seized is not to be paid; and must, we apprehend, remain with the Sheriff while that is in Suspense. '

Vo 48.

The Second Schedule contains, as before mentioned, Sixteenth Report the Fee Farm and'otherUnimproveable Rents in Land Revenue,

and Monmouth. v '

We have stated, in the preceding Part of this Report, the Reasons which induced us to suspend the Sale of such of those Rents as we found to be Collection or Quit Rents, appertaining to Manors.

The Waste Lands in the Principality of , in which the Crown has an Interest, are known to be very extensive, though the Extent has not been ascertained.

The Alarms which have been excited by Attempts hastily to ascertain them are well known.

The Commission to Mr. Probert, in 1779, however improbable it is that any Injury to private Rights was intended, was certainly expressed in Terms liable to Objection, and which account for the Opposition it met with. The Proceedings of Government on that Occasion, were, in our humble Apprehension, the very Reverse of what they ought to have been. Instead of recalling that Commission, and altering those ambiguous Expressions which had the Appearance of giving too extensive Inquisitorial Powers, and seemed to threaten Disturbance to private Rights, and to be the Fore-runner of much Litigation, the whole Measure was dropt; and Ministers.desisted even from the Steps necessary for the Protection of the undoubted Rights of the Crown; and, by that timid or unsteady Conduct, rendered every future Attempt to ascertain them more difficult and disagreeable.

The Mines in those Wastes may be very valuable; and where the Soil is improveable, it is a desirable Object to the Public that it should be improved, however small the Share which might be allotted to the Crown on a Division; and all Doubt about the Rights, and all Danger of any Dispute between the Crown and Individuals, should be removed, as soon as that can be done in a legal and constitutional Manner.

Having these Objects in View, we have recom- Twelfth mended that Leases should be granted of the Mines KeP0,t-belonging to the Crown, on similar Terms with those in private Estates under good Management; and that, in order to admit of the greater Number of Trials, and increase the Chance of the Discovery of valuable Veins of Ore, as well as to encourage Competition, no great Extent of Mineral Ground should be granted to any One Person or Company.

We humbly recommend, also, that Leases should be granted of the Manors, or Manorial Rights, circumstanced as we have described; and that the Leases shojuld not exceed Twenty Years, and be determinable in case the Crown shall sell the Manorial Rights within that Time. By Means of those Leases the Rights will be ascertained and preserved: Time will be obtained to enquire into the Value of the Wastes; and if a Sale of the Rights of the Crown, in any Instance, shall be determined on, the Clause for vacating the Lease on a Sale, will open a Door to Competition, if the Lessee should not agree to give a reasonable Price. ,;

The Crown should not urge the passing of Inclosure Bills, as that might probably excite Opposition; but its Consent should be readily given; and the Expence of obtaining such Acts should, as we have suggested in our Twelfth Report, be made as easy as possible.

Until the Rights of the Crown in Manors so, circumstanced shall be ascertained, the Collection Rents should not be sold; but, in the mean Time, Pains should be taken to discover from what Lands they issue, and to enforce Payment of the Arrears, so that the Sale of the Rents may not be impeded on that Account.

These Cautions relate only to Collection Rents, or Quit Rents, which being Parcel of some Manor, seem

not properly to fall under the Description of Dry and,

7 C Unimproveable

558 28° MartH. A, 1793.

Sixteenth Report Unimproveable Rents. The last are undoubtedly fit l*nd Revenue. Objects of immediate Sale.

' v" ' The same Plan should be adopted respecting the Rents contained in the Third Schedule, being the Fee Farm Rents payable to the Crown in the several Counties in England, except . The Sale of

those which are really Dry and Unimproveable should be continued; but such as are parcel of Manors should not be sold until the Sale of the Manerial Rights shall also be determined on.

Chef , (l. s.)

Land Revenue Office, Jn° Call, (l. s.)

Scotland Yard, John (l. s.)

March 28th, 1793.

APPENDIX.

N°

1. A State of Facts relative to the Suppression of a Rent called The Tunc Rent,

in Flintshire ——

2. A State of the Amount of Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents, sold by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue in each County, and of the Land Tax allowed, the Net Annual Amount, and Purchase-Money paid for the same

3. An Account of all the Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities purchased by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, and standing in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England ——

4. An Account of all the Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities purchased by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, and of the Sums laid out in the Purchase thereof

5. A State of the Application of the Monies paid into the Bank of England, for the

Purchase of Fee Farm, and other Unimproveable Rents -

6. Copy of an Order of the Court of Exchequer, dated 6th July 1650, touching

Sheriffs Ferms and Viscontiels - -

Pag#

58

561

563

563

5^4

565

N° 1.

A State of Facts relative to the Suppression of a Rent called The Tunc Rent, in Flintshire.

The Crown Revenue within the Principality of Wales (about 3,000l. out of North, and 3,400l. out of South Wales) issues out of Lands, in the Nature of Quit Rent, payable at the Annual Audit, held about Midias, in different Places of that Country, where the Auditor attends, or his Deputy; the Receiver in like Manner. The Annual Accounts of Sheriffs are then settled, and Quietus's given by the Auditor as English Sheriffs Accounts are settled in the Exchequer.

The said Revenue is very ill paid by the Crown Tenants; consequently, the Arrears increase considerably — iuso much that the whole Revenue is in a Way of being totally lost, the Sheriffs Bayliffs being very remiss in delivering the Precepts to the Crown Tenants, and the Sheriffs also neglect to return the Recognizances by them entered into, and are negligent also in other Parts of their Duty.

The Sheriffs are appointed in February or March; at Michaelmas following the y heretofore attended, passed

their Accounts, and received their; and also at

Micfimas Term then next received the several 30/. allowed every Sheriff by 3d Geo. I. on producing such Quietus at the Exchequer, or producing a Certificate from the Auditor, of their being Sheriffs; and so became careless in their Duty for the remaining Part of their Time.

Inconveniences appearing by discharging the Sheriffs of their Account at Mich as, and then giving them their Quietus before their full Year of Service was ended, this Matter, in the Sheriffalty of Thomas Kyffyn, Esquire, in 1766, was regulated by the Barons of the Exchequer; and the Sheriffs thereafter were not to account till the Michas next after the full Expiration of the Year of their Offices.

The Sheriffs of the County of Flint (and no other County) are charged with an Annual Rent called The Tuncke Rent, payable in small Sums, or Rents, for divers Tenures, in the Commots or Hundreds of Coleshill, Ruthland, Prestatyn, and Maylor, in the said County, amounting to 80 /. 125. 2 d. no otherwise stated in the Auditors and Receivers Rent Books than as follows:

£. *. d.

Flint-Offic* Collect' Tunc' Redd,' in Compo Vic Onerat lxxx: xij: ij.

No Rental, Survey, or particular Account of the Lands, or Tenants, liable to this Rent, are now to be found in either the Auditor's or Receiver's Office. The Sheriffs Bayliffs being possessed of the Rentals, accordingly collected by such Rentals; and every Sheriff Annually attended with, and always paid to the Receiver, the said 80/. 125. 2d. with which he is charged in his Account in Gross, as above, till the Year 1766, when the said Thef Kyfin, or his Deputy, tendered only 41 /. Part of the said Rent, asserting the Bayliffs were able to collect no more, not knowing the Lands or Tenants liable to pay the same. The Example was followed by the next Sheriff, who collected only 30/. of the said Rent. Ever since, the succeeding Sheriffs, their Deputies and Bayliffs, have combined to collect no Part of the said Rent; but to extinguish the same totally, under Pretence that the Sheriff, their Deputies, or Bayliffs, are ignorant as to the Lands or Tenants, for Want of Rentals for their Direction. — Part, of the Rental, by Means of a Premium, has been lately recovered of One of the Bayliff Collectors; the Remainder of the Rental is withheld by other Bayliffs, who are advised by the Country Attornies not to part with them.

The said Rent of 80/. 12j. 2 being thus unpaid by the Sheriffs of Flintshire, who (till 1706) always paid the same, Mr. Myddelton, Deputy to Lord the Auditor of Wales, has ever since postponed the Delivery of the Quietus, at the Audits, to the Sheriffs of Flintshire; consequently the Auditor's Fee of 8/. 13 s. 4 d.on each Sheriff's Account, remains unpaid to him, the Account being left open and unfinished.

« 8th

8th Geo. III.

To accommodate ye Judges,

}Itwas enacted, That an Annual Sum not exceeding 20/.'be granted for the SixttentbRtport Lodging and Accommodation of the Judges for every County Assize in on liaB*

Wales, to be paid for that Purpose by the respective Sheriffs, and to be y

allowed and passed in their Accounts at the Annual Audit.

By a Grant of the late King William III. an Annudl Rent of 1,200l. was granted in Fee to the Ancestors of the late Lord Grantham, out of the North Wales Collection; and 800 /. per Ann. out of South,

the Whole of which is now vested in Lord Cowper. — The Four Barons of the Exchequer havel also Annual Stipends out of this Revenue. Also the Expences of attending Executions of Criminals in Wales, which are craved by Sheriffs, being generally very heavy Charges, are by the Treasury ordered to be paid by the Receiver of this Revenue. These, with the Sheriffs Allowance for accommodating the Judges every Assize, Auditor's and Receiver's Allowance, and divers other Annual Payments, Pensions, and Salaries, are likewise charged on these Rents, very near equal to the whole Annual Produce; so that the same now is or soon will be (by the Combination aforesaid) insufficient to answer the several Outgoings wherewith the said Rents are charged, Lord Cowper haying Three Years Rent due to him

out of the North Wales Division.

3d Geo. I. Ca. 16. Sec 1. & 2. IThere shall be paid Yearly, out of the said Money set apart, on the 1st Day

4,000 /. allowed Sheriffs. J of Mictias Term, to the Sheriffs of the several Counties, the Sums herein

expressed, to enable them to bear the Expences of the Letters Patent for their Offices, and pass their Accounts and obtain their Quietus: — Flint,

301. — Denbigh, 30 /. &c.

- t

f > , f r V ‘ ' 1 .

The Sheriff of Flintshire, &c. for last Year (1776) . The Arrears of many of the Crown Tenants arc Tllfse Ar*

is appointed in February. At Mictias Term follow, almost at the Period of the Limitation, under the j,

ing, (Mictias 1776) he called on the Auditor for a Ij&te Act for quieting Possessions, &c. (9 Geo. III. charge, Certificate of his being Sheriff, which was accordingly Cap. 16.) therefore I

given him; and that entitles him at the Exchequer to In a Case heretofore stated to the above Effect, it believe not receive the 30 /. Having got it he becomes careless was (among other Things) submitted. Whether the about his regular Accounting; and at the Audit 1777, 20/. allowed the Sheriffs for the Accommodations of 3

when be attends to account, and ask for his Quietus, the Judges might not be withheld, and made payable he gives the usual Reason, of his Inability to collect out of the said Tuncke Rent, in order to induce the the Tunc Rent, with which he is charged; consequently Sheriffs to collect the same; and w'bat other Remedy the Quietus is not delivered him, which gives him no could be had, to recover the Arrears of that, aDd many Concern — for he thereby avoids the Expence of pay- other Rents increasing in Arrears; to which Mr. Dp ing the Auditor his Fee of 8/. 134. 4 d-directed by Grey, the then Attorney General, gave the following Act of Parliament to be paid for passing the Sheriffs Opinion:

Account, and for his Quietus est.

"lam satisfied, that the Laws have provided a complete Remedy for collecting the " Crown Revenues;~ but the Practice of the legal Forms of Proceeding has been so " long discontinued, that new Persons coming into Office have no Opportunity of " knowing the m.

". I think the ancient Practice should be revived; and I apprehend it might be done by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or the Court of Exchequer, making an Order for the " proper Officers in the several Departments relative to the Business of the Revenue in " Wales, inquiring into and stating the regular Course of Office as established by Law; " and when this is done, the regular Process will appear complete, or the Defects et may be more easily provided against. Till that is done, the rest will be but Ex- pedients.

" In the mean Time, One great Source of Mischief is, the not returning the Recogtoizance before the Sheriff is sworn in; and this may be rectified by Order of the Court " of Exchequer, that the Commission to swear the Sheriff should not issue till the Recogniz&nce is properly returned.

" If the Sheriff does not pay the Rents given in Charge, he still stands charged himself, " unless he has a good Excuse, and which it is in the Breast of the Auditor to allow or " not; and the Recognizance will secure the Arrears. If he has a good Excuse, the'Arrears " may go over to the succeeding Sheriff.

" The Sheriff, if he knows the Tenants and Lands out of which the Rent issues, must, " by Law, have a Remedy to collect them. If they are not known, a Bill or Information " in the Exchequer will lie for a Discovery and Account.

" I do not approve of the indirect Method proposed of setting off the Judges Lodgings " against the Tunc Rent, or keeping back the Certificate of that Disbursement; but it is an " Article in Account, for which they should be allowed.

" W. De Grey,

" 15th Sep' 1769."

" Some Process should be immediately taken out upon " such Rents as are near the Period set by the late Act of " Parliament; but the particular Rejats, and the Circumstances attending them, are not stated."

Vol. 48.

The

560 28° Martii. A. 1793.

Sixteenth Report The. Nature and Original -of the Tunck Rent, Mr. Skinner and Mr. Parry have had Two or Three on Land Revenue, ajgQ Porthan Keys, cannot now be traced or ex- Consultations how to bring the Matter properly be-

plained. Searches for that Purpose having been made fore the Court, and desired to be attended by Mr.

in the Auditor's Office, it appears, that in Michael- Martin, One of the most intelligent Practisers of that

mas Term 1654, it was represented to the Court of Court; and they apprehended that there are not any Exchequer by Mr. Lloyd and Mr. Dymock, Sheriffs of Traces of the Crown Revenue, or Rents, within Flintshire, that the Rents being so generally written the Principality of to be found in the Pipe

forth, without mentioning where or upon whom the Office.

same were to be levied; and it appearing that the said Nothing can be collected in the Office of Auditor

Rent had been collected Time out of Mind till the of Wales respecting the said Rent (except as before), late Wars, and could not since be received by Reason This Office was probably created soon after the Statute of their Obscurity, it was ordered that the said Rent in of Hen. VIII. which formed a more complete Body of Arrear be sent forth in Process for levying the same, Laws respecting the Government and Administration and that the said Sheriffs be discharged therefrom. of Justice within the Principality of Wales, though

By Entries in the said Office it also appears, that the the Union with England was in the 12 Edward I. said Mr. Lloyd, Sheriff for 1647, and Mr. Dymock for The Records of the Auditor's Office were not kept 1650, were exonerated; and that Process to recover the with the Accuracy the Importance of the Office said Rents were issued against the Sheriffs for the Years required.

1648, 1649, and 1651 Mr. Mr. Parry, and Mr. , con-

Memorials to the above Effect have been delivered curred, that the proper Measure to be pursued to re-to the Barons of the Exchequer, Two or Three Years store the Tunck >endeavoured to be suppressed, ago, who were ready to give their Assistance in pre- can only be by an Information in the Exchequer; senting the usual Practice, and recommended search- which, upon looking back into Mr. De Greys Opinion ing in the Pipe Office, with Reference to the similar (not then produced to them, or thought of) falls in with printed Case of Miles Branthwaite, Esquire, Sheriff of the Sentiments of that learned Gentleman.

Norfolk, who in 1756 objected to his being charged In future, the Auditor is advised not to certify the

with Fee Farm Rents amounting to 28 /. 4s. by Reason Sheriff of Flintshire at Miclias, in his Year of Office,

the Lands were not particularly described in the Pipe, by which Certificate he receives the 30/. at a Time Mr. Cursitor Baron was of Opinion, thatas these ancient that he is a determined Delinquent with respect to the Sums had been answered by the preceding and by all Tunck Rent set in Charge against him — See the above former Sheriffs, Mr. Branthwaite ought to remain Extract of the Act relating to the 30/. to every Sheriff charged with them. of Wales.

The Process, or Summons of the Pipe, produced, Mr. Humphreys, Deputy to Mr. Kyffin, Sheriff for the Under Sheriffs and Bailiffs swear, That they en- in 1766, and the succeeding Under Sheriffs

deavoured to receive the said Rents; which some of of that County, with their Bailiffs, can, if they please, the People admitted had been formerly paid, but for discover the several Tenants of the Tunke Rent. Mr. many Years would pay them no mote, because the Wynne, Deputy Sheriff about 1767, or 1768, declared Bailiff would not ascertain the particular Premisses on he could, in case he was so disposed, collect the Whole which they were charged. The Under Sheriff also of the said Tunc Rent.

states how unreasonable it was for him to pay the The said Mr. Wynn, as Under Sheriff (in the Name Rents with his own Money, as he had done several of his Principal) has, this present Year, petitioned the Times, &c. Treasury, as is customary, for no less a Sum than 88/.

Mr. Webb, then Solicitor of the Treasury, was in- for his extraordinary Expences, Trouble, &c. attending defatigable in his Trouble and Researches, particu- the Execution of, and gibbeting a Felon; which their larly in the Pipe, and other Offices, to trace out the Lordships, in the usual Form, refer the Consideration Origin of the Rents; and by great Pains and Industry of to the Auditor, who reports what Allowance he thinks he produced Extracts of Pipe Rolls, with Particulars reasonable.

of Rents, Lands, &c. The Court, among other Several considerable Rents, charged on Persons, Things, ordered, That Process issue, and the Pro- Districts, Commots, &c. are much in Arrear, by Length cess, Land, and Cause, be plainly expressed, of the of Time, and like to be lost; but no Rent so important Sums which the Sheriff hath or might have levied; as this of 80/. 12 has been so recently, and so un-and that no Sheriff be dismissed until he hath brought justly, attempted to be thus sunk, by the wanton Per-such Rolls or Schedules; and that Miles Branthwaite, suasion of People; and the Example has, and still will, Esq. Sheriff of Norfolk, should not be discharged of produce the worst of Consequences, to all those interested the several Rents therein mentioned; and that he in this Revenue.

shall have Exonaratio Vicecomitis, on finishing his Lord Cowper, who is so essentially concerned, ought Account, for all the said Rent, except the said 32 to take this Matter up with proper Industry and Spirit, Shillings. and not suffer so considerable a Rent to be trifled

This Matter was mentioned to the Court of Ex- away with. Mr. Woodford and Mr. Woodoock, who chequer in Trinity Term last, who desired to see the manage for his Lordship, have been fully apprised of above Case, and that the Business should be again the State of this Matter; but no Step of Consequence is mentioned to them: Which was done, but no Order taken by them, whatever made.

The Bayliffs of this Collection:

John Cowper, of die Hundred of Mold,

William Jones, of - D* - - Prestatyn,

John Lloyd, of - D* - - May lor,

John Parry, of - D - -

Edward Davies, of - D° - - Coleshill.

March 1777. Some or all of these Baylifls have thought fit to go about, without the Sheriffs Orders, and collect of several ignorant People some Part of the Tunc Rent, which they secrete, and account for the same neither.

33 Geo. Ill

28° Martll.

561

Sixteenth Report on Land Revehufc.

N‘ 2.

A STATE of the Amount of Fee Farm, and other Unimproveable Rents, sold by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, in each County, and of the Land Tax allowed, the Net Annual Amount, and Purchase-Money paid for the same.

COUNTIES. Rents sold. Land Tax allowed. Net Annual Amount Purchase Money.

In the Division of

JAMES WEST, Esq. Auditor. £. X. d. £. s. I £. s. d. £. s. d.

Bedford - - - 35 18 5 4 11 4 3i 7 if 941 4 9

Berks - - - 6o 19 11 11 — 8 49 18 5k i,497 16 6

Bucks - - 19 9 6~ 2 7 4 17 2 2 5H 6 —

Cambridge - 9 7 7 k — 17 — > 8 10 7k 256 — —

Cornwall - - - - 16 6 — k 2 10 — 13 16 — k 414 2 —

Cumberland - - 5 — — 13 2 4 6 10 130 5 —

Devon - - 27 13 5 k 2 4 — 25 9 5k 764 4 6

Dorset - m - - 33 18 5i 4 17 — 29 1 51 872 3 6

Durham - - - 243 6 8 4813 — 194 13 8 5,063 10 —

Essex - -N - 14 9 ill — *9 — 13 10 11 1 406 9 —

Glocester - - 8 5 — 17 8 7 7 4 202 6

Hereford - - - - 17 12 io| — 17 — 16 15 10* 503 '9 —

Hertford - - - 17 3 U 1 17 8 15 5 5 458 5 —

Huntingdon - - - Nil.

Kent - - 65 5 10 10 2 4 55 3 6 1,558 19 ~

Lancaster - - - 1 18 3 — 4 — 1 14 3 5i 8 - —

Leicester - - - - . 13 16 1 12 4 12 3 8 365 O 6

London - - - - 54 9 7 6 *9 — 47 10 7 1,426 8 6

Middlesex - - - 16 1 — k 1 1 — 15 — — k 450 1 6

Bailiwick of St. James - ___ 13 4 — 2 8 10 8 16 — —

Norfolk - - - - 20 2 11 3 2 4 17 — 7 455 — 6

Northampton - - - 31 10 8 i 3 18 — 27 12 8* 829 5 6

N orthumberland - - 5 6 - - - — 5 6 8 5 —

Oxford - - - *» - 9 7 81 1 11 1 7 16 7 k 234 »9 3

Salop - - - 12 17 5 k — 8 — 12 9 5k 374 4 6

Somerset - - - 177 11 8k 28 5 3 149 6 5 k 4,io6 9 —

Southampton - - - 9 17 4 1 13 4 8 4 — 232 15 —

Isle of Wight - - - 472 17 8 92 2 — 380 15 8 10,798 18 5

Stafford - - - - 132 10 if *9 15 - — 112 15 i4 3,077 1 6

Suffolk - — m 38 — — i 2 19 6 35 — 6* 1,049 12 —

Surrey - - - 18 14 — k 2 18 - — 15 16 — I 474 1 6

Sussex - - - 71 10 11 i 12 18 8 58 12 3* 1,758 10 — *

Warwick - - 51 4 5 i 8 7 4 42 17 U 1,160 19 6

Westmorland - - m 6 15 1 4 — - 5 11 — 166 10 —

Wilts - - - 606 3 5 115 18 4 490 5 1 13,260 10 10

Worcester - - - 41 15 8i 2 14 10 39 — 10* i,i74 13 —

York - - - 116 7 61 22 4 2 94 3 4 2,825 2 6

£. 2,479 6 7 i 422 6 — 2,057 — 7k 57,876 18 3

In the Division of

HENRY SHELLEY, Esq.

Auditor.

Cheshire . 38 2 6k 7 3 — 30 !9 6k 929 6 6

Derby - - - 14 3 4 1 8 8 12 14 8 382 1 6

Lincoln - - 6 *7 9 — 12 — 6 5 9 188 12 6

Nottingham - - - 6 13 8 1 — — 5 13 8 170 10 —

£. 2,545 3 10 i 432 9 8 2,112 14 2* 59,547 8 9

Vol. 48.

7D

28° Martii

A. 1793

562

Sixteenth Report ou Land Revenue*

C 0 U N T r E s. Rents sold. Land Tax allowed. Net Annual Amount. Purchase Money.

In the Division of

THOMAS'JOHNES, Esq. t

Auditor. £i s. d. £.d. £. rf. £i d.

Anglesey - - 53 2 2 i 10 43 2 O 5 JT 1,293 7 —

Carnarvon - - 56 7 8 10 18 — 45 9 8 1,364 10 —

Denbigh - - - 75 18 8f 14 61 18 8* 1,-858- 2 —

Flint - - - 9 13 10 1 14 — 7 ‘9 10 239 *5 —

Merioneth - . 1 6 10 — 4 — 1 2 10 34 5 —

Montgomery - - - 2 5 7 6 5 20 7 6 611 5 —

Brecknock - 170 2 8* 33 15 — 136 7- 81 4/391 11 6

Cardigan - - 164 3 71 32 11 4- 131 12 3* 3,948- 8 6

Carmarthen - - 78 19 1 1314 ~ 65 5 1 1,957 12 6

Glamorgan: - - 3i — 2 4.16 — 26 4 2 786; 5 —

Pembroke - - 29 9 4 r 5 6 — 24 3 4 ii 728 1 6

Radnor - - - 12 15 6 2 2 — 10 13 6 320 5 —

Monmouth - - 44 12 101 6 14 — 37 18 101- 1,138 8 —

£. 753 — 1 140 14 4 612 5 9 18,371 16 —

VJSCONTIEL RENTS.

Bucks - 2 15 2 m . 2 15 2 82 15 —

Cambridge - - 4 1 8 ... 4 1 8 122 10 —

Cornwall - - 4 12 6 — 12 — 4 — 6 120 15 —

Derby - - - — 10 — . — 10 — 15

Kent - - - 12 3 6i 28 — 9 15 61 2j8 12 6

Leicester - . - — 6 8 - — 6 8 JO

Lincoln - - - 2 11 6 - 2 11 6 77 5 —

Norfolk - - - 3 8 6 — 7 — 3 1 6 92 5 —

Northampton - - - 3. 8 — 12 — 3 4 8 97

Northumberland . - 5 6, — 6 — 5 10 6 165 15 —

Nottingham - - 7 15 — 1 9 — 6 6 — 189

Oxford - - - 41 10 — 8 6 — 33 4 — - 996:

Rutland - - - 15

Salop - - - — 6 8 ... — 6 8 10

Somerset - - — 13 4 m — — 13 4 20

Stafford - - — 18 4- — 18 4 27 10 —

Surrey - - - 1. 2 8 - 1 2 8 34

Westmorland - - — 1 — - — 1 — 1 10 —

Wilts - - - 10 15 4- 112 — 9 3 4 275

Town of Kingston upon Hull . 1 10 — I 1 10 — 45

Town of Nottingham - - 2 14 5 2 14 5 81 12 6

£. 107 19 5i 15 12 _ 92 7. 51 2,736 10 —

ABSTRACT. Rents sold. Land Tax allowed* Net Annual Amount Purchase Money.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Total in the English Counties 2,545 3 10 1 432 9 8 2,112 14 21 59,547 8 9

Total of Viscontiel Rents - 107 19 51 15 12 — 92 7 5t 2,736 10 —

Total in North and South Wales - 753 — 1 140 14 4 612 5 9 18,371 16 —

£. 3,406 3 51 588 16 — 2,817 7 51 80,655 14 9

S3.Ge.o, III

563

28° Martii.

N° 3. Sixteenth Report

An ACCOUNT of all the 3 per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities purchased by the Commissioners ^______-

of the Land Revenue, and standing in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of

~ . — t £. s. d.

1787. February 23 - - - - 6,000

March 22 - 4,000 *-

May 25 - 6,000

July 11 - - m - - 4,000

Dd - - - - 5,000 — —

D* - - - _ - 3,000

September 5 - - - 5,000

D* - 5,000 —

D* - - - . 2,000

1788. March 19 - - - - 5iipoo — . —

April 11. - - - . 2,000 — —

July 7.. - - - - i - 5,000

October 20 - - - - 3,000 —

1789. July 21 - 2,000 — - —

D* - 4,000 —

1-790- February 19 - - - - 4,000 —

April 9 - - - - 7,000 —

October 15 - - - m - 5,000

D° - 1,000 —

D* - 500

D° - 1,000 —

]>- - 2,000 — —

D* - 500

D* - 1,000

D* - 2,000

D* - 1,000 —

1791- January 20 - 10,000 —

D* - 1,000

n* - - - - 2,000

D? - 2,000

August 17 - - . - - - 3,000

1792. March 7 - - . - 1,000

July 6 m £. 769 18 3 105,769 18 3

W. Edwards, T

Acc' Gen* of the Bank of England.

N* 4.

An ACCOUNT of all the 3 per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities purchased by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, with Monies arising from the Sale of Fee Farm, and other Unimproveable Kents, and of the Sums laid out in the Purchase thereof.

3 ' 1 Date of Transfer. Capital Stock purchased. Purchase Money. 1 ! 1 Commission. i Total Sums laid out.

£. s. d. j £. j. ‘ £. s. d. £. s. d.

1787. February 23d 6,000 4,462 10 — 7 10 — 4,470

March 22d 4,000 3.045 5 3,050

May 25th 6,000 4,627 10 — 7 10 — 4,635

July 11th 12,000 8,478 15 — 15 8,493 15 ~

September 5th 12,000 8,$20 15 8,835

1788. March 19 th 5,000 ^1 00 „ is O 1 6.5 — 3,793 «5 —

April 11 th - 2,000 1,510 2 10 — 1,512 10 —

July 7th - 5,000 3,706 5 — 65 — 3,712 10 —

October 20th 3,000 2,257 10 — 3 *5 — 2,261 5 —

1789. July 21st 6,000 4,537 10 — 7 10 — - 4,545-

1790. February 19th 4,000 3,115 5 3,160

April pth - 7,000 5,538 15 — 8 15 ~ 5,547 10 —

October 15th 14,000 10,266 5 — 17 10 — 10,283 15 —

1791. January 20th 15,000 11,947 10 — 18 15 — 11,906 5 —

August 17th - 3,000 2,647 10 — 3 15 — 2,651 5 —

1792. March 7th - 1,000 963 1.5 — 1 5 — 965

July 5th - 769 18 3 702 8 2 — 17 10 703 6 —

Total - - 105,769 18 3 ^',41. 15 - 132 2 10 80,545 16 —

Vol. 48.

D

cq‘

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

o

00.

ft

'ii

I § ts 3 so 2-3 c a ? 3

N° 5.

A STATE of the Application of the Monies paid into the Bank of England for the Purchase of Fee Farm, and other Unimproveable Rents.

The COMMISSIONERS of the LAND REVENUE, on Account of the Sale of Fee Farm Rents belonging to the Crown.

D".

To Cash paid into the Bank of England for the Purchase of Rents co'd by the Commissioners of the Land Revenue - - - - £. 80,665 14 9 £. s. d.

Deduct,

Cash repaid to Richard Payne Knight, Esqr, a Sum overpaid by him on the Purchase of certain Rents - - - - 10 £.80,655 14 9

Cr*.

By Cash paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank, for Interest of a Sum of 4,210 I. *, over-drawn by the Commissioners for the Purchase of Stock, until replaced by Payments for the Purchase of Rents - -

By Cash laid out in the Purchase of 105,769/. 18 s. 3d. Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities, including the Broker's Commission thereon - -

JV. B. — The over-drawing of this Sum was occasioned by a miscasting; of the Commissioners Account at the Bank. By an Advance in the Price of Stock, from 73 £ to 75£ per Cent, at the Time of replacing the Money, the Mistake proved a Gain to the Public of somewhat more than 100l. by the Purchase of 5,700l. Stock, at per Cent, under the latter Price, and Half a Year's Dividend thereon viz.

5,700 /. at 24- per Cent.

Six Months Dividend on D* -

Interest paid to the Bank

- £.128 5 85 10

213 15 — 109 18 9

£. 103 16 3

£. s. d.

109 18 9

80,545 16 —

80,655 14 9

Or

Cfc

to

00

o

<0

ca

33 GeO. III.

28° Martii.

565

N*

6 Julii 1650.

WHEREAS the Sheriffs of several Counties of England stand charged in the Great Roll of the Pipe, and have so stood charged anciently, with divers Sums of Money in Gross, sub nomine under the several Titles of De Rem' Firm' Post terras,

de veteribus Cri Cormtatus, Tie Firma de Comi-

tatus, De Comagio, De TVarda Castri, De Firma per-prestur, 8$ escaet\ De emersis De minutis parti-

culis, Seijantia, de Tris Assart' infra diversas Forestas, and the like; and the said Sheriffs Yearly, and from Year to Year, have been, and still are, commanded by the Summons of the Pipe to levy the same, as heretofore, to the Use of the Crown, so now to the Use of the Commonwealth, without expressing where, of whom, for what Cause, or out of what Lands, or Tenements, the same are particularly to be levied by the said Sheriffs, or out of what Particulars the said Sums in Gross do so arise; in regard where, and that it hath heretofore appeared, in the Time of King H. 8. upon Complaint of the Sheriffs, that a great Part of the particular Rents and Annual Sums of Money, wherewith the said Sheriffs do stand charged upon their Accompts in Gross, had been, long before that Time, payable by Monasteries, Abbots, Priors, attainted Persons, and the like, whose Estates were come to the Crown, and so ought to be discharged by Unity of Possession, and yet that the said Sheriffs were still charged, in Gross, with the same, to their great Burthen and Grievance; it was in the 34th Year of the said late King H. 8. enacted by Parliament, in the Case of these Sheriffs, and of all Sheriffs for the Time to come, that the said Sheriffs should be charged to answer, upon their Accounts Yearly, such Rents and Sums of Money, of the Natures aforesaid only, as by the particular Rentals, or Vicontiels, by them to be Yearly delivered in upon Oath, they should set forth, and make appear, to be by them leviable; and that they should be discharged of all the Residue which they, upon their Oaths, should affirm to be illeviable, by virtue of the said Act of Parliament, which hath been so continued accordingly ever since: Howbeit the Sheriffs have from Time to Time complained, and still complain, against the writing forth of more to be levied, and answered by them upon their Accompts, than such Rents and Sums of Money only, as appears upon the Oaths of their Predecessors, Sheriffs, to be leviable; and that the rest appearing to be illeviable ought to be removed out of their said Annual Roll, and Commissions thereupon to be awarded out of the Exchequer, for reviving the same, according to the true Intention of the said Statute of 34 8:

Which the now Lord Chief Baron, and the rest of the

Barons, taking into their serious Consideration, and Sixteenth Report being willing and desirous, so far forth as may stand °" ** evepaje* with the Preservation of the due Rights of the Commonwealth, to give all fitting Ease, and Satisfaction to Sheriffs therein, according to the Meaning of the said Statute of 34 H. 8. and according to the Statute of Rutland, 1 o Ed. I. whereby it is provided, that nothing shall be written out to the Sheriffs but such Firmes and Debts, whereof there is some Hope thact something may be levied; and that all dead Firmes, and desperate Debts, are to be removed from the Annual or Great Roll, into the Ex-annual Roll, and not to bd written forth in Process to the Sheriff, but to be inquired of, to see if any thing may be revived: Whereupon the said Lord Chief Baron, and the rest of the Barons, calling before them the Clerk of the Pipe, with the Secondaries, and the rest of the sworn Clerks of the said Office, and upon Debate of the Business, finding it to be a Work of great Difficulty, Labour, and Care, to examine and set forth, in every County, from the Originals and Records of such Antiquity, to be compared with later Times, the Particulars which are from henceforth to be written to the Sheriffs, to levy in certain; and such as are, for the Reasons aforesaid, to be removed out of the said Annual Roll, have nevertheless, in Ease of all Sheriffs for Time to come, with respect to the labour and Care of the Officers and Clerks to be by them undergone therein,

It is this Day ordered, That the Clerk of the Pipe, the Secondaries, and other sworn Clerks of the said Office, in their several Assignments, shall in pursuance of the said Statute of Rutland, and the said Statute of 34 H. 8. use their best Endeavour, Diligence, and Care, with as much convenient Speed as a Work of so great Labour and Consequence may well be performed, fully to explain and set forth, and shall from henceforth fully explain and set forth, in the subsequent Annual Roll of this Court, so many of the particular Rents as they find out and discover, by any of the Remembrances, Books, Vicontiels of Sheriffs; or other Records of this Court, to have been, and which be appertaining to the making up of every of the said Firmes, so charged in Gross Sums as aforesaid, and shall therein distinguish which, and how much of those particular Rents, have been and are to be Yearly answered.

And so much of the said Firmes as cannot be explained by setting forth the Particulars, together with the Particulars so set forth and explained, which have been in Decay and unanswered, by the Space of Forty Years last past, and which are become illeviable, shall be thereupon removed, and conveyed out of the said Annual Roll, and Sheriffs Accompts, into the Exannual Roll of this Court; and that Commissions and Process shall be, from Time to Time, awarded, to regain and recover the same, according to the true Intention of the said Statutes.

Land Revenue Office, Scotland Yard, March 28th 1793.

Clue Middleton. In Call.

John Ford

Vol. 48.

7 E

To

A. 1793.

966 -38° MaM.

SflVMOBtillflUjion

m Land Revenue.

r j -

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

The Seventeenth Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Conditiopqf the Woods, Forests, add La ndRe venues of the Crown, and to sell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

We have, in oar former Reports, proposed Plans for the.-Improvement of the Forests, and other 'Landed Estates of the Crown; but an important, and not the least difficult, Part of our Duty remains, namely, to propose such a System of Management as may be expected to preserve the Improvements when made; to devise Regulations which will prevent a Return of the Mischiefs which have prevailed; add such Checks on the; Conduct of the Officers to be employed, as may effectually guard against Delinquency in those who may be placed in subordinate Situations, and secure the Continuance of Attention and Care in those who taay be entrusted with the general Superin-tendance.

Sensible Of the Difficulty which we should find in the Performance of this Part of our Duty, we have postponed our Report upon it till our Enqmries were closed, that we might deceive the Aid of all the Information which it Was in our Power to obtain; and we now enter, upon it with real Diffidence.

In our Reports on the several Forests, we have described the Management, and pointed out the prevailing Abuses; and We have proposed such Altera-tioob in the Establishment of local and resident Officers, and, in: the Mode of paying them, as appeared to us to be necessary to pave the Way to the Im-proVemedt of each Forest. The Office which has the

fraeral Superintendance and Care df ‘the Woods and orests did not naturally Come to be fully considered in the ^Report on any erie Forest, but only So much of the Business of it as related ‘to the I particular Forest which was the Subject of such Report. It, therefore, now becomes necessary to bring what relates to that Office into One View.; and in doing this it is obvious that it will bfe impossible to avoid the Mention of some Things which have been before noticed. But in what relates to the Management of the Crown Lands,'having Twelfth Report Made One Generdl Repdrt, in which we have givenan Account of the superintending Office in that Department, land'pointed out the Defects, 'and the Tendency,

of the System followed, we shall here take Notice only of such Circumstances in the Management as may seem to require farther Explanation, and of such of the subordinate Offices in that Department as, in our humble Opinion, may be discontinued.

With this Vibw we shall state, mrtte fully 'than fee Have hitherto dene, the Fortes observed in granting Crown Leases, and the Expence attending the m; adding a very brief «nd general Account of the M<mfe of Collecting the Land Revenue in ontient Times, and of the Changes which took Place in the Offices appointed for Mat Purpose. This we deem necessary, in Addition to What is contained ib our former Reports, before we presume to suggest Alterations in Forms of Proceeding, and Modes df Collection and Management, which have long prevailed, in order that a Judgment May more easily be formed of the Propriety of the Alterations which we mean to propose.

We shall, in the First Place, take Notice of what relates to the Office of the Surveyor General of the Woods.

That Officer is constituted, by Letters Patent trader the 'Great Seal, Surveyor General of all His Majesty's Woods, in Forests, Parks, and Chases, and on Lands of the antierrt Inheritance of the Crown, on the Sooth of Trent; end by the same Patent be is appointed to the like Office of Surveyor General of Woods North df Trent. These Two Offices, which have been united for many Years past, were formerly held by different Officers and a separate Salary is still paid for each of them.

From the Nature -and Variety of the Business 'transacted under the Direction of the Burveyor General, it will appear that this is a Trudt of no moonsidembfe Importance.

The Felling >and Delivery of Timber 'for the <Navy, the Direction of all Wood Sales, /and 'the Receipt 'and Expenditure of the Monies arising from both; 'the building and repairing of Lodges and other 'Edifices, making Indlosures'for the Growth of Timber, repairing Roads and ‘Fences, and executing all Works Whatever, doneattheChiaige of the'Crown, in any of the Forests, Parks, and^ChaSes, and the'Payment of the Officers1 in several of‘them, are entrusted to the Surveyor General, and his Deputies.

The Officers in the Department of the Surveyor. Of the Woods, who were1 employed, at 'the Commencement of our Commission, in the Management of those (Forests which came under our'Examination, were

The Surveyor General - - - - John Pitt, Esquire.

His Deputy, resident in'London - - Messrs. Oliver and James Farrer.

An. Itinerant Deputy Andreas Emmerich, Esquire.

And Six Deputies for particular Forests; namely,

For Dean Forest -New Forest -

Aficeholt and Woolmer,~and Bere Forests Whittlewood and Salcey Forests Sherwood Forest -Waltham Forest ..

For Whichwood Forest there was not any resident Deputy, but the Business in it was transacted by occasional Assistants.

- Thomas Blunt.

- Henry Tombes,

- Robert Briant.

- Reuben Capes.

- George Clarke.

- John Fuller.

The Office of Surveyor General became vacant very soon after our Appointment, and continued so for near a Year. Messrs. Oliver and James Farrer, who had for a considerable Time acted as Deputy in that Office, having been appointed by the Lords of the Treasury to execute the Business of the Surveyor

General during the Vacancy, we necessarily referred for Information to them, and to the Deputies in the several Forests: From their Examinations, and from numerous Documents in our Possession, we give the Particulars we are now to state.

The

30.Ge». III.

Appendix,

Wi.

The Salaries, Allowances* w4i PewjBM^efl of the Surveyor G#je^ of the Wa#t 8# fpljmys:

ANNUAL PAYMENTS.

His Patent Fee or Salary, as Surveyor General South of £ s. d.

Trent

And for the North of Trent -

50 ——

50 ——

Deductions for Fees ao<jl Taxes

£ 100 ——

33 ? —

An Allowance for Riding Charges, of 20$. per Day, Sundays excepted; being per Annum ——

An Allowance for Two Deputies in New Forest, at per £ s. d-Day each, Sundays excepted - - - - 125 4 —

The like Allowance for Two Deputies in Dean Forest - - 125 4 —

The like for One Deputy in Sherwood Forest - - - 62 12 —

Allowance for Stationary Wares

£ s. d.

66 18 —

313 —

313 — — 12 15 —

705 13 —

FEES and PERQUISITES,

Five per Cent allowed in his Accounts, on all Navy Timber and Wood Sales, and on Monies received by him from the Land Revenue, or otherwise.

Five per Cent, retained on all Expenditures, for Works, Salaries, or other Payment? made by him, and deducted no making such Payments.

Five per Cent, retained on Wood Sales by the Deputies in some of the Forests; concerning which Messrs. Farrer say they cannot ascertain in what Instances Mr. Pitt received it from them; but, from the Information of the local Deputies, it appears to have been received for the Use of the Surveyor General in the Forests of Dean, New Forest, and Alieehqlt and IFqqlmpr.

Tw» Shillings per Tree, as Chip Money, for all Navy Timber felled in Ney Forest, received from the Buyers of the Tops.

Three Pence per Cord for all Cord Wood in Dean Fqrest.

GW Materials of Buildings or Fences, not fit for farther Use, except where qilpwpfl tto local Deputies.

The Average Amount of the Salary and Perquisites, Messrs. Farrer say, they believe was never ascertained by the :late Mr. Pitt. On a Calculation made by them, of the Profits for Four or Five Years prior to the Appointment of John Rabm&m, Esquire, in the Year 1787, they state itbem to have been about 2*300l., or 2,400l. ,a Year; but they believe the Average-of what Mr. Pitt 1 received during the whole Time he was in Office was not so much as .2,300 /.

In this Computation Mesas. Farrer have not reckoned any Thing for the Poundage on Wood Sal, es, which tti^y could not ascertain; but which, from the Amount of Wood Sales stated in oqr Repqrts on those Forests where the Deputies represented it to l^aye been received for the Surveyor Geqeral, we coqipqte ,to amount, with the Perquisites for Cord Wood and ,(<by> Mpqey, tp abopt 157/. 12.x. s d- per 4nr^tm.

The Allowances-to‘the Surveyor General for Deputies, amounting to 313/. per Annum, haye pot any Reference to the .'Number actually employed, or the Salaries paid tp them: The Payments to Deputies by the fqte Surveyor General were,

.To the Deputy resident in (London - - .100

To One . Deputy in New Forest ----- ----- 5p

One in DeanjF.orest - - - 50

Dneifor Aliceholt.and Woolmer, and)Bere Forests ----- - 30

Oue for Whittlewood and Salcey(Forests - - - 25

And One in Sherwood Forest - , - .30

The Deputy in Wialtham Forest bad, ppt any jSaJary.

-.-273

A|ipeudix,

X'3-

The'Salary to the‘Deputy in was constantly allowed in the Accounts for that Forest.. — The rest of those Salaries were paid by Mr. Pitt; hut having been allowed to his Executors, on passing his Accounts, they were in'Fact a Charge on the Public.

‘The Salary of the Itinerant Deputy was 300 Annum., which was paid out of Wood Sales.

'The Perquisites apd Advantages, of the local Deputies, having been stated in our Reports on the several Forests, are not necessary to be repeated here; bqt Wot. *48.

several of them being of a very pernicious Tendency, we shall have Occasion to take Notice Of them in" a subsequent Part of this Report.

From the Account which we have given of the Salaries and Emoluments of the Surveyor General of the Woods, it must be obvious that a-Mode of Payment could hardly have been devised more dangerous to the Interests entrusted to his Care.

"The antient Salary being only 100l. per t,

producing clparno morei than 66/. 18 x. the‘Surveyors

- < General

TEirdReporf,

Fifth Report.

SixthReport.

Appendix,

N#a.

568 28° Martii. A. 1793.

SemteenthReport General have been led to appropriate to their on Land Revenue. own use Salaries originally allowed for the Payment ~ of Deputies; and instead of Two Deputies in

Forest, and Two in Dean Forest, only One is appointed in each, and at a Salary of less than One Half of the Stipends allowed.

The Two Poundages of 5. per Cent, on the Receipt, and 5 per Cent, on the Expenditure, of all Monies passing through his Hands, and the Third Poundage of 5 per Cent, on Wood Sales in the principal Forests (making \$per Cent, on a Part of his Receipts)' the Fees of 2 5. per Tree for the Navy Timber felled in New Forest, and 3d. per Cord (being about per Cent, on the Value) of the Cord Wood in Dean Forest, with the old Materials upon repairing Buildings or Fences, are so many Inducements to Profusion in the Cutting of the Timber and Wood, to Extravagance in the Expence of Works done under the Direction of this Officer, and to the Neglect of them, after being executed.

There are, indeed, Forms and Regulations in the Mode of carrying on some Parts of the Business in this Department, which, doubtless, were intended as Checks on the Conduct of the Officers; but they do not, in reality, afford any effectual Security against Abuse.

Warrants for the felling of Naval Timber in the Forests are commonly preceded by an Application from the Commissioners of the Navy, to the Lords of the Treasury: Reference is then made to the Surveyor General; who refers to his Deputies in the Forests, to certify what Quantity may be- cut; and, on their Report of the Quantity, a Warrant is issued for felling it.

But the Interference of the Navy Board in those Instances does not afford sufficient Security that the Forests shall not be injured by Profusion in the cutting of Timber. That Board, having to provide a much greater Quantity of Timber for the Dock Yards than the Forests can supply, is always desirous to have as much from them as possible; and Examples have not been wanting, even since the Commencement of our Enquiries, to shew the Necessity of some additional Interposition, to prevent the too rapid Proceedings of the Forest Officers in this Part of their Business.

On a Survey of the Timber in Dean Forest, in 1787, it was calculated that the . Forest could furnish about One thousand Loads of Navy Timber Annually, and not more, in its present unimproved State, as a per* manent Supply. On an Application of the Navy Board, to the Treasury, in 1789, for what could be properly spared from thence, and a Reference to the Surveyor General, a Return of Four thousand Four hundred and Forty-eight Loads was made by the Deputy in that Forest to the Surveyor General, and transmitted to the Treasury; and it afterwards appeared that the Deputy had written a Letter to the Navy Board, suggesting that they might be supplied with Two or Three thousand Loads out of One Walk only. In this Forest the Deputy Surveyor takes, as One of his Perquisites, the Tops of all Navy Timber, which on such a Quantity are of considerable Value; and, at the Time of this Transaction, the same Deputy had a Contract with the Navy Board for the Carriage of the Timber from that Forest to Plymouth Yard; so that, exclusive of his Perquisites as Deputy Surveyor, his Profits on the Contract for the Carriage would have increased in Proportion to the Quantity felled. If this great Fall of Timber had not been prevented, and the same Profusion had been suffered to continue, that valuable Forest would, in a very few Years, have been reduced to a Waste.

We state this Fact, which came under our own Observation, merely as an Instance of the Power which the Officers in this Department have to increase their own Emoluments by the Fall of Navy Timber

only. The Instances which follow will be found to give still greater Latitude for it.

Warrants for Wood Sales are preceded by a Report of the Surveyor General, pointing out where they may be made, and to what Amount. Such Orders are rarely issued but for defraying Expences in some of the Forests or Parks; and as we have shewn that there are Three Poundages, amounting to 1 5 per Cent. taken upon the Value of Wood Sales in the principal Forests-, it is obviously for the Interest of the Surveyor General not only to prefer that Mode of raising the Money, but even to exceed the Limits prescribed by the Warrants of the Treasury-; and accordingly we find that under Fifteen Warrants, directing Wood Sales in Dean, Aliceholt and Woolfner, and New Forests, not to exceed the Net Amount of 13,145/. 7 9 d. the Appendix,

Sums raised amounted to 20,417 17 i\d. N°+-

The Circumstance of the Deputies in several of the Forests being themselves the Purchasers of the Forest Timber, sometimes in their own Names, and some- SixthReport, times by Agents, opens a Door to unbounded Em- Pa- 21 bezzlement and Waste, of which we gave a striking ThirdReport, Example in our Report on Dean Forest. Pa- 33-

Even the small Perquisite of dor per Tree to the Deputy Surveyor, on setting out Timber for the Use of the Colliers in Dean Forest, and the other Advantages arising to the Forest Officers from that Source, and taken Notice of in our Third Report, have not been without their Effect in increasing the Waste of the Forest Timber, the Number of Trees felled for the Colliers having increased between the Years 1781 and 1787, from 992 to 1,929 Trees in a Year.

The Execution of Works carried on in the Forests under the Direction of the Surveyor General affords Opportunities for still more extensive and uncontrouled Advantages to the Deputies.

When Works of this Nature become necessary,' Directions are issued from the Treasury to the Surveyor General to make an Estimateof the Charge of the Works, and to report his Opinion thereon. Those Estimates are usually made by the Deputies in the respective Forests, or by Persons of their Appointment; and the Works are executed by them upon such Estimates, accounting only to the Surveyor General for his Poundage on the Amount. The Estimates are not delivered on Oath, nor are they previously examined, or the Works afterwards surveyed by any other Officer; so that there is plol^ReP°r:> not even the Appearance of any Check on this Part of their Proceedings.

The present Mode of making out the Accounts in this Department, though very antient, seems to bring an unnecessary Expence on the Public. Instead of an Annual or periodical Account of the whole Receipts and Disbursements of the Office, a separate Account is made up for each Warrant, however trifling the Sum received, or the Expenditure incurred; and an Allowance is made to the Auditor of 6/. for Sums' exceeding 1,000l. and 4/. for any less Sum, for stating each Account, and 10/. to the Surveyor pp, efn{Jpto General for passing it through the Official Forms; 95*

and we have seen an Instance of a Warrant having been issued which was not executed, and where of course there was nothing to be accounted for, but where, nevertheless, an Account was stated and passed, and the same Fees charged for the different Officers, as if the Business had been actually performed.

Though a Part of the Emoluments of the Surveyor General and his Deputies are received from Individuals, the Whole are ultimately paid by the Public, and doubtless with increased Disadvantage from the Mode of Payment: One of the Deputies expressly says, " That the Estimates for Works are so calculated, as to admit of the Deduction of the Poundage ^^Report,

" for the Surveyor General; and that an Allowance n» 25.

.....« is

" is made ta the Purchasers at the Wood Sales, for " that which is received from them."

The Manner in which the Business of this Department has been carried on, affords indeed numerous and strong Temptations to the Increase of Expence, and Waste, but not the smallest Inducement to the Offrcers to attend to the Increase or Preservation of the Wood and Timber.

We have accordingly shewn, in our Reports on the several Forests, that there ha's been a great Decrease of the Timber in every One of them; and that though, in consequence of the Provisions in the Acts of 40 Cha. «. 20 Charles II, and g and 10 William III, for the In-

C. 6. crease and Preservation of Timber in Dean and New

9 & io Forests,23,000 Acres might have been successively

W.Ill.C. 36. inclosed and planted in the one, and 24,000 in the t other, and the Trees on that great Extent would by Fifth Report, this Time have been of great Value, yet only 3,300 Pa. 46. Acres have actually been inclosed and planted in New ThirdReport, Forest, during the present Century, and only 4,000 in Pa.43.31.37. the Forest of Dean; and great Part of the Fences of the last were allowed to be destroyed immediately after they were made.

To the Account which we have given of the loose and unguarded Manner in which the Business in this Department has been carried on, we must add, that none of the Deputies or Persons employed under the Surveyor General act upon Oath. The Principal is the only sworn Officer; and as, from the Nature of the Business, and the widely dispersed Situation of the Forests and Parks, it is not possible for any Individual to give personal Attention to the execution of the Whole, or of any considerable Share, of the local Business, this Consequence necessarily follow's, that the greatest Part of it is executed by Persons not

Appendix, acting on Oath, and that the Accounts are sworn to

N® 3.

by One who is very little concerned in the actual exe- Seventeenth Report CUtion of it. on Revenue.

Our Object in this Part of our Report, has been to ----- ----- ----- ---'

shew that the Abuses which we have described were natural Consequences of the Mode of paying the Officers, the Discontinuance of the ancient Checks on their Conduct, and the Inattention of Government to this Part of the Public Property. Our Intention has been to prove the necessity of a Reform, and of establishing a simple and regular System of Management, instead of the present loose'and improvident Proceedings; and not to censure the Officers, who have acted only as others, probably, would have done in the same Circumstances, and taken Emoluments similar to those received by their Predecessors.

It is proper here to mention, that having understood that Mr. Robinson had forborne to take, or permit his Deputies to take, any Fees, Perquisites, or Emoluments, other than the Salaries allowed by the Public, and suspended his Claim for an Equivalent until our Reports should be considered, and some -Regulations adopted, we requested him to point out what Difference there was between the Fees and Emoluments received before his Appointment, and those Appendix, received since Mr. Robinson's Answer, and the Returns N° 5. '

of his Deputies, on the Subject of our Enquiry, are given in the Appendix.

Though we have, in our Report on the demised Twelfth Re-Estates of the Crown, given some Account of the port, Pa. 30. Forms observed in passing Crown Leases through the different Offices, yet we think it necessary here to state those Forms more fully, from the Answers given to our Precept by the acting Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, and inserted in the Appendix to that N®3i,

Report; and to add an Account of the Fees paid in each of those Offices.

1st. The Party desiring to obtain a Lease prefers a Petition or Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury.

2d. The Petition is referred, to the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, who is directed to report the true State and Value of the Premisses, with his Opinion what is fit to be done thereon.

3d. The Surveyor General reports a State of the Case, and the Value of the Premisses, with his Opinion whether it be proper to grant the Lease desired, and on what Terms or Conditions.

4th. If the Lords of the Treasury approve of granting the Lease, and of the Terms proposed, they issue a Warrant to the Surveyor General, directing him to make forth a Constat, or send to the Auditor for a Particular, of the Premisses, and to rate the same, in order to the passing a Lease accordingly; and to advise such Covenants, Clauses, and Provisoes, to be inserted therein, as he shall think necessary for His Majesty's Service, and are usual in Leases of the like Nature.

5th. The Constat or Particular contains a Description of the Estate to, be demised; therefore, if the Lease applied for be merely a Renewal of a former Lease, the Surveyor General sends a Warrant to the Auditor (in whose Office the Leases are inrolled) to make forth a Particular; but if the Estate applied for has not been in Lease before, or is only a Part of the Premisses contained in a former Lease, or if there be Occasion to alter the former Description, then the Surveyor General makes forth a Constat, describing the Premisses according to the State and Circumstances thereof at the Time of granting the new Lease.

6th. The Constat or Particular is rated by the Surveyor General. The Rate contains a Specification of the Term of Years, reserved Rent, and Fine; and the Covenants and Provisoes advised by the Surveyor General to be inserted in the Lease; and the Constat or Particular and Rate are transmitted to the Treasury.

7th. A Warrant is issued from the Treasury to the Clerk of the Pipe, to prepare the Lease to be passed under the Seal of the Court of the Exchequer, and directing, when a Fine is to be paid, that a Tally or Receipt for it should be produced to the Clerk of the Pipe before the Lease passes under Seal.

8th. A Copy of the Draft of the Lease, which is called the Transcript, signed by the Deputy Clerk of the Pipe, is transmitted to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, to be signed by him.

9th. The Transcript is next signed by the Lords of the Treasury, and returned to the Pipe Office.

10th. When the Fine for a Lease is to be paid into the Exchequer, the Clerk of the Pipe makes out and delivers to the Party a Debenture, specifying the Sum, and for what Purpose it is payable. The Debenture is carried to the Office of the Tellers of the Exchequer; and the Money being paid, a Tally is struck, testifying the Payment, One Part of which Tally remains in the Exchequer, and the other is left with the Clerk of the Pipe. When a Fine is paid to the Surveyor General of the Woods, his Receipt for the same, together with the Warrant directing the Payment, are entered in the Office of the Auditor of the Land Revenue (for charging the Surveyor General with the Sum received) and are afterwards produced to the Clerk of the Pipe.

Vol. 48. 7 F 11th. The

1

570 28° Martii. . 1793.

Seventeenth Report on Land Revenue*

nth. The Lease being ingrossed is signed by the Clerk of the Pipe, and transmitted to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who affixes to it the Exchequer Seal.

i 2th. The Lease is inrolled in the Office of the Auditor; and

13th. A Minute or Docquet (being a short Abstract thereof) is entered in the Office of the Surveyor* General.

The Fees payable at the different Offices on the separate Parts of these Proceedings, are particularized in the io ii' >9' ^ccounts *n the Appendix. We shall here only state the Amount at each Office, for what are called single , ' ' being the lowest Expence for which any Crown Lease is obtained; viz'.

Appendix to the Twelfth Report, N* *4> 25, *6*

At the Treasury -

To the Surveyor General, when a Constat is made out, 13. 13 but if a Particular To the Clerk of the Pipe, and Officers in his Department -

To the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and his Secretary ——

To the Auditor for inrolling the Lease, £. 2. 2 and, when a Particular is made out, a farther Fee of £. 2. as. -

Stamp Duty, per Skin ——

And there is commonly charged, by the Person employed to solicit or pass the Lease through the several Offices, a Fee of Ten Guineas, and for the Petition or Memorial to the Treasury One Guinea -

8

11

13

1

4

6

3

11

13

7

d.

6

4

6

4 —

44 19 4

11 11 —

£56

10

Appendix, N® 7.

The Fees at the Exchequer for receiving a Fine, and " are comprized in One Lease, and granted for differ the Tally, are 9 s.6d. When the Payment is " ferent Terms, or under separate Rents, double Fees, made to the Surveyor General of the Woods, the " or more, are charged and the Auditors state that Charge for entering the Warrant and Receipt with the " A Manor pays double Fees; and when the Parcels Audi or is One Guinea. " are distinct each pays separately."

The Expence, therefore, of a common Lease, sup- We have given in the Appendix an Account of the Appendix, posing no extraordinary Fees or Gratuities to be paid Fees actually paid in Six Instances of, Leases of differ- >*» *3» at any of the Offices, is little less than £. 60: But ent Lengths and Circumstances, granted in the Year l5‘ there are many Leases for which higher Fees are 1786. The Total Expence of each Lease, including taken. In the Account of the Fees of the Surveyor the ordinary'Charge for Agency or Solicitation, is as General it is stated that " When Two or more Estates follows:

Henry Read, Esquire, for a Slip of Ground in Park Lane - -

Mrs. Anne Egerton, Frogmore House, and Lands, near Windsor -

Robert Mackreth, Esquire, Houses in Jermyn Street and St. James's Street Sir Joseph Banks, Ban.net, the Manor of Wyberton, Lincolnshire Wm. Dowson and others, several Farms in the Manor of Rosedale, Yorkshire Isaac Dunn and others, several other Farms in Rosedale -

£ s. d. 5.5 16 8 87 1 2

7 3 4 105 14 — 162 — — 202 — 6

£699 *5 8

Appendir. to Twelfth Report, N® 24* 25. 26.

It is true that the Charge which is. commonly made for soliciting or passing a Crown Lease, is not Part of the Official Expence of it; but the employing an Agent is rendered in some Degree necessary, by the complicated and circuitous Course of the Proceedings, and it must, therefore, be reckoned amongst the Expences incident to the present System.

These complicated Forms being known to few Persons but those concerned in them, the Leases are commonly solicited or passed by Persons holding Offices connected with the Revenue. The acting Surveyor of the Crown Lands, the Deputy Auditors, and One of the Receivers, mention the Profits of soliciting Leases as Part of the Emoluments of their Situations: It is evident, however, that they are not Official Perquisites, the Lessee being at Liberty to transact the Business himself, or to employ any Agent he may think proper.

Many Years since, the Subject of Fees on Crown Leases engaged the Attention of the Board of Treasury, and some Steps were taken with a View to remedy the Evil. In the Year 1724, John Pulteney, Esquire, then newly appointed Surveyor Gnneral of the Crown Lands, represented to the Treasury, " that " the great Charge of passing Exchequer Leases, made " it impracticable for several Crown Tenants, whose " Holdings were of small Yearly Value, to renew " their Leases, so that they continued their Possessions

12

" after their Terms were expired, paying only the " old reserved Reuts, which for the most Part " amounted to . no more than bare Acknowledgments; whereby the Fines that might arise from " those Estates were lost to the Crown." The Lords of the Treasury directed the Subject to be enquired into; and appointed Mr. , jointly with

Mr. Scrope, One of their Secretaries, to confer with the rest of the Officers concerned in the granting of Leases, and to consider by what Means small Estates not exceeding £. 20 per Annum might be leased, with little Charge to the Lessees. After sundry Meetings with the Auditors, the Clerk of the Pipe, and Clerk of the Leases, all of whom delivered in Tables of their Fees, Mr. Pulteney and Mr. Scrope made a Report of their Proceedings to the Lords of the Treasury, in which they took Notice of various Expedients which had been adopted, at different Times, to lessen the Charge of leasing small Estates. They mentioned Tw'o Precedents, One of a Warrant from the Treasury, in 1692, authorizing the Auditor of Cumberland to grant Leases of certain Estates in that County; and the other of a Sign Manual of Queen Anne, in 1705, empowering the Auditor of Wales to grant Leases of Tenements in that Division, not exceeding the Value of 5 os.per Annum. They mentioned also some Instances where, to save the Charge of separate Leases, several small Estates had been comprized in One Lease; and they

ppendix, N* 16.

N* 17.

Twelfth

Report,

h.32.

fk.J-2.

33 Geo. III. x 28° Martii. 571

they concluded with observing, that if the Officers in Times prior to the present Century, may be very ill Seventeenth Report concerned in the passing of Crown Leases should take adapted to the present Days. on Lend Revenue.

no more or other Fees for every such Lease (though When the common Rate of Interest was very high,v ----- ----- ----- s ----- -'

the Premisses might consist of different Parcels, pro- when Money was scarce, and Credit low, when the vided they were the sole Property of the Lessee) than Crown Lands furnished the Chief Source of Revenue, what were mentioned in their respective Tables of and the Anticipation of the Rents was the readiest Fees; and if such small Estates as separately did not Means of Supply in Cases of Public Exigency, it was exceed the clear Yearly Value of £.20, nor together not unwise or extraordinary to accept of a Fine, small exceeded 100 per Annum, should be granted by One in Proportion to the Rent agreed upon, or, in other general Lease, where it might be practicable, they Words, to discount Interest at a high Rate, in order hoped that the Charge might be so far lessened as to receive ready Money, instead of a Revenue which might answer the Intent of their Lordships Order in was, in Part, distant, and therefore exposed to Risk; that behalf. but, in the present Age, when the Rate of Interest is

We have inserted in the Appendix a Copy of the low, when there is great Plenty of Money, and no Proceedings on that Occasion; and shall only observe, Public Exigency requires such a Sacrifice, the conti-that on comparing the Table of Fees referred to in nuing to take low Fines, after the Reasons for doing^so that Report with a List of the lowest Fees now taken have ceased, cannot be so well accounted for. for Crown Leases, they appear to have been increased The Management of the Woods and Forests, and at every one of the Offices; the Charges which were that of the Crown Lands, are both exceedingly waste-then £. 29, being now raised to £. 38. 1 5j. exclusive of ful; but the Causes of the Waste are very different:

Stamp Duty and Agency; and that the only Regula- In the First, great Abuses on the Part of the subordi-tion proposed in that Report, if it ever took Effect nate Officers, and great Extravagance in the execu-

(namely that of restraining the taking of additional tion of the Works carried on by them, have arisen Fees for separate Parcels comprized in One Lease, and from Neglect, and Want of Checks, or any regular belonging to the same Lessee, and which is mentioned System of Proceeding; but, in the latter, we have found to have been practised at that Time only in the Offices no Examples of Misconduct in the subordinate Offi-of the Auditor, and the Pipe) has since been broken cers, and the great Waste is in the System itself, through, as well in those Offices, as in that of the Every Thing is done exactly according to the Direc-Treasury and the Surveyor General. tions given; and the Fault is in the Direction, and not

According to the annexed Return from the Sur- in the Execution, veyor General's Office, the Number of Leases granted The great Loss arising from this System, we have Twelfth from His Majesty's Accession to the Year 1786 was shewn to be chiefly occasioned by the Practice of grant- Report,

712, being somewhat more than 27 Leases Yearly. Of ing Renewals of Leases as often as desired by the Les- 3*> that Number, such a Proportion was charged with sees, and frequently when only a small Part of the Term Double, Triple, and higher Fees, as made the Amount is elapsed; and by discounting at a high Rate of Inte-equalto single Fees for 1,041 Leases; from which rest in computing the Fines.

some Idea may be formed of the Magnitude of the The Fees for Crown Leases have an obvious Ten-Expence. dency to increase this Evil. It is for the Interest of the'

In our Report on the demised Estates, we have Officers who receive them to recommend frequent shewn that, according to the System which has been Renewals; and in consequence of the Solicitation Fees, followed, only One Eighth Part of the Value at which in particular, the Officer becomes the Agent of the they were estimated oh granting the Leases, is paid for Lessee, and has a Joint Interest with him in endeavour-in Rent, and Seven Eighth Parts of it is taken in ing to obtain what it is contrary to the Interest of the Fines; that the Rent of that One Eighth Part amount- Crown to grant.

ed to/. 13,662. 6 s. 5 d.; and that the Fines on the The Fees are, indeed, so considerable a Burthen and Seven Eighths, on an Average of the same Period, from Inconvenience, that the Fines which would be payable 1760 to 1786, had only produced £. 183,995. 17 s, 4//. for Estates of small Value are entirely exhausted by or' £. 7,078. 6 s. Annually; the Rents and Fines toge- them, and remitted on that Account. There are even ther amounting to £. 20,740. 12 s. 5 d. per Annum. Examples of Estates being held over because they are If the whole Value had been paid in Rent, the An- not of sufficient Value to bear the Expence of an Ex-nual Income, even according to the moderate Rate at chequer Lease; and, according to the Rules which which the Estates are valued, would have been Eight appear to be followed in the different Offices, this is a Times the Sum first mentioned, or £. 109,298. 1 is.4 d.Mischief which, under the present System, must probeing £.88,557. 18 s. 1 id. per Annum more than the gressively increase.

Amount of the Fines and Rents which they as present If an Estate be divided, and Two or more Leases yield. It is necessary, however, to deduct from this granted of it, separate Fees are, of course, charged for Sum an Allowance for Interest, the Fine being an Anti- those Leases; but if the separate Parts of an Estate cipation of what would not be so soon received iq Rent; once divided, or any Two or more different Estates, but the Allowance to be made on that Account we should be comprized in One Lease, the same Fees have shewu in that Report*, to be only £.7,722. 8 s.9 d.would be charged for it, in several of the Offices, as per Annum\ and this being deducted from the above for separate Leases.

Sum of £. 88,557. 1 id. leaves £. 80,835. IQ*, ad. From the Account we have given of the Forms ob-

which is the real Difference to the Crown between the served in passing a Crown Lease, it appears that the Annual Value of the demised Estates, as estimated on Business is, at different Stages, brought Four Times granting the present Leases, and the Sum of Rent' before the Lords of the Treasury, Twice before the and Fines actually received; and that Sum may be Chancellor of the Exchequer, Three Times through considered as Annually lost, by the strange System the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, which has been followed in the Management of the Twice through that of the Auditor, and Twice through demised Estates of the Crown, without reckoning any the Office of the Pipe; and at each of these Stages Thing for the additional Value at which the Estates something is done upon it which seems to be material, might probably be estimated on a new Survey. All this Interference of great Offices, before the very

It is true that this System is no modern Contrivance, simple Transaction of granting a Lease, sometimes of but that affords no Reason for its being suffered to little Value, can be completed, has, on a superficial continue longer, View, the Appearance of much Regularity, and Care

Plans of Management which might be very prudent for the Public Safety; but what we are now to state Vol. 48. will

28° Martii.

A. 1793.

Seventeenth Report will shew, that from the Want of any Connection or v°" Land Revenue.^ Communication between the Offices of the Surveyor ,v General, the Auditor, and the Pipe, they form no Check on each other, and afford no Sort of Security against Errors in their Proceedings.

When the Fine to be paid on granting a Lease of any of the demised Land Estates is computed, the Surveyor General makes a Deduction of the Whole of the Land Tax actually paid for the Estate granted; but though it hasnot been unusual for the Surveyor General to state the Allowance of Land Tax in his Report, it has not been the Practice of that Officer to specify, either in the Re-' port or Rate, that the Rent to be reserved should be a net Rent; and consequently the Officers of the Pipe, where the Lease is prepared, having no Knowledge that such Deduction has been made, the Rent reserved is not expressed in the Lease to be a net Rent, as it evidently ought to be. The Lease is inrolled with the Auditor, who puts the Rent in Charge, to' be collected by the proper Receiver; but having no Information of the Deductions or Allowances made by the Surveyor General, in computing the ' Fines, or fixing the reserved Rents, he gives no particular Instruction to the Receiver General concerning such Rents; and the Receiver, in the common Course of his Business, and in Conformity with the Provisions in the Land Tax Act, allows a Deduction of 4$. in the Pound to the Payer of every Rent of to or upwards, not expressed in his Instructions from the Auditor to be a net Rent; and that Deduction is accordingly allowed to the Receiver on his passing his Account before the Auditor.

The Amount of the Rents of the Land Estates of the Crown, upon which a double Allowance of Land Tax is thus made, is from £.7,500 to £.8,000; and the Loss to the Public is 4 s. in the Pound on that Sum, being £. 1,500, or £. 1,600, per.

It appears, therefore, that the Business passing through so many unconnected Offices, instead of answering any useful Purpose, is the Cause of this Loss; for had all the different Parts of the Business been trans- acted by Officers acting in Conjunction, or even by

One Officer only, 'Land Tax could not have been twice allowed without intentional Fraud, for which the managing Officer would have been responsible.

To those who have not had Occasion to trace the History of the Landed Property of the Crown from

an early Period, it must seem difficult to conceive by what Means so extraordinary a System of Management, as that which we have described, should ever have been established, and more particularly that it should have become worse in modem Times, when so much Attention has been given to-every other Source of Public Revenue.

We have, in former Reports, pointed out Circumstances, to which some of the Defects in this unwise System may be, perhaps, justly imputed.

We have shewn in those Reports that, in former Times, the Care and Improvement of the Landed Property of the Crown was thought deserving of the Attention of Government, and that no Part of the Management was left to a single Officer. There were generally Two Surveyors of the Woods and Forests, in Conjunction with whom the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands acted, in the Business of their Department; and that Officer was, himself, under the immediate Superintendance and Controul of the Lords of the Treasury: But at the Beginning of the present Century, when the greater Part of the Estates had been granted away, and the Civil List Act of Queen Anne had restrained the Crown from farther Alienation, less Attention appears to have been given to the Land Revenue. The Co-operation of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands in the Management of the Forests was discontinued; and the Woods and Forests were left to the Management of a single Officer, without any effectual Controul, as the demised Estates of the Crown were to the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands.

This System of Management appears, therefore, not to have been the Effect of Contrivance or Desigu, but merely of Neglect. It is the Remainder of the antient System, after being deprived of all the Checks upon the Conduct of the Officers, which the Wisdom of former Times had devised, for securing their Attention to the Protection and Improvement of the Property. A

The Principles which we have kept in View in forming the Plan which we are now, with great Deference, to propose for the better Management and Improvement of the Landed Property of the Crown, are.

1st. That the Whole of that Property should be under the Care of different superintending Officers, who should act in Conjunction in the Management, so as to form Checks on the Conduct of each other. '

2d. That the Estates should be clearly ascertained, so as distinctly to shew what the Officers to be entrusted with the Management are responsible for.

3d. That all Documents necessary to shew the Rights of the Crown in its Estates, or Copies of them, should be collected in One Place, and distinctly arranged, so as to be easily referred to.

4th. That all the Fees, Perquisites, Gratuities, and Poundages, taken by the Officers in this Department, should be abolished; that every Officer should be paid by a Salary, Quarterly, and free from any Deduction; and that they should act on Oath.

5th. That useless Offices should be suppressed, and useless Forms discontinued; and lastly,

6th. That Reports, signed by all the superintending Officers, should be made to Parliament, at stated Periods, in which a full Account should be given of their Proceedings, of the Improvements made, and at what Expence.

For carrying these Principles into Effect, we hum-lily recommend that there should be appointed Three Commissioners, to act as a Board, in the Direction and Superintendance of the Whole of the Business relating to the Landed Property of the Crown.

The Functions of die Offices of Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, and Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests, would, of Course be transferred to that Board; and to those Offices should be added that of a Comptroller.

The Whole of their Proceedings should be under the Controul of the Lords of the Treasury. The sole

Power of granting Leases, of authorizing the cutting of Timber or Wood, or performing Works in the Forests, by which any Expence is to be incurred, should remain vested, as it now is, in the Board of Treasury; but the previous Surveys, Examinations, Estimates, and Reports, on which the Orders of the Treasury for any such Proceeding should be founded, as well as the execution of those Orders, should be committed to the Board of Commissioners, instead of being left, as each separate Part has hitherto been, to a single Officer; and though, for the sake of Regularity and Dispatch in the execution of the Business,

it

it may be found necessary that each Commissioner should take a distinct Part of it, as the Object of his particular Attention, yet all the Members of the Board should be held mutually responsible for every Part of the Business under their Care.

The present Form of Leases from the Crown is by . Letters Patent under the Seal of the Court of Exchequer. The Lease is expressed to he granted by His Majesty, " by and with the Advice of the Chancellor " of the Exchequer, and the rest of the Commissioners " of the Treasury," all of whom are named in every Lease. No Counterpart is executed by the Lessee; and Objections have, on that Account, been made to this Form of Lease, Doubts being entertained whether the Lessees are bound by Covenants in Leases, which are, in Fact, not executed by them.

Instead of the Mode of granting Leases which has been described, we would humbly recommend, that they should be made by Indenture, between the King and the Lessee; that if the Lords of the Treasury, on considering the Report of the Commissioners on any Application for a Lease, shall determine that it should be granted, a Warrant should be issued to the Commissioners to prepare the same; and the Lease, after being signed by the Commissioners, should be transmitted to the Treasury, for the Signature of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Two other Lords of the Treasury, and for an Order to the proper* Officer to affix the Seal of the Exchequer, on the Production of a Certificate from the Commissioners, in Cases where a Fine is payable, that it has been paid* From him the Lease should be returned to the Office of the Commissioners, to be delivered to the Lessee, on his executing a Counterpart to remain in that Office; and the Lease should be inrolled with the proper Officer in the Court of Exchequer.

As the preparing of the Lease, and all the previous Proceedings, would be the Business of Persons receiving Salaries from the Public, we would recommend that the taking of any Fee or Perquisite for a Lease should be strictly prohibited; and that the Lessee should be put to no other Charge than that of the Stamp Duty and the final Inrollment of the Lease.

The Tenants of the Crown have hitherto had the Liberty of transferring their Leases, on the sole Con-Appendix to dition of inrolling the Assignment in the Office of Twelfth lte- the Auditor, and entering a Minute or Docquet of it port, N" 25. in that of the Surveyor General of Crown Lands. The Charge for the Inrollment is i. lb s. 8 Skin (except in the Bailiwick of St. James, where it is £. i.- 3.9. 4 d.)and for entering a Docquet a Fee of a Guinea is taken. These Fees, in Addition to the ordinary Law Charges, render the transferring of Crown Leases very expensive to the Tenants.

It is, undoubtedly, necessary that those who are entrusted with the Management and Protection of the demised Estates of the Crown, and whose Duty it is to take Care that every Covenant in the Lease be fulfilled, should at all Times know in whose Occupancy every Estate is. If the Practice of taking Fines should be discontinued, and Estates should be let at Rents nearly equal to their Value, it will naturally become a Question, Whether the Liberty of assigning without special Licence should 4je allowed; but every Transference of a Lease, whether with or without Licence, and whether by Assignment or by Will, should be entered in the Office of the Commissioners, and the Charge of those Entries should be limited to some very moderate Payment, in Proportion to their Length.

This Expence should be paid by the Tenant, the Transference being entirely for his Accommodation, and of no Advantage to the Crown; nor* is there, on the Part of the Crown, the same Objection to a Charge Vol. 48.

of this Nature, as there is to the Payment of Fees for a Seventeenth Report Lease. Every Expence on' the granting of a Lease falls kind Revenue^ upon the Crown, because the greater that Expence is, v -

the less Rent or Fine will be given for the Estate; but, at the Time of assigning a Lease; the Rent having been previously ascertained, and the Fine paid, the Expence falls entirely upon the Tenant.

In tire Office of those Commissioners should be kept and arranged not only the Entries, Counterparts, and Assignments of all Leases, but all Surveys and other written Documents tending to shew the Rights of the Crown in any of its Estates, or Copies of them, where any Objection arises to the Removal of the Originals from the Places where they are deposited. Distinct Calendars should be made of those Documents, and Registers of all Grants containing any Remainder or Limitation in favour of the Crown. The Writings relative to the Estates of the Crown are, at present, dispersed through many different Offices of Record, and Repositories of Public Papers; and much of our Time has been taken up, and a considerable Expence incurred, in searching for them.

Perhaps the only Argument against the Management of Business by Means of a Board, which merits much Consideration, is that the Number of the Members has the Effect of lessening, in some Degree, their Personal Responsibility; and the principal Objection to the intrusting the Management of Business to a single Officer is the Want of proper Checks upon his Conduct. The Plan we have proposed, by which, though each Commissioner would take a separate Part of the Business under his particular Care, all must co-operate in the Management, would, we apprehend, obviate those Objections, unite the Advantages of both Kinds of Management, and provide Checks on the Conduct of the Officers, without lessening their Responsibility: The Members would not be so numerous as to impede Business, or create Confusion, by a great Variety of Opinions; at the same Time that the Number would be sufficient for the Management of the Whole that would be under their Care.

We propose next to consider the Method of collecting the Rents of the Land Revenue, and of drawing the Money out of the Hands of the Receivers; and to suggest such Alterations in the Mode of Collection, and in the Forms of Proceeding, as in our Opinion, would be for the Public Benefit.

The Revenues arising from the Landed Estates of the Crown appear, in very early Times, either to MadJJox, Lord have been paid into the Exchequer by the Persons who Hale, Chief possessed the Estates, or to have been collected by Baron Gilbert, the Sheriffs of Counties, who were considered as the King's Bailiffs, and by them accounted for to the Exchequer.

The Revenues collected by the Sheriffs were of Two Kinds, the First arising from the Demesne Lands of the Crown, and the Second consisting of certain Rents called Viscontiel Rents, with other Branches of Revenue, which it is not necessary here to particularize, as they do not come under our Consideration in this Report.

In this Manner the Land Revenue appears to have been collected, until the Reign of Henry the VUIth; but when that King had seized the Estates of the Church, it was judged necessary to appoint new Officers for 27 H. VIII. the Management of the vast Property he had so suddenly c> 27- ,2R-acquired. With that View the Court of Augmentations, *Viii* and the Court of General Surveyors, were established, 33 h. VIII. and afterwards, instead of them, another Court of C. 39. Augmentations: And the Sheriffs, and their Officers, fjrs^rfat> 3#-were forbid to intermeddle with the Revenue for 7 Ed. VI. C. 2. the Management of which those Courts were instituted.

7G The

574 28° Martii. A< 1793.

Seventeenth Report The several Counties of England were divided into ^on Land Revenue.^ Twenty-One Districts, and in each District a Receiver was appointed: But the far greater Part of the Estates seized by Henry the Vlllth having been alienated before his Death, the Court of Augmentations, consisting of a Number of great Officers, and supported i jjaiy> q 1Q> at great Expence, was deemed no longer necessary, and was soon after abolished. The Receivers, however, who were subordinate Officers of the Court of General Surveyors, were continued notwithstanding those Changes, and were made accountable for the Revenues Which they collected, in the Exchequer, to which Court all the Functions of the Court of Augmentations were transferred.

The Land Revenue having been still farther impaired in subsequent Reigns, the Number of the Receivers was gradually lessened. Different Districts were united, and put under the Charge, of One Officer. The Audi-Twelfth Report, tors, who were Seven in Number until the Beginning of l‘a- the present Century, were then reduced to Three; and

there have been, for many Years past, only Thirteen Receivers for the Whole of England, except,

One for North Wale, and another for South Wales with Monmouth.

The Rents of the whole Land Revenue, except those called Viscontiel Rents, are in Charge before those Three Auditors, of whom One is for the Four Counties of Chester, Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, where the Rents received amount to about 1,942, and the Net Produce to £. 1,075; another for all the remaining Counties in England, except Monmouth, in which the Rents amount to about 13,799 and the

Net Produce to £. 6,737; and a Third for the Principality of Wales with Monmouth, where the Rents amount to about £. 5,611, which are little more than sufficient to defray the Charges upon that Division.

Rentals of the Crown Rents in the several Divisions, as well Fee Farm as Leasehold, are delivered by the Auditors to the respective Receivers; and the Rents are thus, according to the Official Expression, put in Charge, in order to be collected.

7 Ed. VI. c. 1. By an Act of the 7th of Edward the Vlth, the Receivers of the King's Rents were required to account to the Auditor every Year, before the 10th of March; and to pay the Sums due from them to the Treasurers, or General Receivers, of the King's Courts of Revenue, Before the 20th of the same Month. It is now, however, and for a long Time has been, the Practice for the Receivers to pass their Accounts only Once in Three Years; but the Fees for stating and examining the Accounts are still charged for every Year, and, in the mean Time, the Money collected by them is drawn out of their Hands, by Debentures from the Auditors, in pursuance of Warrants from the Treasury, specifying the Sums, to whom payable, and for what Purposes.

At the usual Periods the Receivers render their Accounts to the Auditors, stating what Rents they have received, what are in Arrear, and what Sums they have paid. These Accounts are examined by the Auditors, and are made up in the usual Official Form; when, being sworn to by the Accountants, they are finally declared before the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

When the demised Estates, and Fee Farm Rents of the Crown, yielded a great Revenue, these Appointments might be necessary, and not more than adequate to the Duty to be performetj; but the Circumstances now are very different: The greatest Part of that Property has been granted away, and the Revenue arising from what remains is of so small Amount, as by no Means to require such an Establishment of Officers for the Collection of it

The Rents are at present collected more 'generally by Deputies, than by the Principal Receivers, and the Deputies for most of the Counties reside in London.

12

Such is the very general Intercourse between every Part of England and the Capital, that Rents are very commonly paid there, and with more Convenience to the Payers, than in the Country, where they might be called to attend an Audit, held by the Receivers at a Place distant from their own Habitations; and such are the Powers of a Receiver for the Crown in the Recovery of Rents not punctually paid, that, with proper Attention, they may command regular Payment. Mr. William Barrett, One of the Deputy Receivers, who has for many Years collected the Crown Rents in Thirteen different Counties, and Fee Farm Rents belonging to Individuals in Thirty-two Counties, and Mr. Robert Gray, the Deputy Receiver of Five Counties, both reside in London; and there are none of the Receivers more regular in the Transaction of their Business, or in whose Collection there are fewer Arrears. The Allowances they have from the principal Receivers are, in general, less than the Amount Appendix to of the Acquittance Fees, and the Poundage of 5 per T*el Cent.', and we have no Doubt, that they would wil- *>ort' lingly undertake the Collection of all the Rents payable to the Crown in England, for that Poundage and the Fees.

We are therefore humbly of Opinion, that when Vacancies shall happen in the Offices of the several Receivers, the Number may be gradually lessened; and the Increase in the Amount of the Poundage and Acquittance Fees will make up for the Loss of the Salary.

Or, as there are now in every County other Officers, namely the Receivers General of Land and Window Taxes, the Rents might be collected by them, with as much and perhaps, in some Instances, with more Convenience, and for the same Allowance of the Poundage and Acquittance Fees.

In either Way, the Whole of the Salaries paid to the Receivers would be saved to the Public.

No Part of the Land Revenue now remains in the Collection of the Sheriffs, except the Viscontiel Rents, which are in Charge in the Pipe; the Annual Amount Second Re-of which, answered by the Sheriffs, is no more than Port> Sche‘ £. 827. 11$. and of that Sum a considerable duleA*

Part is not actually received by them, but paid out of their own Pockets.

These Rents are accounted for in the Exchequer, with the Post Fines, and other Revenues received by the Sheriffs. A Part of them is paid into the Exchequer under the Name of Proffers: The rest is applied towards defraying the Expences of executing the Office, the Payment of Creation Fees to certain of the Nobility,

Salaries, and other Charges paid by the Sheriffs. If, as it generally happens, those Rents are insufficient to answer the Disbursements, the Surplus is paid to the Sheriffs out of the Exchequer; but if any Balance remains in their Hands, it is paid to the Surveyor of the Green Wax.

We now recommend, what indeed has already been proposed in our Report on Fee Farm Rents, that such sixteenth of the Viscontiel Rents as form Part of the permanent Report. Revenue of the Crown should be taken out of the Charge of the Sheriffs, and put under the Collection of the same Officers, who shall be entrusted with the Receipt of the Rents of the other Part of the Land Revenue.

We farther recommeDd, that instead of the present Practice of drawing out the Money from the Hands of the Receivers General, by Debentures, which is liable to much Delay and Inconvenience, the Persons who shall in future receive the Crown Rents should pass their Accounts of those Rents Annually before the Auditor, and pay the Amount received, after deducting the Allowance of 5 per Cent, within a limited Time, into the Bank of England; where also all Fines of Leases, and all the Money arising from the Produce of

575

©F the Fbrests should be paid, and from tvhence it Treasury, from Timd to Time, of the actual State Seventeenth Report may more conveniently be drawn, for any Purpose to of it. <*> Land Revenue.

which it is applicable, or be paid into the Exchequer. v — *

A Duplicate of the Annual Account of each Re- We shall now state, as nearly as we can, the Amount ceiver should be delivered to the Commissioners, to of the Salaries, Fees, and Perquisites, which would. enable them to lay periodical Accounts of that Part be abolished, in consequence of the Alterations we have of the Revenue before Parliament, and to inform the proposed:

Salaries, Poundages, Fees, and Perquisites of the Surveyor General of the Woods, about - - - - - - - *

Itinerant Deputy ——

General Resident Deputy - -

The Salaries and Allowances received from the Public by the £ d.

Surveyor General of the Crown Lands - - 1,165 11 —

Fees for Crown Leases, and other Proceedings in his Office - 574 18 10

£ s. d,

2,500 ——

300 ——

100 ——

1,740 9 lo

Fees for Leases paid at the several Offices of the Treasury, the Auditors, and Pipe, which, though received from Individuals, are a Charge on the Revenue, and, as nearly as we can compute, have been Annually about Annual Salaries and Payments to the Fifteen Receivers of the Rents

1,200 ——

1,863 6 3

7,703 16 1

The Articles of which this Sum is composed issue out of different Funds. An Annual Salary of £ 100 to the Surveyor General of the Woods, and £1,000 to the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, are paid at the Exchequer, out of the Civil List. The Fees and Poundages of the Surveyor General of the Woods, are drawn from the Produce of the Navy Timber and Wood Sales, and from Monies advanced out of the Land Revenue to defray Expences relative to the Forests and Parks. The Fees for Leases are a Deduction from the Fines, as the Salaries of the Receivers are from the Annual Rents.

There is paid back to the Public, by Taxes on the Salaries of the Surveyor General and Receivers, £ 263. l8*. which reduces the apparent Amount to £7,439. 18s. id. But, on the other Hand, the Loss of £ 1,500 or £1,600 per Ann, which we have mentioned to be sustained by the double Allowance of Land Tax on reserved Rents, being solely imputable to the present System of Management, may be added to the Expence of it, and would increase that Amount to£9,039. iSs. id.

The Fees and Advantages which would be discontinued, are those which arise on Business which it seems expedient to transfer to the proposed Board of Management, and such as have a Tendency prejudicial to the Interests of the Public. Of this kind are those on Proceedings for Crown Leases, and the Fees and Poundages on the Felling or Sale of Timber, and on Works of every Kind to be done in the Department of the Surveyor General of the Woods. There are also some other Fees taken in the Auditor's Office, which, being on a bad Principle, ought in our Opinion to be discontinued. Of this Kind are the Fees for filing Court Rolls of Manors, and Rentals and Particulars of Lands, which have an obvious Tendency to prevent the Delivery of those Rolls and Particulars; and the Debit and Quietus Fees on the reserved Rents, which, though small, are a Charge on the Tenant, and have a Tendency to lessen the Sum which might be offered for the Estate.

As the Auditors of the Land Revenue have the auditing of the Land Tax, and various other Public Accounts, besides those of the Crown Rents, and as a Compensation would, we presume, be given for such Emoluments as any Officer is justly entitled to, and would be deprived of by Regulations for the Benefit

Vol. 48.

of the Public, no immediate Advantage would arise to the Public from carrying the Regulation of Fees and Emoluments farther.

If it should, at any future Time, be deemed expedient to substitute some other Mode of auditing the Accounts of Taxes and Crown Rents, in lieu of that which now prevails, and that the Commissioners for auditing of Public Accounts, or any other established Office, otherwise paid for their Service, should be entrusted with the auditing of those Accounts of Taxes and Rents, a farther very considerable Saving would be made in the Management of the Land Revenue.

But as the Consideration of the Question whether such a Change would be expedient or not forms no Part of our Duty, we have confined the Alterations we have suggested to what appears to us to be expedient while those Offices exist.

If the Copyhold Estates in Manors belonging to the Crown shall be enfranchised, as we have advised, there T ,ft. „ will be still a farther Saving from the Abolition of the we *por ‘

O

Fees payable to the Stewards, on Admissions and Surrenders of those Estates. Though the Profits of the Stewards are, in some Instances, considerable, the Crown derives no Benefit from them; and the Patronage is of little Consequence; but the whole Expence of those Courts, and the Profits of the Stewards, are a Burthen on the Property, which the Tenant would, doubtless, have in View in treating for the Enfranchisement, and would be induced, from that Consideration, to

S' e the higher Price for it, because it would free his tate from that Incumbrance.

The antient Forms of Proceeding which we have advised to be discontinued, we have, in the first Place, shewn to be loose, complicated, and expensive, without contributing any Thing to the Public Security; and we perfectly concur in the Opinion given by Lord Hale concerning a Part of the Forms in the Offices of Revenue, that "the retaining the old Formalities of Proceeding, when the Nature of Things " and Times requires a Change, is a Piece of hurtiul " Superstition."

Instead of all the separate, unconnected Offices, under which detached Parts of the Business of the Land Revenue have been carried on, we have recommended the Institution of One simple, connected Establishment, in which the Officers would act in

Conjunction.

57 6

28° Martii:

A. 1793.:

Seventeenth Report Conjunction. ' Every Part of the Management and on I and Revenue. Execution would be under One superintending Board, v which would be responsible for the Whole, and would be able to lay clear, simple, and general Statements, periodically, before Parliament, of the whole Produce of the Landed Property of the Crown, the Expenditure upon it, and the Progress of the Improvement.

We have shewn that the present System of Management of the Woods and Forests is not only of the most wasteful Kind, but that it has One Defect, which, while it continues, leaves little Hope of Amendment. On every Change in the Office of Surveyor of the Woods which has happened during the present Century, the Surveyors General, or their Representatives, have retained all the Official Books and Documents which the Officer happened to be possessed of Thus, all the Benefit arising from past Experience has been lost; no Consistency of Proceeding has been observed; and each new Surveyor, beginning without Information . or Guide, has adopted whatever Plan of Management happened to suit his Fancy.

By the System which we have recommended for the Management of the whole Landed Property of the Crown, those Checks on the Conduct of the Officers, which were found to have such beneficial Effects in former Times, when they acted in Conjunction, would be restored: Books, Plans, Surveys, and written Documents, of every Kind, would be preserved: Such Plans of Improvement as have succeeded, as well as those which have failed, would be recorded: Each new appointed Officer would profit from the Information which his Predecessors had acquired: Regularity would be established in the Proceedings, and Uniformity in the . System of Management: The Rights of the Crown, in every Estate, being once known, would not again be lost sight of; and Attempts would hardly be made- to set up such‘ ill-founded Claims on the Public Property as the Neglect and Ignorance of the Officers of the Crown have, on many Occasions, suffered to gain ground, and finally to be confirmed by Length of Possession.

But it may not, perhaps, be too sanguine tp expect that Advantages of a more general Kind might be derived from such an Establishment. To every Person who considers the present State of this Country, it must appear obvious that the Improvements in Agriculture have not kept Pace with the Advancement in Manufactures and Commerce. The Population already exceeds what the Produce of the Land, in its present State of Cultivation, can supply; yet great Tracts of Land fit for Tillage remain uncultivated, and the greater Part of what is in Cultivation might be brought to a much higher State of Improvement.

" Of all the Ways in which a Capital can be em-Smith, Vol. II. " ployed,(says the Author of the Wealth of Nations)

l'a. 53 8vo. Ed. " that which is employed in Agriculture is, by far,

" the most advantageous to Society:" But the Advantages are not only greater, they are also more lasting, than those which spring from Manufactures or Commerce. Nor are they confined to the Improvement of the Land alone: The most robust Men, as well as the best Subjects, are those employed in Agriculture.

These Circumstances would seem to merit the Attention of Government. Some new Encouragement is, perhaps, necessary to be given to the Extension of Cultivation, or some Hindrance to it to be removed.

The Difficulty and the Expence attending the Division of Lands in which there is any Mixture of Rights, certainly tends to impede the Improvement of Wastes, and Common Field Lands. But it "requires much mature Consideration to devise Means

which will be effectual for the Remedy of that Evil, without doing Injustice to Individuals.

Though Improvements in Manufactures have generally met with more Encouragement from Government than those in Agriculture, they, perhaps, require it less. There are, indeed, obvious Causes for the Progress of the former being more rapid than that, of the latter. Every Discovery which enables a Manufacturer to diminish the Price, or improve the Quality of his Manufacture, must be adopted by others employed in the same Branch, or they must lose their Customers; but a Farmer may be. able to continue to pay his Rent, and support his Family, by following the Course of Husbandry he has been, accustomed to, though other Farmers may gain more by adopting a better System. Some of the Modes which have been followed, of cultivating Wastes, and improving Lands, have been extremely advantageous, while others have been attended with Loss to the Adventurers; and though there are numerous Publications on Agriculture, and some of great Merit, in which those different Modes have been described, it is not easy for Farmers, particularly those in remote Situations, to know which may be relied on; and it cannot be expected that if the Success be not very well authenticated, they will be induced to employ much of their Capital on new Projects, or to relinquish the Course which they, have long practised.

Under a permanent Institution of the Kind we have recommended, consisting of Officers whose chief Object would be to discover the best Means of rendering Landed Property valuable, and who would have the Advantage of long and extensive Experience in the Management of Land of every Kind, and in every Part of the Country, not only might the Management of the Estates of the Crown become, in; Time, more perfect than is common in private Property, but Means might suggest themselves, by which the Obstructions to the Cultivation of Land, which we have mentioned, might be lessened, or removed: Improvements in Agriculture, and in the Methods of raising Timber, might be discovered; and the Knowledge of them diffused; so as to be of general Benefit to the Country.

We have now concluded the Investigation in which we have been employed, and have presented to the Legislature Seventeen Reports of our Proceedings, besides One Special Report to the House of Lords.

In those Reports we have taken Notice of various Circumstances by which our Progress has been retarded, and our Researches rendered difficult and laborious.

From the Nature of the Subjects of our Enquiry, some of which had before been little investigated, and the Variety of Matter which it became necessary to take into Consideration, our Reports have run into great Length. To save Trouble, therefore, to those who may have Occasion to refer to them, we have thought it right to add a full Index, in the Nature of a Table of Contents, Alphabetically arranged.

From that Index may be very easily found whatever Information we have been able to acquire, concerning the Landed Property of the Crown in antient Times, and the Changes which it has undergone, the State in which we found it, the Nature of the Management, the Alterations we have recommended, and the Improvement which, in our Opinion, may be expected from them; and also the Result of oiur Enquiries concerning the State of the Oak Timber in this Country, the Quantity required for Naval Purposes, and the Means of Supply.

We

33 Geo. III. 28° Marti,. 577

We have, indeed, said that we would give, at the End Increase of Revenue* the Object will probably be Seventeentl Rej»ort of our Report on this Management of the Land Revenue, attained of providing a Security against the Danger of a von ^evenu!

a general View of the Measures we have proposed, , and Scarcity of Timber for the Supply of the Navy.

the Advantages in Point of Revenue, which, in our We have shewn also, that, from the Commencement Opinion, may be derived from carrying them into Effect; of the present Reign, the Fee Farm Rents have pro-and this may be done in a very few Words. duced a very small, uncertain, and decreasing Income;

We have recommended that the Sale of all Rents that the Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases have been, which are really dry, fixed, and unimproveable, should upon the Whole, a Source of Expence; and that, in-be continued, and the Produce of the Sale invested, stead of yielding any Revenue whatever to the State, all as hath hitherto been done, in the Public Funds; that that they have produced has been laid out upon them, the Copyhold Estates in Manors belonging to the and a very great Sum besides, taken from the Produce Crown, from which very little Revenue is derived, of the Crown Land Revenue. In order to bring the when compared with the real Value, should be en- Whole into One View, we now give, in the Appendix, Appendix,

franchised, where the Tenants may be willing to pur- a General Statement, comprehending the Produce from N» 18,

chase the Enfranchisement on fair Terms; that the 1760 to 1786, of all the Three Branches of Fee Farm Manerial Rights in those Manors where the Crown Rents, Woods and Forests, and Crown Lands, from has Quit Rents, or Cppyhold Lands, but no Demesne which it will appear that, deducting what has been ex-Lands, should be sold, with the Quit Rents which pended on them, and on the Forests, Parks, and Chases, are Parcel of those Manors annexed to them; that which were not under our Enquiry, they have yielded a where the Rights preserved in any Forest are found clear Revenue of no more than 6,133/. 4 4 d.

to be of little Advantage to the Crown, they should Annum.

be sold to the Persons oyer whose Estates they extend; From the Nature and Value of the Landed Pro-and in order to put an End to a Mixture of Rights, perty of the Crown, and the little Benefit which

which prevents the Land from being brought to the appears to have been derived from it during the

State of Improvement it is capable of, we have pro- present Century — from the wasteful Management posed, at the same Time, Plans of Division and under which it has been kept, the Claims upon it,

Settlement, in case an adequate Price should not be which, though originally ill founded, have been esta-offered for exonerating those Estates from the l'orestrial blished, or are in Danger of being established, by long Rights: The Price of the Quit Rents, and of the Ma- Possession, the Incroachments which have been made, nerial and other Rights which may be sold, to be laid the rapid Decrease of the Timber in the Forests, and out in the Purchase of Freehold Land, but invested, the Danger cf an approaching Want for the Supply in the mean Time, in the Public Funds, until a de- of the Navy, we apprehend no Doubt can remain sirable Purchase shall be found. On the other Hand, that it was wise in Government to institute the En-that those Forests in which the Crown has preserved quiry in which we have been employed, and that a any valuable Share of the Property, and which are speedy Reform in the Management of the Landed conveniently situated, should be kept, and improved, Property of the Crown is necessary. Whether our as Nurseries for the Growth of Timber, to supply Endeavours, and the Result of them, stated in our the Navy; and that the demised Estates of the Crown Reports to the Legislature, have been such as to should be retained, altering, however, the Mode of answer the Public Object in our Appointment, it is not Management, and taking Rent, and no Fines, for for us to judge of We shall only venture to say that Lands, and for Houses the greater Part in Rent, and the Length of Time which has been spent in the Inves-Fines only for a small Part of the estimated Value, on tigation has not been a Consequence of Remissness on granting future Leases. - our Part, but of Difficulties which we were not able

These are the Heads of the Plans for the Disposal sooner to overcome; and that our Enquiries have been or Improvement of the Property of the Crown, which made without Prejudice or Partiality, are given at large in our Reports. The Benefit to the In stating what appeared to us to be the Rights of the

Public which may be expected to result from them, is Crown, we have, on every Occasion, avoided any Sug-

a Matter which, however likely to be very important, gestions which might give rise to vexatious Questions; does not admit of being exactly ascertained. Its Extent and have proposed amicable Modes of Settlement of must necessarily depend on the future Prosperity of the every doubtful Claim; and a Separation, for the mutual Country, and the Value of Money. Benefit of the Crown, and of Individuals, of every

If the remaining Fee Farm Rents shall be disposed mixed Right which might lead to Disputes, or impede of at Thirty Years Purchase, being the Rate at which Improvement.

single Rents have hitherto been sold, the Sum of In the Examination into the Conduct of the Officers Three per Cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities pur- entrusted with the Care of this Property, we have chased with the Produce of the Sale, may be increased considered, with great Indulgence, every Practice, to about 400,0001. If the Metropolis shall continue however pernicious, which appeared to have been of to increase, and shall be extended over any consi- long Standing. Where Officers have merely received derable Part of the Lands belonging to the Crown those Advantages which had been taken by their Prenear to it, as it has already been over.adjoining Lands decessors, we nave looked upon it as a Consequence of not more conveniently situated, and if the Value of the Relaxation of Government, which suffered such the Produce of Land shall continue as high as it has Abuses to continue; and have not imputed it to In-been of late Years, all which it seems reasonable to dividuals, from whom a Reform was not to be ex-expect, the Produce of the Forests and demised Estates pected. We have thrown Blame on those Officers of the Crown will gradually increase; and we think it only by whom new abuses have been introduced, or not too sanguine to suppose that the Income to be former Perquisites have been increased, derived from the whole Property which has been under The great Objects of our Appointment, and which our Enquiry, comprehending the Crown Lands, the we have uniformly kept in View, have been to suggest Forests, and the Dividends of Stock purchased with the the Means of providing a Supply of Timber for the Price of Fee Farm Rents, may, finally, rise to 400,000l. Navy of this Kingdom, by the Improvement of the per Annum. Royal Forests; and to propose, according to the In-

We have shewn that the Expence of inclosing and tention of the Civil List Act of Queen Anne, such 1 Anne, c. 7. planting in the Forests will be defrayed by the Sale Measures for " the Increase of the Land Revenue of of Trees, which must be removed to make Way for " the Crown, as that the Burthen upon the Estates the Improvements proposed; and that, besides this " of the Subject may be eased and lessened, in all future

Voj.. 48. 7 H Provisions

Seventeenth Report " Provisions to be made for the Expences of the on Land Revenue. " Civil Government."

' ----- -^---- J But what relates to the Improvement of the Land

Estate of the Crown is so closely connected with the

feneral Improvement of the Country, that we have een led into an Investigation of Subjects which perhaps, strictly speaking, were not within the Limits of our Commission. Finding this unavoidable, we have given our Opinions with Freedom, and stated, as clearly as we were able, the Principles on which they are founded.

Cha‘ Middleton, (l. s.) Land Revenue Office, Jn° , (l. s.)

Scotland Yard, John Fordyce, (l. s.)

March 28th, 1793,

APPENDIX.

V Page

1. The Return of Messrs. Oliver and James Farrer, to the Commissioners of the

Land Revenue, as to the Establishment of the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods ----- -- 579

2. Computation of the Average Amount of the Surveyor General's Poundage on

Wood Sales in Dean Forest, Nezv Forest, and Aticeholt and Woolmer Forest, and of his Perquisites of Chip Money in New Forest, and on Cord Wood in Dean Forest, from 1760 to 1780 - 580

3. Letter from John Hosier, Esquire, Deputy Auditor, to the Commissioners of the

Land Revenue, relative to the swearing to the Accounts of the Surveyors General of the Woods, and the Allowance of Salaries paid to Deputies by the late Surveyor General ----- ----- 580

4. A State of the Sums directed to be raised by the Surveyors General of His Majesty's

Woods, by Sales of Timber and Wood in His Majesty's Forests of Dean, New Forest, and Aliccholt and Woolmer Forest, by virtue of divers Warrants, and of the Sums raised and accounted for in pursuance thereof - - - 581

5. Letter from John Robinson, Esquire, Surveyor General of the Woods, to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; with Returns from his Deputies in the Forests relative to Fees and Perquisites received by them ----- - 582

6. Fees payable at the Treasury on Proceedings for Crown Leases - - - - 585

7. D* - - at the Surveyor General's Office ----- -- 586

8. D* - - at the Auditor's Office ----- -- 581»

9. D* - - at the Pipe Office - -- 587

10. D* to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, his Secretary and Under Secretary - - 590

11. D* at the Exchequer, for Bill Money, and Tally, for a Fine for a Crown Lease - 590

12. Fees paid at the Treasury, in Six Instances of Crown Leases, in the Year 1786 - 590

13. The like at the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands - - - 591

14. The like at the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue - - - - 591

15. A State of the Fees paid at the different Offices for the said Six Leases - - 592

16. Order of the Lords of the Treasury, for the Surveyor General and Mr. Scrope to

consider of a Way to pass Crown Leases of small Estates at an easy Expence; with the Report of Mr. Pulteney and Mr. Sci'opc, dated 25th June 1724, and other Proceedings relative thereto ----- -- 593

17. A State of the Number of Crown Leases granted in each Year, from the 1st January

1761 to 31st December 1786; and of the Fees received in the Surveyor General's Office for the Proceedings thereon . 598

18. A General View of the Gross and Net Produce, from His Majesty's Accession to

the-End of the Year 1786, of the Forests, Crown Lands, and Fee Farm Rents, which have been under the Enquiry of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue 599

No i.

RETURN of Messrs. Oliver and James Farrer, to the Commissioners of the Land Revenue, as to the Establishment of the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods.

D

tn

n'

CD

Cl

CT

o

o

eg

rT

00

ANNUAL SALARIES AND ALLOWANCES.

s. d.

The Surveyor General's Patent Fee or Salary for the South of Trent - - - 50 — —

The like for the North of Trent - - - 50 ——

Deduction for Fees and Taxes

loo ——

33 2 —

His Allowance for Riding Charges, &c. 29 per Day, Sundays excepted ——

Salary of a General Deputy, resident in London -

This the late Mr. Pitt paid out of his own Pocket; but the Payments were, by virtue of a Warrant from the Lords of the Treasury, after his Death, allowed to his Executor.

Of late Years at? Itinerant Deputy was appointed, and the Lords of the Treasury ordered him to be paid -

This we always considered io the Nature of a Pension to the Person appointed.

Allowance for Stationary Wares -

Allowance for Two Deputies in New Forest, at 4 s. each per Day, Sundays excepted ——

The Surveyor General paid to an Acting Deputy -

The like in Dean Forest ——

Of late Years a Watchman was appointed, and paid

The like for One Deputy in Sherwood Forest -

Salary of thp Acting Deputy -Aliceholt and Woqlmer, and Bare Forests, Acting Deputy ——

WhitUewood and Sakey Forests -Windsor Forest ——

The late John Pitt, Esq. whilst Surveyor General, paid the Acting Deputies their Salaries; but at this Distance of Time we do not recollect which of them were allowed to him in making up his Accounts.

Surveyor <.> ml.

Deputies.

f 1 s* d* f. £ d»

66 18 —

313 ——

12 15 125 4

125 4

62 12

too —

300 ——

50 — 50 —

IO —

20 —

30

25

2$

FEE8 AND PERQUISITES TO THE SURVEYOR GENERAL.

5 per Cent, allowed on Navy Timber, Wood Sales, and Monies received by him from the LaRd Revenue, or otherwise.

5 per Cent, retained on all Expenditures for Works, and Salaries or other Payments made by him.

5. per Cent, was, in some Instances, retained by the Deputies on Wood Sales, but this Matter we cannot ascertain, or in what Instances Mr. Pitt received it from them.

Old Materials not fit for further Use, except where allowed to local Deputies; but the Receipts on this Account were, upon an Average, very trifling.

; There was, we believe, some Perquisite from Chips in New Forest, and from Cord Wood io Dean Forest, which we cannot now ascertain.

FEES AND PERQUISITES OF THE RESIDENT DEPUTIES.

£. 2. 2. for drawing every Report to the Treasury, presenting the same, and soliciting and entering the Warrants.

£. 3. 13. 6. for preparing an Indenture for the Annual Delivery of Navy Timber from New Forest.

Average Yearly Amount, about 45/,

The Average Annual Amount of the Salary and Perquisites was, we believe, never ascer--11 tained by the late Mr. Pitt; and we cannot now by any Means doit. At the Request of, and for Mr. Robinson, when he was appointed to the Office, we attempted to make a Calculation of the Annual Profits for or 5 Years then last past, which to the best of our Recollection amounted to about 2,300 Lor 2,400l. a Year; but we believe the Annual Average of what Mr. Pitt actually received; during the whole Time he was in Office, was not so much as 2,300l.

8

O

Pi

O

The above is the best Account we can give of the Establishment of the Office of the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woo A1

O. & J. Farrer,

id Forests.

C*

<0

nth January 1793.

28° Marti.

A. 1793.

SeventeenthReport on Land Revenue.

N#2.

COMPUTATION of the Average Amount of the Surveyor General's Poundage on Wood Sales in Dean Forest, New Forest, and Aliceholt and Forest, and of his Perquisites of Chip

Money in New Forest, and on Cord Wood in Dean Forest, from 1760 to 1786.

DEAN FOREST:

Wood Sales Bark -Stakes -

Bark of Navy Timber

£ s. 16,226 9 5i 1,236 16 12 4 — 2,650 1 5

£. s. d.

£20,125 11 2

5 per Cent on which is - - 1,006 5

3 d.per Cord on 22,430 Cords of Wood arising from Navy Timber - - 980 7

D* - - - on Cord Wood, Value 10,224/. 18$. arising on Wood Sales;

which, at the Price of 6s. 3per Cord, is 32,719 Cords - - 408 19

6

6

NEW FOREST:

Wood Sales und Bark

Tops and Bark of Navy Timber

£. s. d. 13,286 17 7 7,970 1 9

£21,256 19

5/. per Cent on which is -Chip Money, the Quantity of Navy Timber is 16,379 Loads 29 Feet Suppose on an Average One Tree to a Load and Half of Timber, the Number of Trees will be 10,919; and 2 per Tree on that Number is -

- 1,062 17

ALICEHOLT and WOOLMER FOREST:

1,091 18 —

Wood Sales -

Tops, Barks, &e. -of Naval Timber

4,23$ 3 —

706 14 5

5 per Cent, on which Is In 26 Years being per Annum

£.4,944 >7 5

£ s. d.

1,695 12 9

2A54 «5

247 4 10

4,097 12 7

157 >2 3

N# 3.

Gentlemen,

In Compliance *with the Request made in your Letter of the 25th Instant I heg to inform you that the Accompts of the Surveyors General of the Woods have been always sworn to by the Surveyor General, or by his Representative in case of his Decease; and that the under-mentioned Salaries, paid by John Pitt, Esq. deceased, late Surveyor General, have been allowed to his Executor, on passing his Accompts, pursuant to a Warrant for that Purpose from the Lords of the Treasury; viz.

Messrs. Farrer Mr. Blunt - Mr. Brian

- Deputy in London

- £100

D* - - Dean Forest -D* - - Aliceholt and I

Woolmer, and I - 30

Bere Forests J

- Whittlewood and Salcey Forests - 25

- Sherwood Forest 20

- Windsor Forest - 20

A Salary of 50/. per Ann. paid to Mr. Tombes, Deputy to the Surveyor General in New Forest, has lieen

allowed to the Surveyor General in the Accompt of that Forest for many Years last past.

Mr. Capes -Mr Clarke- Mr. Burn -

D*

D*

D*

I am,

Sirs,

Auditor's Office,

27th March 1793.

I he Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

Your most obedient Servant,

Jtf Hosier,

Dep. And*-

33 Geo. III.

28° Martii.

581

Seventeenth Report on Land Revenue.

N* 4-

A STATE of the Sums directed to be raised by the Surveyors General of His Majesty's Woods, by Sales of Timber and Wood in His Majesty's Forests of Dean, New Forest, and Aliceholt and Forest, by virtue

of the Warrants hereunder mentioned, and of the Sums raised and accounted for in pursuance thereof.

Dates of Warrants. For what Purpose issued. Sums directed to be raised. Sums actually raised, and accounted for.

IN DEAN FOREST: £. s. d. £. s. d.

18th October - 1768. For Repairs of Roads - i,477 i 2,052 3 1 i

6th November 1771. Inclosing 2,000 Acres as a Nursery for Timber 2,077 18 10 f 3,564 12 9

4th August - 1774. Repair of Roads - 884 15 8 1,456 16 gi

10th July - - 1781. Repair of Roads and Bridges 872 14 5 1,306 16 3 f

22d March - 1782. Turning an old, and making a new Road 1,107 18 — 2,635 6 —

NEW FOREST.

26th July - - 1775. Inclosure as a Nursery for Timber i,757 10 — 2,182 3 —

26th March - 1777. Works and Repairs at Ironshill Lodge - 496 1 6 661 8 3

20th November 1781. Works and Repairs at Bolderwood Lodge 712 7 4 1,248 6 4

22d March - 1782. D* - at the King's House at Lindhurst 524 »3 1 818 3 1

22d March - 1782. Divers Works and Repairs - 366 15 2 508 14 —

ALICEHOLT and WOOLMER FOREST:

21st July. - - 1724. Divers Works and Repairs in the said Forest 373 % 420

5th September 1728. Repairs of Lodges and Fences - o> 4* OO 1 980 — —

5th February 1732. Repairs in Aliceholt - 500 519 15 —

18th December 1735. Repairs in Aliceholt and Woolmer 935 18 — 1,506 10 —

24th May - - 1744. Repairs in Aliceholt and Woolmer 415 6 5 557 a 6

a £. 13,145 7 9 20,417 17 2

J»o Hosier,

Depr to James West, Esq. And', 27th Febry. 1793-

V01, 48.

7 I

28° Martii.

N- 5.

A. 1793.

gewBtcentfe Report on Land Revenue.

\_______ _______/

Office of Woods, &c.

Gentlemen, 27th February 1793.

BY the Incorrectness of the Returns which I have received from several of the Deputies and Agents under my Office, to the Orders I gave on your Letter to me for an Account of the Salaries, Fees, Perquisites and Emoluments received by me, or any Deputy or Agent employed under me, in executing the Business of my Department, pointing ant any Difference between those now received, and such as were usually taken before, or at the Time of my Appointment; and the Correspondence which has consequently arisen thereon; I have been delayed transmitting to you such Returns from my Deputies and Agents as I could think proper, and adapted to your Enquiries, until this Time; — I now submit all such Returns to you as I have been able to obtain, together with a Schedule of the Forests from which Returns have been made, and Remarks on those from which no Returns have been had.

I am,

With great Respect,

Gentlemen,

Your most obedient

The Commissioners of humble Servant,

the Land Revenue. John Robinson.

SCHEDULE of Forests from which Returns have been received, agreeable to the Orders given by

Mr. Robinson.

New Forest.

Dean Forest.

Whittlewood and Salcey Forests.

Holt, Woolmer, and Bere Forests.

Whichwood Forest.

Windsor Forest Sherwood Forest.

Waltham Forest - - No Return has been made, nor has the Old

Woodward been heard of at the Office for a long Time.

Mr. Cole - - Heretofore acting as Deputy Surveyor, has

made no Answer or Return.

EXTRACT of Letters from the Deputies in the respective Forests, in 4nswer to Mr. Robinson's Requisition to receive an Account of the Salaries, Fees, Perquisites, and Emoluments received by them, in executing the Business of his Department, pointing out any Difference between those ' now received, and such as were usually taken before or at the Time of his Appointment; and an Account of all Fees, Perquisites and Emoluments, accounted for or paid by them to the Surveyor General of Woods.

NEW FOREST:

Mr. Henry Tombes. — It is not in my Power to give you any further Information respecting the Salaries, Fees, Perquisites, and Emoluments, as your Deputy or Agent,' than what I have given in my Examination the 17th December <788, to which I am obliged to refer you.

Dr. Robertson, Greenwich Hospital. — Mr. Tombes having informed me that you had requested of him to make out the Forest Accounts, I beg Leave to acquaint you that he has been very ill, under my Care, and that he is not in a State of Health to do any Business.

NEW FOREST:

Mr. Mortimer. — I have not, since my Appointment, received or taken any Fee whatever, except One Shilling from the Purchasers of each Lot, at the Wood and Bark Sales, for drawing a Note for the Payment of the Lot at the Time appointed in the Conditions of Sale; and the Salary of 50/. per Annum will barely support Horses and Expences to do the Business of this Forest.

Mr. Mortimer. — I have not, since my Appointment, taken, received, or accounted for any Fees, Poundage, Perquisite, Profit, or Emolument whatever, for the Surveyor General of Woods; being informed by Mr. Tombes, late Deputy Surveyor, that I was to enter every Thing to Account, and not deduct Chip Money, or any Thing else, as formerly.

Mr. Mortimer. — Sinee my former Report, I have been informed, that Rhinefield Sands, Aldridge Hill, and Wilverly Inclosures, was formerly paid for looking after; but as no Repairs has been done, on Account of the Rabbits, I do Oppose nothing has been paid for some Time.

DEAN

33 Geo. III.

583

28° Martii.

DEAN FOREST: Seventeenth Report

on Land Revenue.

Miles Hartland, Acting Surveyor. — No Fees or Perquisites of any Kind are received or taken by me. — I s ----- --,

charge 2 s. 6d. per Day for my Trouble of attending the Purveyor setting out Timber to be felled under every Treasury Warrant — Five Shillings per Day for attending the Fellers and Strippers, to prevent the Loss of Timber and Bark — 2 s. 6d. per Day for measuring Cord Wood, and other Offal Wood, for the Auction Sales; which lust Year amounted to n/. 17*. 6 d. — besides which the Colliers pay me for my Trouble in delivering Beech Timber for the Use of their Works, which last Year amounted to 10/.

These are all the Allowances I have, except the usual Salary, which I trust you will think is by no Means adequate to the Service, more especially when I inform you that I am obliged to be almost every Day in the Forest, for which no Charge is made, except in the Service above mentioned.

Miles Hartland. — In Addition to my Letter respecting Fees, Perquisites, &c. received and taken in, this Forest, I beg to say, that no Poundage, Fee, Perquisite, or Allowance whatever, on the Sale of any Wood,

Timber, or Bark, or on any Works done, or on any other Matter or Thing whatever, was ever received or taken by me, as a Fee due to you, nor have any Poundage, Fee, Perquisite whatever, to my Knowledge, been received or taken by any Person acting under you in this Forest, since your Appointment to the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty's Forests.

Mr. Blunt. — In answer to your further Enquiries, respecting Poundage, Fees, Perquisites, and Payments made by me during the Time I had the Honour of acting under you as Deputy Surveyor of Dean Forest, I can only say, as I have said before, that the Moment I came into Office I gave up and did not receive or take any Fee or Perquisites myself, nor did I ever receive or take any Poundage, Fee, or Perquisite, whatever for you, which will fully appear by the under-written Certificate. — Since my Appointment under you, all Sales were made by Public Auction. — Estimates of the Value of such Wood ana Timber, or Bark, proposed to be sold, were made by Persons of competent Judgment, and delivered on Oath to the Verderors previous to the Sale; and in the Sale Book the following Certificates are entered on Oath at every Sale.

Copy on the Dr Side.

THESE are to certify. That the several Sums herein-before mentioned, amounting in the Whole to Two hundred and Ninety-four Pounds Two Shillings and Eight Pence Half-penny, were paid by me; that no Poundage, Fee, Perquisite, or Emolument whatever, hath been received or taken by me, or by any Person acting under me in the Execution of this Service; and the above is a true Account, Errors excepted.

Sept1 25th, 1788. Signed, T H 0s BLUNT.

Sworn, J. Pyrke.

On the Cr Side.

Septr 25th, 1788.

WE whose Names are hereunto subscribed, Verderors of Dean Forest, do hereby certify. That the above Sale was made in our Presence, and the Keepers of the Forest, and the Notoriety thereof duly published (in Manner above described); that the Sale of Bark and Cord Wood amounted to the Sum of Eleven hundred and Sixty Pounds, and no more, and that the Sale was in every Respect fair and open; and that after the Sale of the said Bark and Cord Wood, Three Oak Trees, that had been unlawfully taken out of the Forest, and found on the Premisses of Warren Hopkins, of Brockware, were sold by Auction to Richard Courteen, for the Sum of Thirteen Pounds, and no more.

J. PYRKE.

ROYNON JONES.

Tho* Harvey, Rob' East, George Court, Rich4 Bennet,

'1

Keepers.

From these Certificates it fully appears, that no Fees or Poundage were taken or raised on the Sales; the Mark under no more, was meant to imply that no Poundage was raised; that Eleven hundred and Sixty Pounds was received in Pounds, not in Guineas, as usually had been the Case in the latter Part of Mr. Pitt's Time.

When I first came into Office under Mr. Pitt, there was not One Inclosure in the whole Forest kept up for the Growth of young Trees, the Fences of all those that had been made, and for which ample Salaries (as you state) were paid to the Persons you mention, to look after the same; yet so it was that the Fences of every Inclosure were totally destroyed, nor were the Roads through and across the Forest in any better Condition. I completely repaired all the Roads, and the Fences of such of the old Inclosures as could be most conveniently done, fixed the Salaries for the Persons to look after them; and I have the Satisfaction of saying that ever since I repaired the Fences of the present Inclosures, they have been constantly kept in complete Repair.

Mr. Blunt. — I beg Leave to acquaint you, that I know of no Fee, Perquisite, or Allowance, ever being made to Mr. Pitt, but what arose from Poundage, which he claimed, and directed to be raised on the Estimates of all Works allowed by the Treasury to be done in the Forest; and on all Sums raised by Treasury Warrants for completing such Works, the Poundage of which, for the first Three Years I had the Honour of acting under the late Mr. Pitt (from the Treasury Warrant of July 10th, 1781, to and including the Treasury Warrant of June 19th, 1784) amounted to the Sum of 674/. 13 s. 8 as will appear by the Amount of Works done, and Treasury Warrants issued, between those Dates, viz.

Estimates of Works done £.5,578 11 5

Raised by Wood Sales ... 7,915 2 8£

Poundage on - £.13,493 14 1 is £. 674. 13. 8#

Vol. 48.

584

28" Martii.

A. 1793.

Seventeenth Report on Land Revenue.

WHITTLEWOOD and SALCEY FORESTS:

Mr. Capes. — I have accounted for and paid to the late Mr. Pitt, Surveyor General, as supposing Perquisites belonging to that Office, out of Whittlewood and Salcey Forests —

To wit,

In Whittlewood Forest, by Poundage of the Keeper's Woodward and Purlieu-Ranger's Salaries, Annually, up to the Year 1787, 10/. 2 s.4 d.;by Poundage of the Woodward Salary in the Forest

of Salcey, Annually, up to the if ear 1787, 15 s. which is all the Annual Fees I accounted for to the Surveyor.

I also accounted to Surveyor for lzd.in the Pound on Tradesmens Bills of Repairs performed —

To wit, £. s. d.

Year 1767, in Whittlewood Forest, the Sum of - - - 23 79

Year 1768 - - Ditto - - 24 18 3 f-

Year 1776 - - Ditto.....- - 47 2

Year 1782 - - Ditto - - - 33151

Year 1786 - - Ditto - - - 8 16 —

being so much as was performed in Mr. Pitt's Time.

I accounted also to Mr. Pitt for the Poundage of Bills of Repairs performed in Salcey Forest {under a Grant of Year 1782) up to the Year 1787 ——

which is all the Payment to Mr. Pitt.

These Emoluments are nut taken by Mr. Robinson, but are car-Tied to the Credit of \ the Public, in forming the Wood Sales Account of these Forests.

In the Year 1789 I accounted to Mr. Robinson for Poundage of Repairs performed in Whittlewood (being for unperformed Works at the Death of Mr. Pitt) the Sum of ——

Ditto in Salcey Forest ——

Annual Payments of Poundage of Keeper's Woodward, and Purlieu-Ranger's Salaries, Whittlewood Forest ——

Ditto of Woodward's Salary, Salcey Forest ——

which is all the Payments to Mr. Robinson.

I. s. d. 60 13 —

32 15 2

33 9 —

10 2 4

— 15 ~

I accounted to Surveyor for my Salary as Deputy, for Whittlewood and Salcey Forests Annually 25/.

At Two different Periods, to wit, Year 1784 to and Year 1787, I took a Perquisite of Poundage'of the Offal of Naval Timber of the Purchasers, which amounted on an Average to about 18/. per Year — and again in the Year 1790 I took alike Poundage, which amounted to about 30/. — since that Period only my Annual Salary

of 25/.

I also charge in my Accounts to Surveyor 5 s.per Day for myself, when employed valuing Timber, &c. &c. which will appear in my Annual Accounts.

HOLT FOREST:

Robert Bryant, 20th February 1793. — I acquaint you that my Salary, during the late Mr. Pitt's Time, and as now, in your Time, is 30/. per Annum, for looking after His Majesty's Forests, called Holt Forest and Woolmer Forest, in the County of Hants. I have also had the Care of Bere Forest for upwards of 20 Years, for which I had no fixed Salary, but was always paid by Mr. Pitt 1/. u. per Day. As to any Fees, Perquisites, and Emoluments, I never received any of any Kind whatever. It is not in my Power to state what was accounted for to Mr. Pitt for the Falls of Timber.

WHICHWOOD FOREST:

Mr. Bum, 21st February 1793. — I beg Leave to inform you, that for executing the Office of Deputy in Whichwood Forest, I am allowed 105. 6 d.per Day for myself, Horse, and all Expences, when I am ordered upon Business into that Forest; and that I receive no other Salary, Fee, Perquisite, or Emolument whatever, for executing the Business of that Department, under you, in Whichwood Forest, having no regular Appointment for that Forest, but only being occasionally employed. I beg Leave to add, that I never have taken, had, received, or accounted for any Fee, Perquisite, or Emolument whatsoever, to the Surveyor General of Woods arising out of Whichwood Forest.

WINDSOR

33 Geo. III.

28° Martii.

585

SeventetotbReport on Land Revenue*

________/

WINDSOR FOREST.

Mr. Bum, 21st February 1793. — I write to inform you, that my Salary, at the Time of your Appointment, was 30/. per Annum, as my Salary and Allowance in lieu of Firewood, which is the present Salary of my Place; I have also an Allowance of 10#. 6 d.per Day for myself and Horse, and for all Expences when I am ordered out upon Extra Surveys of Timber, and other Business; but 1 receive no other Fee, Perquisite, or Emolument whatsoever for executing the Business of the Department under you in Windsor Forest.

I had under Mr. Pitt a Salary of 20/. per Annum, and an Allowance of Firewood, which was equivalent to what I now receive by your Appointment. I beg Leave to add, that I never have taken, had, received, or accounted for any Fee, Perquisite, or Emolument whatsoever, to the Surveyor General of Woods, arising out of Windsor Forest

Mr. Geo. Clarke.

22d February 1793.

SHERWOOD FOREST.

Perquisites, such as Wood falling. Fees. Emolu- ments* Orders for taking down Timber. Returns. Salary. —

About 10/. per Annum. None. None. None. None. Six Years, at 20/. per Annum, due 30th January 1793. All Fees and Perquisites due to the Surveyor General of Woods arising from Lops, Tops, and Bark, during Mr. Pitt's being in Office, have been accounted for by me; and since my being in Office such Fees and Perquisites have amounted to the Sum of 458/. 14-s. 2 d. — Since your Appointment to succeed him no such Fees, &c. have accrued or been taken.

N* 6.

FEES payable at the Treasury on Proceedings for Crown Leases.

£. s.

1 1 —

2 12 6

3 '3 6

— 16 6

Reference to the Surveyor General, on a Petition or Memorial for a Lease -Warrant for a Constat, or Particular ——

Warrant for Lease ——

Transcript ——

The Fees for the Warrants and Transcript are sometimes Double, or Triple, when a Lease contains Two or more separate Estates, granted for different Terms, and under different reserved Rents.

Charles Long.

Vol. 48.

7K

586

28° Martii.

A. 1793.

Seventeenth Report on Land Revenue,

N* 7-

FEES payable at the Surveyor General's Office on Proceedings for Crown Leases.

i JruJ.

Surveyor General's Report on a Petition or Memorial -Making out a Constat ——

Rating a Constat, or Particular -Entering Docquet of a Lease -

£. s.

5 5 —

2 2 —

5 5 —

1 I —

When Two or more Estates are comprized in One Lease, and granted for different Terms, or under separate Rents, Double Fees or more are charged for the Proceedings for such Leases.

JVm Harrison, Acting Surveyor General.

N° 8.

FEES payable at the Auditor's Office, on Proceedings for Crown Leases.

Inrolling Letters Patent, or Lease of Crown Lands ....

Note. — A Manor pays Double Fees; and when the Parcels are distinct, each pays separately.

Making out a Particular of any Lands ——

Note. — Double Fees are charged as above for a Lease.

Hosier, Dep. Audr.

Memorandum. — Similar Accounts were delivered in, signed by,

Gray, D. Audr.

Dr And'.

(Vide Appendix to Twelfth Report, N" 25 A. 25 B. 25 C.)

33 Geo. IN.

28° Martii

587

Seventeenth Report on Lend Revenue.

N* 9.

FEES paid at the Pipe Office on Proceedings for Crown Leases.

A Precept was sent to the Deputy Clerk of the Pipe, for an Account of the Fees payable in that Office concerning the Land Revenue; but no Return having been made thereto, the following Copy of a Bill, from the Pipe Office, for a Lease of a single House (obtained from Mr. Harrison, of the Office of Surveyor General of the Crown Lands) is given as an Example of the Charges payable in the Pipe Office, for Crown Leases, in ordinary Cases.

Mr. HENRY HOLLAND, MIDDLESEX.

Drawing Grant, and fair Copy, engrossing Transcript, and exemplifying Grant Stamp ——

Dividend Fees ——

Chancellor's Secretary ——

Treasury Fees ——

Entering the Grant -

Clerk ——

Joining and allowing Tally ——

Sealing, Parchment, Box, and Strings, &c. ——

Filing Particular, and Docquetting ——

Bag Bearer -.....-

£. s. d.

5 ---

6 ---

428 1 1 —

-16 6 1 6 8

1 1 —

— 14 8

— 16 —

— 13 4

— 66

A true Copy,

fVm Harrison.

Note.- — The following Sums are paid out of the foregoing Charge.

Stamp Duty ——

Chancellor of the Exchequer and Secretary Treasury Fees ——

The Deputy Chamberlain's Fee for joining the Tally -

£. e. d.

6---

176 — 16 6

13 13 4

The following BILLS are Examples of the Charges in the Pipe Office for Leases of different Lengths

and Circumstances.

HENRY READ, Esquire, MIDDLESEX.

Drawing Grant, and fair Copy, engrossing Transcript, and exemplifying Grant Stamp -

Dividend Fees ——

Chancellor's Secretary ——

Treasury Fees ——

Entering Grant ——

Clerk --- -....

Scaling, Parchment, Box, and Strings ——

Filing Particular, and Docquetting

Bag Bearer ----- -- '

f. s. d.

5 — - —

6 — —

4 2 8

1 1 —

— 16 6

1 6 8

1 1 —

— 16 —

— 13 4

— 6 6

21 3 8

Vol, 48.

28° Marta.

A. 1793.

Seventeenth Report on Land Revenue.

Mrs. ANN EGERTON,

BERKS.

Drawing a long Grant, and fair Copy, engrossing Transcript, and exemplifying Grant -

Stamp.....-

Dividend Fees ——

Chancellor's Secretary ——

Treasury Fees ——

Entering Grant ——

Clerk ——

Sealing, Parchment, Box, and Strings - .

Filing Particular, and Docquetting ——

Bag Bearer ——

f.

£. s. d.

7 10 —

6 ——

8 5 4

1 1 —

1 13 —

2 -

1 1 —

— 16 —

— 13 4

— 6 6

29 6 2

ROBERT MACKRETH, Esquire,

MIDDLESEX.

Drawing Grant, and fair Copy, engrossing Transcript, and exemplifying Grant Stamp ——

Dividend Fees ——

Chancellor's Secretary ——

Treasury Fees ——

Entering Grant ——

Clerk ——

Joining and allowing Tally ——

Sealing, Parchment, Box, and Strings ——

Filing Particular, and Docquetting -

Bag Bearer - ....

£. s. d. 7 10 —

6 -

854 11 —

1 13 —

1 1 —

— 14 8

— 16 —

30 — 10

Sir JOSEPH BANKS,

LINCOLNSHIRE.

Drawing Grant, and fair Copy, engrossing Transcript, and exemplifying Grant Stamps -

Dividend Fees ——

Chancellor's Secretary.- - -

Treasury Fees ——

Entering Grant ——

Clerk ----- --....

Joining and allowing Tally ——

Sealing, Parchment, Box, and Strings ——

Filing Particular, and Docquetting ——

Bag Bearer -....

£. s. d.

- 10 — —

12

- 428

1 1 —

_ — 16 6

2 13 4

1 1 —

— 14 8

- 1 9 6

— 13 4

- — 6 6

£. 34 18 6

33 Geo. . III.

28° Martii?

589

Mr. WILLIAM DOWSON, and others, YORKSHIRE.

SeventeenthReport on Land Revenue.

£. s.

Drawing a very long and special Grant, with Fourteen Demis^/and Transcript, and exemplifying Grant _ - - - - , -

Stamp ——

Dividend Fees ——

Chancellor's Secretary ——

Treasury Fees ——

Entering Grant ——

Clerk ——

Sealing, Parchment, Box, and Strings ——

Filing Particular, and Docquetting ——

Bag Bearer - - - - -s

fair Copy, engrossing

17

12

8

10 — 5 4

l i —

i 13 —

4 13 4 1 1 —

1 8 6

— 13 4

— 66

48 12 —

Mr. ISAAC DUNN, and others, YORKSHIRE.

Drawing a very long and special Grant, with Twenty Demises, and fair Copy, engrossing Transcript, and exemplifying Grant ——

Stamps ——

Dividend Fees ——

Chancellor's Secretary ——

Treasury Fees ——

Entering Grant ——

Clerk ——

Sealing, Parchment, Box, and Strings -

Filing Particular, and Docquetting -

Bag Bearer ——

£. s. d.

25 ——

18 ——

8 5 4

1 1 —

1 13 — 6 13 4 1 1 —

1 16 —

64 9 6

True Copies.

fVm Harrison.

NOT -The following are Out Payments from the foregoing Bills of Charges at the Pipe Office.

Mr. Read. Mrs. E&erton. Mr. Mackreth. Sir Joseph Bauks. MivDowson, and others. Mr. Dunn, and others.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. d. £. s. d.

Stamp Duty ----- - 6 6 6 12 1 2 18 — - —

Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Secretary - 1 7 6 1 7 6 176 176 1 7 6 1 7 6

Treasury Fees ----- - — 166 1 13 — 1 13 — — 166 1 13 — 1 13 —

The Deputy Chamberlain's Fees, for joining

Tallies of Fines paid into the Exchequer - — 1 — —

£. 84- 9 — 6 9 6 14 5 — 15 — 6 21 — 6

Amount of Pipe Office Bill for each Lease 2138 29 6 2 30 — 10 34 18 6 48 12 — 64 9 6

£. 12 19 8 20 5 8 20 19 4 ao 13 6| 33 ' 1 C 43 9-

V o l. 48.

7 L

590

28° Marin.

A. 1793.

Seventeenth Report on Land Revenue,

ACCOUNT of the Fees and

N® io.

Gratuity paid to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, his Secretary and Under Secretary, on passing a Crown Lease.

£. s.

Fee to the Chancellor and Secretary, on signing the Transcript -.....il —

Fee to the Chancellor on sealing the Lease ----- ----- — 66

Note. — These Fees charged in the Clerk of the Pipe's Bill of Fees for the Lease.

Gratuity to the Under Secretary after the Lease is sealed, usually - - - - ii —

Note. — This Gratuity is sometimes only io$. 6d. where the Value of the Premisses is small.

Robert Gray,

22d March 1793.

N® 11.

FEES payable at the Exchequer, for Bill Money, and Tally, for a Fine for a Crown Lease.

In the Office of the Tellers — Bill Money for receiving the Fine - 26

To the Officers and Clerks ofl u „ n c

tile Tally Court . -}For the TallJ..... 6~

OD^^^irt^Side^'4'0-} For j°'n*n8 or comparing the Tally with the Foil for each Rent - — t —

Note. — This Account is extracted from the Appendix to the Sixth Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, N®* 44, 57, and 58.

N* 12.

FEES paid at the Treasury for the under-mentioned Leases, passed in the Year 1786.

Reference. Warrant for Particular. Warrant fot* Lease. Tranecript

Henry Read, Esq. - - - £. s. da 1 1 — £. s. d. 212 6 £. s. d. 3 13 6 £. f. d. — 16 6

Robert Mackreth, Esq. - 1 1 — 5 5 — Ti- 1 13 —

Mrs. Anne Egerton - - - 1 1 — 5 5 — ll — 1 13 —

Sir Joseph Banks ----- - 11 — 212 6 3136 — .6 6

William Dowson, and others - - - - 1 1 — 5 5 — Ti- 1 13 —

Isaac Dunn, and others ... - 1 1 — 5 5 — ll — 1 13 -

Charles.

33 Geo. III.

28° Martxi.

591

N* 13- Sttteenth&eport

®*»nd Revenue,

Ax ACCOUNT of the Fees received in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, for '

the Leases under-mentioned, granted in the Year 1786.

— Surveyor Generals Reports. Making out Constats. Rating Constats, or Particulars. Entering Docq*ets of the Leases.

£. 5. £.s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Henry Read, Esq. - . - - - 5 5 — 2 2 — 5 5 — 1 1 —

Anne Egerton, Spinster - - - 10 10 — m m 10 10 — 2 2 —

Robert Mackreth, Esq. - - 10 10 — 4 4 — 10 10 — 2 2 —

Sir Joseph Banks, Bart. - - - 15 15 — *5 15 — 3 3 —

William Dowson, and others - - 26 5 — - 2 65 — 5 5 —

Isaac Dunn, and others - - 31 10 — 31 10 — 6 6 —

Note. — The 2d, 4th, and 5th Leases, having passed by made out by the Auditor,

no Constats were made out in this Office.

The Fifth Lease contains Fourteen, and the Sixth Twenty separate Demises, with a Rent reserved on each. — The latter (which has been Twice renewed since 1760) is the only Instance of a Lease paying Six Fees in this Office; and there are only Four Instances of Leases paying Five Fees there

Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

N* 14.

An ACCOUNT of the Fees received in the Offices of the Auditors of the Land Revenue, on the Proceedings

for the Crown Leases under-mentioned, granted in the Year 1786.

— Entering Warrants and Receipts for Fines paid to Surveyor General of Woods. Making out Particulars. Inrolling the Leases.

Middlesex - - Henry Read, Esq. - £. s. d. £. s. d. £. *. d. 2 2 —

Robert Mackreth, Esq. - m. <m m 4 4 —

Berks - - - Ann Egerton, Spr -Yorkshire - - William Dowson, and others -Isaac Dunn, and others - 1 1 1 1 — I 1 1 1 1 Cl 44 — 14 14 — 21

Note. — The Two Leases first-mentioned having passed by Constat, no Particular was made out by the Auditor. In the 4th Lease there are Fourteen, and- in the last Twenty separate Demises, with a Rent reserved on each; and there are no other Leases in the Division of Mr. Auditor West similar to these. Lincoln - - - Sir Joseph Banks - - - 8 8 — 8 & —

In° Hosier, Dep. to James , Esq.

Auditor.

Richi Gray, Dep. to Henry Esq.

Audr.

Vo l. 48.

i^-

K* 15.

r £ C*

[H

J *-2

*-2 3 =r

D

A STATE of the Fees paid at the different Offices, for the several Leases under-mentioned* granted: l>y the Crown in the Year 17V1, made up from, the foregoing

Accounts;

To Henry Read, Esq; -Robert Mackreth, Esq;

Mrs. Anne Egerton, -Sir Joseph Banks, Bart. fVm Dowson, Esqj and others,

Isaac Dunn, and others,

- of a Slip of Ground in Park Lane.

- several Houses in Termyn Street and St. James's Street* Frogmore House and Lands, near Windsor.

- the Manor of Wyberton, in Lincolnshire.

- several Farms in the Manor of Rosedale, Yorkshire.

- several other Farms in the Manor of Rosedale.

D

cq"

n'

CD

Cl

CT

O

o

00

o

Treasury — Reference to the Surveyor General.

Surveyor General's Report ——

Treasury — Warrant for Constat, or Particular ——

Surveyor General, for Constat ——

Auditor, for Particular ——

Surveyor General, for rating the Constat, or Particular ——

Treasury — Warrant for Lease ——

D* - - - for the Transcript ——

Chancellor of the Exchequer, and his Secretary ——

At the Exchequer, for Bill Money and Tallies, for Fines paid in there -At the Auditor's Office, for entering Warrants and Receipts for Fines paid to the Surveyor General of the Woods ——

Fees at the Pipe Office for the Lease (exclusive of Out Payments for Stamp Duty, Treasury Fees for the Transcript, and Fees to the Chancellor of the Exchequer and Secretary, and for joining Tally for Fine) ——

Stamp Duty - - -

Auditor, inrolling the Lease ——

Surveyor General, entering Docquet of Lease ——

To which add

The usual Charge for soliciting or passing the Lease, 10/. ioj. and for the Petition to the Treasury, it. 1 s. - - .

Mr. Read. Mr». Egerton. Mr. Mackreth. Sir Jos. Banks. Mr. Dowson, and others. Mr. Dunn, and others.

£. j. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

1 1 — 1 1 — 1 1 — 1 1 — 1 1 — 1 1 —

5 5 — 10 10 — 10 10 — 15 15 — 26 5 — 31 10 —

2 12 6 5 5 — 5 5 — 2 1 2 6 5 5 — 5 5 —

2 2 — - - 4 4 —

4 4 — - - 8 8 — 14 14 — 21 —

5 5 — 10 10 — 10 10 — 15 15 — 26 5 — 3i 10 —

3 13 6 7 7 — 7 7 — 3 3 (5 L 7 7 — 7 m / —

— 16 6 13 — 1 13 — — - 16 6 1 13 — t 13 —

1 7 6 i 7 6 1 7 6 1 7 6 1 7 6 1 7 6

(No Fine) - — 9 6 — 9 G

1 1 — - - - 1 1 — 1 1 —

1 2 19 8 20 5 S 20 19 4 20 13 6 33 11 6 43 9 —

6 . 6 — — 6 — — 12 — — 12 — — 18 — —

2 2 — 4 4 — 4 4 — 8 8 — 14 14 — 21 —

1 1 — 2 2 — 2 2 — 3 3 — 5 5 — - 6 6 —

44 00 1 75 10 2 75 12 4 94 3 — 150 9 — 190 9 6

11 11 — 11 11 — 11 11 — 11 11 — 11 11 — 11 11 —

55 OO I 1 00 2 87 3 4 105 14 — 162 — — 202 — 6

IO

00

i — *

<0

C5

1

fc.

33 Geo. III.

28° Martii.

593

SeventeenthReport on Land Revenue.

s____J'

N* 16.

ORDER for the Surveyor 'j

General and Mr. Scrope to AFTER our hearty Commendations: Whereas we are given to understand, consider of a Way to pass \ that the great Charge of passing Exchequer Leases makes it impracticable Leases of small Estates at j for several Crown Tenants, whose Holdings are of small Yearly Value, to an easy Expence. J renew their Leases; so that they continue their Possessions after their respect

tive Terms are expired, paying only their old reserved Rents, which,' for the most Part amount to no more than bare Acknowledgments; whereby the Fines that might arise from those Estates are lost to the Crown: Now, to the End this Grievance to the Subject, and Loss to the Crown, may be remedied, as in Justice and Reason we conceive it ought to be, We do hereby order and appoint you, calling to your Assistance every His Majesty's Officers having Concern herein, or so many of them as you shall think necessary, to consider, consult, and agree, by what Means, and in what Manner, such small Estates (every of which shall not exceed the Yearly Value of 2o /. per Ann. on the Rack) may be leased in Possession, or in Reversion, with little Charge to the Lessees; and we do hereby charge and require all His Majesty's said Officers, or such or so many of them as you shall think necessary as aforesaid, to attend your Summons, and to be aiding and assisting to you in consulting, advising, and agreeing the Means of effecting this Service, as often as you shall think fit to call on them for that Purpose; and you are to lay before us, in Writing, the Result of your Consultations and Agreements hereupon with all convenient Speed, for our further Orders therein; and for so doing this shall be your sufficient Warrant.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

20th May 1724. R. WALPOLE,

GEO. BAILLIE,

To our very loving Friends John Pulteney, Esq. His WILL. YONGE,

Majesty's Surveyor General; and John Scrope, Esq. GEO. DODINGTON.

One of the Secretaries attending this Board.

Summons. — The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury having, by Warrant, dated the 20th of this Instant May, ordered and appointed us, calling to our Assistance every His Majesty's Officers having Concern in the passing Exchequer Leases of Crown Lands, &c. or such or so many of the said Officers as we shall think necessary, to consider, consult, and agree by what Means, and in what Manner, such small Estates in the Premisses (every of which shall not exceed the Yearly Value of 20/. per Ann. on the Rack) may be leased in Possession, or in Reversion, with little Charge to the Lessees; and we being thereby likewise directed to lay before their Lordships, in Writing, the Result of our Consultations and Agreements, touching the aforesaid Matter, with all convenient Speed, for their Lordships further Pleasure therein, we do therefore hereby appoint you in that Behalf to attend us at the Surveyor General's Office, near St. James's Palace, on Tuesday the 2d Day of June next, at Ten o'Clock in the Forenoon.

St. James's, 22d May 1724. J. PULTENEY, S. G.

J. SCROPE.

To Francis Neale, Esq. Deputy

Clerk of the Pipe;

another

To Thomas Jett, Esq. One of the Auditors of His Majesty's Land Revenue; and

another

To Sydney Godolphin, Esq. One of His Majesty's Auditors of the Land Revenue, or his Deputy.

Vol. 48.

7 M

S '<C

59 4

28° Martii. A. 1793.

venteenthReporl Land Revenue.

Minutes. — 2d June 1724. At a Meeting of John Pulteney, Esqr, Surveyor General of His Majesty's Lands, &c. and John Scrope, Esqr, One of the Secretaries of the Treasury, with the several Officers concerned in passing Exchequer Leases who were summoned thereto.

PRESENT,

John Pulteney, S. G.

John Scrope.

Mr. Auditor Jett, and his Deputy.

Mr. Audr Godolphin's Deputy. The Deputy Clerk of the Pipe. The Clerk of Exchequer Leases.

The Order of the Treasury, dated the 20th of May last, relating to the Charge of passing Exchequer Leases, being read, and the said several Officers having declared what Fees were payable in their respective Offices, for Exchequer Leases, it appeared thereby that the Charge of passing every such Lease, of what Yearly Value soever the Premisses might be, and though the same consist of no more than One Parcel, nor the Lease of more than One Skin of Parchment, does amount to Thirty-one Pounds, including the Sum of Four Pounds for the Double Stamp Duty.

N- B.At the Second Meeting-! this Part was revoked, and limited 1 But if the Lease be of or more Parcels, the Auditors do respectroely to several Properties, instead of se- claim a several Fee for each Parcel; or if there be Two or more Skins of veral Parcels. J Parchment, though containing One Parcel only, they claim a several Fee for each Skin; however they said, that they very often moderated their respective Fees, according to the particular Circumstances of the Case.

And the Deputy Clerk of the Pipe said, that when the Lease contains a Grant of Two or more several Terms, having different Commencements, or different Determinations (which are distinct Estates) or when Two or more several Rents are reserved on such Lease, he takes a Double Fee for such additional Term or Rent, over and above the Fee payable to him only.

In each of the other Offices (if the Premisses are the sole Property of the Lessee) no more than One Fee is paid for any Exchequer Lease, be the Parcels never so many, or though such Lease contain several Habendums or Reddendums.

The Order of the Treasury, dated the 31st of December 1716, relating to the inrolling with the proper Auditor all Assignments of Crown Leases, being read; after some Discourse thereon (touching the Charge it occasioned in the passing such Leases) Mr. Auditor Jett said, that while the same continued in Force, he was bound in Duty to obey it; but he had no Objection to the revoking it, if the Lords of the Treasury shall so please.

Then Two Precedents were read out of the Entries in the Surveyor General's Office, to shew in what Manner Leases of small Estates belonging to the Crown had been formerly granted, viz*.

Anno 1702. — A General Lease to John Latton, Esquire, for the Tenants of His Majesty's Manor of Richmond, in Surrey.

1716. — Another of certain small Parcels in His Majesty's Manor of Rosedale, in the County of York.

And a Sign Manual of the late Queen, dated the 12th Day of August 1705, w>as likewise read, whereby the then Lord 'treasurer was impowred and directed to authorize and require the Auditor of Wales to grant Leases of small Estates within that Principality, in the Manner therein mentioned.

But after some Discourse about the several foregoing Precedents, a Second Meeting was appointed to be on Saturday next, the Sixth Instant, at Ten in the Forenoon; and the several Officers were desired, in the mean Time, to consider by what Means and in what Manner such Leases may be granted with little Charge to the Lessees; and the Auditors are then to deliver in Tables of their respective Fees, duly attested, in such Manner as that which the Deputy Clerk of the Pipe had delivered in.

6th June 1724. — Pursuant to the Appointment above, the aforesaid several Officers (except the Clerk of the Pipe) met together, and the Auditors produced Tables of their Fees; after which Mr. Scrope produced a Copy of a Warrant from the Treasury, impowering the Auditor of Cumberland to let Leases to the several Tenants of the late Lord Preston, of their respective Holdings, &c. in that County; and after some Discourse concerning the Matters in Question, the several Officers being asked if they had thought of any Method for passing small Estates at an easy Charge; but they had nothing to propose more than what had been mentioned at the former Meeting, other than that, if the Lords of the Treasury should think fit, they were willing to abate of their respective Fees, upon the Renewal of such small Estates.

ANNE

Sign Manual Whereas Our trusty and well-beloved Sidney Godolphin, Esq', Auditor of ouf Revenues of Wales, hath by

his Memorial set forth, that among the Leaseholders of Our Revenue of North and South Wales there are several small Tenements, and other Improvements, that formerly were, and now might be, made by Cottages that are built upon our Wasts, most of which Tenements are of and under the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Shillings, and which, as he is informed, have antiently been leased by the Auditor of Wales, at a small Rent reserved to the Crown, many of which Leases being long since expired, and the Value so very small that the Tenants do not think it worth the Charge of renewing by Exchequer Leases, whereby We do not only loose the antient Fine and reserved Rent, but oft the said Tenements and Wasts are enjoyed by the adjacent Inhabitants as their Freeholds; and is therefore of Opinion, that it will very much improve Our Interest to authorize and impower the Auditor of Our Revenues of Wales, for the Time being, to renew and grant Leases for all sdeh small Tenements and Cottages, so that the Annual Rent do not exceed Fifty Shillings, for such Term or Terms of Years as shall be thought fit, w-hereby not only Our present Revenue will be increased, but also the antient Right of the Crown secured: All which We having taken into Our Royal Consideration, Our Will and Pleasure is, that you forthwith issue your Warrant to the Auditor of Our Revenues of North

33 Geo. III. 280 Mariii. 595

and South Wales, now and for the Time being, authorising and impowering him, from Time to Time, to Seventeenth Report

renew and grant Leases for all such small Tenements and Cottages, where the full Annual Value thereof 011 L3H(i ^eveilue-

shall not exceed Fifty Shillings, for such Term or Terms of Years as you shall think fit, not exceeding in v ' J

any One Case the Term of One-and-Thirty Years, and for the most that can be got for the same; in which

Leases you are to direct the said Auditor to insert a Clause, that the said Rents be made payable to the respective Receivers or Bailiffs of the Premisses for the Use of Us, Our Heirs and Successors; and that he take

Care all such Leases be duly inrolled in his Office, and that the reserved Rents be, from Time to Time,

delivered in Charge to the respective Receivers of North and South Wales, and such other Clauses for keeping

the Premisses in Repair, and paying the reserved Rents, as are usual in Leases of the like Nature; and you

are to direct the said Auditor, at Michaelmas in every Year, to transmit to you, or to the High Treasurer or

Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to certify under his Hand of what Leases he shall have

made in pursuance thereof in the Year preceding (to wit) of what Lands or Tenements, for what Number of

Years, under what Rents, and to whom he hath made the said Leases; and for so doing this shall be your

Warrant. Given at Our Court at Windsor Castle, the 12th Day of August 1705, in the Fourth Year of Our

Reign.

By Her Majesty's Command.

GOD O L P IIIN.

To Our right trusty, and well-beloved Sydney Lord Godolphin, Our High Treasurer of England, and Treasurer of Our Exchequer.

In pursuance of her Majesty's Pleasure signified to me by the foregoing Warrant, these are to authorize and empower you, from Time to Time, to renew and grant Leases for all such small Tenements and Cottages as are therein mentioned, where the full Annual Value doth not exceed Fifty Shillings, for such Term or Terms of Years as you shall think fit, not exceeding, in any One Case, the Term of Thirty-one Years, and for the most that can be got for the same; and you are to insert in the said Leases the several Clauses for enrolling the said Leases, keeping the Premisses in Repair, and paying the reserved Rents, as are directed by her Majesty's said Warrant, and such other as are usual in Cases of the like Nature; and you are also, at Michas in every Year, to transmit to me, or the High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, a Certificate under your Hand of what Leases you shall have made in the Year preceding (to wit) of what Lands or Tenements, for what Number of Years, under what Rents, and to whom made, according to her Majesty's Pleasure signified as aforesaid; and for so doing this shall be your Warrant. Whitehall Treasury Chambers, 15th August 1705.

GODOLPHIN.

To my very loving Friend Sidney Godolphin, Esq1, Auditor of her Majesty's Revenues of North and South Wales, and to the Auditor thereof for the Time being.

AFTER our hearty Commendations: Whereas it hath been represented unto us, that the several Persons hereafter named, who were Tenants to the late Lord Viscount Preston, and had Leases which expired the 2d of February 1690, of Part of his Estate in the County of Cumberland (which became forfeited to their Majesties by Reason of the Attainder of the said Lord Preston) have since been turned out of their Farms, Lands, or Tenements, by his Agents, because of their ready Submission to their Majesties Title, and paying their respective Rents to the Crown: And whereas it is necessary, for their Majesties Services, and to prevent the Lands from being unoccupied, that good Tenants may be continued or put in Possession of the said Farms or Lands, without being put to the great Charge and Trouble of Leases under the Great or Exchequer Seals: These are therefore to authorize and require you to enter into Contracts, or make Leases, for and on the Behalf of their Majesties, to the respective Persons hereafter named, of the several Farms or Tenements hereafter mentioned, and to put them into the Possession thereof; to hold the same of their Majesties for the like Term of Years, at the former Rents and Services, to be payable to their Majesties, and under the like Provisoes and Covenants as were contained in the former respective Leases, which they respectively had of the Premisses; viz. To Richard Story of the Messuages, I.ands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Howend, the Lands of Chappel Town, and all that was in his former Lease, to Richard Grimston the Messuage and Lands called the Field, the Mill Hill, and the Mill Town, the Kiln there, the Water Corn Mill called the Field Mill, at the Mill Town, and all other the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, demised by the former Lease to Stephen Grimston his Father [and so of several others}; and that you cause to lie inserted in such Contracts or Leases any new Covenants or Agreements, as you may think necessary for their Majesties Service; and for so doing this shall be your Warrant. Whitehall Treasury Chambers, January 17th 1692.

R. HAMPDEN,

To our loving Friend their S. FOX,

Majesties Auditor of the C. MONTAGUE.

County of Cumberland.

Vol. 48.

28° Martii.

A. 1793

SeventeenthReport on Land Revenue.

TABLE of Fees for passing Exchequer Leases.

At the Treasury: £. s. d.

Reference to the Surveyor - -..... — 15 —

Warrant on the Surveyor's Report - - iio- —

Warrant on the Particular - - - 110 —

Transcript of the Lease - - - — 126

Entering Clerk - .....1 ——

J. SCROPE, 6 Junii 1724.

Surveyor General:

For every Report upon a referred Petition or Memorial - - - - 3 3 —

For the Surveyors Warrant to the Auditor to make forth a Particular - Nil.

For rating every Particular, or making out a Constat, though the same consist of many Parcels, or does contain different Habendums or

dums(if the Petitioner's sole Property) no more is demanded or taken than.....55 —

J. PULTENEY, S. G. 6 June 1724.

Clerk of the Pipe:

There is paid to the Clerk of the Pipe, for the Dividend Fee of every Lease and

Transcript.....- -

Out of which is paid to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury - - — 6 8

To the Chancellor of the Exchequer - 68

To the Lord Chief Baron.....- — 34

To the Attorney General - - - — 34

To the Solicitor General - - — 3 4

To the Usher of the Exchequer.....- - 4

1 3 8

So that the Clerk of the Pipe has only for the Transcript and Lease - - 2184

£. sd.

5 7 6

8 8 —

42 —

42 — FRA. NEALE, Depy Clerk Pipe.

Clerk of the Leases:

Drawing, transcribing, and ingrossing the Lease - - - 3 — —

Entering the Lease - - - - 1 — —

Under Clerk - - - — 10 —

Filing the Warrant and Particular.....- - . — 68

Note.' — These Fees are sometimes enlarged, by Length of Leases and Number of Particulars, but in small Proportions.

CHAS HORNBY.

Auditor:

For drawing the Particular, first on Paper, afterwards ingrossing the same on

Parchment, and then entering of the same, for each Lease - - - 168

For the Inrolment of every Lease, consisting of a common Skin - - - 168

As for the Inrolment of mesne Assignments, which very seldom happens in any Place but the Bailiwick of St. James's, the Auditors are content to take for the Inrolment of the last Assignment the usual Fee of 1/. 6$. 8 d.per Skin.

THOs JETT, 6th Junii 1724.

4 16 8

2 13 4

N. B. — Mr. Auditor Godolphin's Deputy delivered in exactly the same Table, but it was not signed.

Stamp Duty -

For the Exchequer Seal -

To the Chancellor's Secretary -

For the Tally, and paying in the Fine

6 6 17 6 8 6

Sum Total

3i ——

.1 -

28° Ma

33 Geo. III.

597

May it please your Lordships, Seventeenth Report

IN Obedience to your Lordships annext Order of the 20th of May last, requiring us to consider and report^0® Lawl Revenu*y to your Lordships by what Means and in what Manner small Estates belonging to the Crown (every of which shallV

not exceed the Yearly Value of Twenty Pounds on the Rack) may be leased in Possession or in Reversion, with little Charge to the Lessees; and impowering us for that Purpose to call to our Assistance such of His Majesty's Officers, having Concern therein, as we should think necessary, we have conferred with the Auditors of His Majesty's Land Revenue, the Deputy Clerk of the Pipe, and the Clerk of Exchequer Leases, touching the aforesaid Matter; and having considered the same,

Do humbly report, That by the Tables of Fees claimed by the respective Officers, as their antient legal Fees, payable in the several Offices through which such Leases do pass, it appears that the Charge of every Exchequer Lease, of how small Yearly Value soever the Premisses may be, does amount to Thirty-one Pounds, or thereabouts.

Which Charge having been found a great Discouragement to the Crown Tenants, and others, in the taking Leases of small Estates, in 1701 Mr. Latton, then Steward of the Manor of Richmond, in Surrey, having by virtue of a Royal Sign Manual contracted with several Tenants and others, for Leases of small Parcels of Land or Tenements within the said Manor, particular and distinct Constats thereof were made forth, and separately rated, by the then Surveyor General, in order to the passing a gener Lease of all those several Parcels; which Lease in 1702 passed under the Exchequer Seal to Mr. Ayloff, the then and now Deputy Steward of the said Manor, in Trust for and to the Use of the several Persons so contracted with for their particular and respective Premisses. And we find that in or about the Year 1717, alike general Lease was passed of several small Estates within His Majesty's Manor of Rosedale, in the County of York; which Manner of leasing small Estates, in Ease of the several Tenants, may be practicable when the Premisses lie contiguous, or in the same County (as in the afore-mentioned Cases); but we apprehend 'twill be very difficult, if not impracticable, when such Estates lie scattered in different Counties: Therefore do think that this Way of leasing them will not fully answer the Intent of your Lordships Order.

We also find, that in 1692, the then Auditor of the County of Cumberland, was by Warrant of the then Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, reciting as therein is recited, and to avoid the Charges of Exchequer Leases, authorized and required to contract with or make Leases for and on Behalf of their Majesties, to the several Persons therein named, who had been Tenants to the late Lord Preston, of the several Farms or Tenements therein mentioned, and which were then vested in the Crown by His Lordship's Attainder.

We likewise find, that in 1705, the then Lord Treasurer Godolphin did, by virtue of her then Majesty's Royal Sign Manual, impower the Auditor of Wales to grant Leases of small Tenements and Cottages within that Principality, each Estate or Holding not to exceed the full Yearly Value of Fifty Shillings; Copies of which Sign Manual, and of the aforesaid Treasury Warrants, are annexed.

But notwithstanding these last mentioned Precedents, we cannot advise the granting Leases df any Crown Lands or Tenements whatsoever, by virtue of a Royal Sign Manual, which we conceive not to be warranted by the Civil List Act, wherein the several Ways of leasing are particularly specified; (that is to say) under the Great Seal, the Exchequer Seal, the Seals of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, or by Copy of Court Roll.

We find that the Order of the Treasury, dated the 31st of December 1716, for inrolling all Assignments of Crown Leases with the proper Auditor (a Copy whereof is annexed) has very much increased the Charge of passing Exchequer Leases, particularly with respect to the divided small Parcels of the Bailiwick of Saint James's, great Numbers of the Under Tenants having purchased their respective Holdings for the Residue of the several and respective Terms, which were granted therein by the Crown to the late Earl of Saint Albans. Whereupon the Auditors being asked. Whether that Order was of any Use or Benefit to His Majesty's Land Revenue ? they said, That while it continued in Force, it was their Duty to obey it, but gave no, Reason for its being continued:

So that if your Lordships shall please to revoke the same, it will very much lessen the Charge of Crown Leases, without doing any Prejudice to His Majesty's Land Revenue; in which Case the Auditors propose, that instead of the inrolling all mesne Assignments, as by that Order is required, every Tenant applying to renew his Lease be obliged to inroll with the proper Auditor the last Assignment only, whereby he is become the Crown's immediate Tenant of the Premisses.

As to which, we presume it may sufficiently ascertain the Tenancy, according to the Intent of the aforesaid Order, if a Memorial only of such last Assignment be recorded with the proper Auditor, containing the Day and Year of the Date, the Names and Additions of the Parties, the Description of the Premisses assigned, the Habendum, and the Rent or Rents reserved; which is agreeable to the Form prescribed by the Act for the public registering of Deeds, &c. of Lands in Middlesex.

Upon the Whole, if the said Order for inrolling mesne Assignments with the respective Auditors be revoked; if the several Officers having Concern in the passing Exchequer Leases take no more or other Fees for every such Lease (though the Premisses shall consist of different Parcels, so as the same be the sole Property of the Lessee) than what are mentioned in their respective Tables of Fees, herewith laid before your Lordships; and if such small Estates as separately do not exceed the clear Yearly Value of Twenty Pounds, nor do together exceed One hundred Pounds per Ann. on the Rack, be granted by One general Lease, in such Cases, where it may be practicable, we hope that the Charge of passing Exchequer Leases, in Possession or Reversion, will so far be lessened in Ease of the Crown Tenants, as may effectually answer the Intent of your Lordships afore-mentioned Order in thqt Behalf.

All which is humbly submitted to your Lordships Wisdom.

J. PULTENEY, Surv' Gen1.

25th June, 1724. J. SCROPE.

A true Copy of the Entry in the Office of His Majesty's Surveyor General.

W" Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

Vol. 48.

7 N

' v

Seventeenth Report on Land Revenue.

A.-VT9S-

598

V /

28° M

N* 17.

A ST ATE of the Number of the Crown Leases granted in each Year, from the 1st of January 1761 to the 31st of December 1786; and of the Fees received in the Surveyor General's Office for the ^Proceedings thereon.

N®of N®of

Leases. Leases.

In the Year 1761 ----- 31 . 1774.....35

.....1762 - - - 29 1775.....21

- - - - -1763 ----- 24 1776 .....23

- - - - - 1764.....29 1777.....33

.....1765.....40 1778 ----- 20

1766.....40 1779 ----- 31

- - - - -1767 ----- 40 1780.....16

- - - - - 1768 ----- 8 1781.....18

.....1769 ----- 13 1782.....26

.....1770 ----- 42 1783 ----- 6

..... 1771 ----- - 33 1784.....43

..... 1772 - - - - 35 1785.....45

..... 1773 ----- 36 1786 ----- 35

Total in 26 Years - - 713

The Average Number Yearly being something more than - - 27

- The Fees received for the Proceedings on the said 712 Leases stere as follows; viz. for Two Leases Six Fees each; Seven Leases Five Fees; Six Leases Four Fees; 39 Leases Three Fees; and 195 Leases Two Fees each; and for the remaining 495 Leases Single Fees, being in the Whole equal to Single Fees for 1,041 Leases.

Wm Harrison,

Acting Surveyor General.

N* 18.

g A GENERAL VIEW of the Gross and Net Produce, from His Majesty's Accession to the End of the Year 1786, of the Forests, Crown Lands, and Fee Farm Rents, which O

have been under the Enquiry of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue.

O

g

CQ

t — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

FT

1st. Of FORESTS.

DEAN FOREST.

Produce ——

paid out of Produce - ....

- out of the Exchequer for Salaries, 210/. per Annum, in

Expence 26 Years, is

- out of Rent of the Manor of St. Briavels, 40'/. per Ann. D* ——

NEW FOREST:

Produce - -

{paid out of Produce.....-

- - out of the Exchequer — Salary of the Riding Forester, 500l. per Ann. in 26 Years, is -

ALICEHOLT and WOOLMER FOREST:

Produce

{paid out of Produce ——

Rent of the Manor of Wordleham, 31/. 2 11 d. per Ann. in

26 Years, is ——

£. s. d.

37,713 3 2*

5,460 ——

1,040 ——

61,729 2 Si

13,000 ——

6,099 6 8 {

809 15 10

Produce Produce of each Forest

Expence expended on other

of each Forest of each Forest Forests, Parks, and Chases, not under

exceeding itsExpence. exceeding its Produce. the Enquiry of the Commissioners.

£. d. £. *. d. £. s. d. £. s. 4. £. S. d.

69,054 4 2 i - 69,054 4 2f

37,713 3 2 i -

44,213 3 2 i 24,841 1 —

31,341 1 —

87,952 13 1 - - 87,952 13 1 1

‘ \ " " 61,729 2 8 I

74,729 2 8i 13,223 10 4 { - - 26,223 10 4»

8,321 14 7 - - 8,321 14 7

6,099 6 8 1

6,909 2 61 1,412 12 — f 2,222 7 10$

arried aver - £. 39*477 3 5 - - - £. 59,786 19 3

Si

§5? r S

S3 ST

S3-

g tr

I ?

V ' 2.

o

SO

so

Brought forward

SALCEY FOREST:

Produce ——

{paid out of Produce ——

out of the Exchequer — Warden's Fee, of 40/. per Ann. in 26 Years, is

WHITTLEWOOD FOREST: Produce -

Expence, paid out of Produce

ROCKINGHAM FOREST:

Produce paid into the Exchequer ——

Expence — Nil.

WHICHWOOD FOREST:

Produce (exclusive of Rents and Fines for Leases of the Coppices included in the Produce of the Demised Estates) ——

Expence paid out of Produce ——

BERE FOREST:

Produce -

Expence, paid out of Produce

WALTHAM FOREST:

Produce ——

Expence, paid out of the Exchequer for Officers Salaries, 2701, per Ann. in 26 Years ——

SHERWOOD FOREST:

Produce ....

{paid out of Produce ——

out of Fee Farm Rent of Nottingham Castle, Salaries of Nine Keepers, at 20<. per annum each, in 26 Years, is -

f. $ d*

2,943 2 — 1

1,040 ——

2,816 15 8 234 ——

£. s. d. 4,408 13 n

3,983 2 — I

22,265 7 5 14,736 4 9i

641 19 — 618 — 7

8,574 10 11 2,872 8 4

Nil.

3,174 12 11

3,050 15 8

Produce of each Forest exceeding itsExpence. Expence of each Forest exceeding its Produce,

£. s. d. £. 3. d.

39,477 3 5 _ m _ J 1 1 1 1 1 1

425 11 11

7,529 2 7 i -

1,710 — —

23 IS 5 r' wnn 0 II II II II II II

5,702 2 7

- 7,020

123 17 3

54,991 16 2 7,020

This Sum is stated to have been expended on other Forests, Parks, and Chases belonging to the Crown, (besides the Sum of 159,8*®^, mentioned below) on the Authority of John Pitt, Esquire, late Surveyor General, as shewn in the Commissioners Third Report Page 30.

Produce of each Forest expended on other Forest®, Parks, and Chases, not under the Enquiry of the Commissioners.

s. d.

4,408 13 11 i 2,943 2 — i

22,265 7 5 14,736 4 91

641 19 — 618 — 7

8,574 10 11 2,872. 8 4

3,174 12 11 2,816 15 8

£. s. d.

59>7»6 19 3

1,465 11 11

7,52

71

23 18 5

5,702 2 7

357 17 3

Total*/. 74,865 12 — 1

28* Martii. A. 1793.

act. Of CROWN LANDS and FEE FARM RENTS.

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

eg.

FT

4

CX

RENTS

FINES- -

TIMBER and WOOD -

RENTS

ENGLA.

Amount of Rents paid into the Exchequer from Michaelmas 1760 to 1786 -

Net Amount of Rents received by the Receivers General, exclusive of Salaries and Allowances payable thereout to the Auditors and Receivers, and of perpetual Pensions, and other Annual Charges thereon - . ....

Fines of Leases - -

Sold on the demised Estates

TV ALES.

FINES

NJ

o

Out of RENTS

Out of FINES

North WalesThe Revenue deficient to answer the Charges thereon to Michaelmas 1786,

3,3.53'- 2^. CLrf.

South Wales: — Surplus of Revenue in the Receiver's Hands at Michaelmas 1786 -

North Wales: — Fines of Leases ——

South Wales: — - D" ——

PAYMENTS out of the RENTS and FINES',-for Purposes incident to the Crown- Lands.

Debentures paid to the Surveyor General of the Crown-Lands for Salaries of his Clerks, and for Dis* bursements in his Office ——

Surplus on Portland Cranage Account ——

To Richard Benyon, Esq. etal', for repairing the Gaol, Market House, and Court Houses of Romford, Essex - -

To Thomas Richardson, for taking Surveys of Crown Lands ——

To the Receiver of North Wales and Chester, Surplus on his Account, being Money advanced out of the Revenue of Wales in Aid of the Revenue of Chester, viz.

In Mr. West's Division - - - - £. 626 H 1

Mr. Shelley's De ----- -- --- - 341 3 2

Fines paid to the Receivers of North Wales 1,890/., and South Wales 136/., and included in their Balances above stated - -

To Thomas Richardson, for taking Surveys of Crown Lands....

To Zachary Chambers, Esq. for Fees of a Crown Lease.....-

£. s. d.

25,619 2 5

165,727 5

4,012 9 1 i

1,965 ——

946 ——

1,578 17 9

804 — 1

233 5 7

914 18 6

907 14 3

9. d.

191,346 8 2 183,995 17 4

5,068 1 4

2,026 — — 247 18 — 77 9 10

Average Yearly Amount - £.

4,012 9 1 f

2,911 —

4,498 16 2

2,351 7 10

£. s. d.

14,633 19 8

s. d.

380,410 6 10 |

6,923 9 1-

387,333 16 — £

6,850 4 —

£.380,483 12

O GA

3 3

rf

►n B

?g

C*

ts

n

33 Geo. IIL 28° Martii. ©01

D

r-h

N'

CD

CL

CT

O

o

eg,

rT

rt

s 2

a. 3

/ h-2.

a

ps

3*g

g S

PAYMENTS out of the CROWN LAND REVENUE,

for Purposes relative to the Forests, Parks, and Chases. £. . s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Debentures paid to the Surveyors General of the Woods, for divers Works' and Repairs in His Majesty's Forests, and Parks ;viz. In Mr. West's Division - - - - £. 97,739 12 8f Mr. Shelley's D* ----- - 3,563 8 6£ 101,303 t 3 300 5 2 456 7 9 12,815 4 6

Out of RENTS -< To the Board of Works, for repairing Drains at Hampton Court House Park, and for Repairs to the House belonging to the Master of the Rolls, 663/. 11s. 2 whereof for repairing Drains at Hampton Court House Park ----- ----- ----- To the Ranger of Windsor Great Park, for Repairs at Windsor Great Lodge - - - To Da, to pay Salaries and provide Hay for the Deer, &c. ----- --- 114,874 18 8

Out of FINES - - 1 Fines paid to the Surveyor General of the Woods, for Works in the Forests and Parks - - 39,867 s

TIMBER and WOOD - - I Value of Timber and Wood sold on the demised Estates paid to the Surveyor General of the Woods - 5,068 1 4 159,810

In 26 Years - £. 220,673 12 — i

Communibus Annis 8,487 8 11

SALARIES paid at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to Officers employed in the Management of the Crown Land Revenue. £. s. d. To the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, per Annum - . To Mr. Auditor West - -- 100 Mr. Auditor Shelley - - - 300 Mr. Auditor Johnes - -- 400 1,000 -

£. 800

Those Officers being Auditors of Land Tax, and various other Branches of Revenue, about One Half of their Salaries, is considered as chargeable to the Account of the Land Revenue - 400 — —

£. Carried forward - 1 Jrtft --

1,400 in 26 Years, is 36,400 8,487 8 11

k

fJQ2 28° Martii. A. 1793.

Brought forward

D

co'

i — H

N'

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

o§

fT

o.

ifr*

00

SALARIES paid at the Exchequer, to Officers of the Forests under-mentioned; viz.

Dean Forest, - - per Annum

New Forest, - - - D° -

Salcey Forest, - - D°

Waltham Forest, - - D*

From which is to be deducted,

£. s.

210 — —

500 ——

40 ——

270 — —

£. 1,020 ——

in 26 Years is

From which is to be deducted, for the Price of Timber in Rockingham Forest, paid into the Exchequer ——

« d.

26,520 ——

1,710 ——

£. «. d.

36,400 ——

24,810 ——

61,210 ——

in 26 Years is, immunibus Annis

Clear Annual Surplus - -

Land Revenue Office, Scotland Yard, March 28th, 1793.

Chas Middleton. Jn° Call.

John Ford

8,487 8 11

O

W

o

2,354 4 7

6,135 4 4

E" S

s.?

3 et

to

00

o

3- .

Q>

604 28° Martii — 4° Aprilis. A. 1793.

Ordered, That the Said Reports and Plans do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Reports, with the Appendixes thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Bill to prevent Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Traitorous further Consideration the Report from the Committee encTre^com- the whole House, to whom the Bill more effectually mitted. to prevent, during the War, all traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to His Majesty's Enemies, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill, considered. The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Elijah Impey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Elijah Impey reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Member add- Ordered, That Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish

OrstonTncIo- ®dded to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to pre-sure Bill. pare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Charles Pierrepont, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Orston, in the Parish of Orston, and others, Owners of Lands in the Open Fields, and entitled to Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish.

Orston fnclo- Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish presented to

«nte£1, Ipre" the House' according to Order, a Bill for dividing and Mn inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Orston and Thoroton, in the Parish of Orston, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petitions in A Petition of the Grand Jury for the County of Lin-Warmfield assembled at the Assizes, held, at the Castle of

cum Heath Lincoln.,on Saturday the 9th Day of , 1793: And

and Barnsley also.

Canal BilL A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City of , in Common Coun-

cil assembled;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find a Bill is depending in the House for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Calder, at or near , in the County of York, to communicate with the intended Dearne and Dove Canal, at a certain Place near the Town of Barnsley, and to be continued up to the valuable Coal Mines in the Vicinity of Barnsley and Silkslone: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table,

Allingtonln- Mr. Anderson Pelham presented to the House, ac-

closure B»U cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the

presented.

Open Arable Fields and other uninclosed Lands within the Manor or Manors of Allington, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Anderson Pelham presented to the House, ac- Greetham cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the cloture Bii Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and pretenud. other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Greetham, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord William Russell presented to the House, ac- Penge Incl cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a jlU 1,1 Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Penge Common, lying within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Mom-ning next, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 4* die Aprilis;

Anno 33* Georgii III'" Regis, 1793.

Praters.

GENERAL Murray presented, to the House, ac- p«rthRo&d cording to Order, a Bill for explaining, amend- Bill pressing, and rendering more effectual, an Act passed in the ted* Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for making and repairing the Road from Crieff, towards Stirling and Alloa, and other Roads, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, ac- Glasgow m cording to Order, a Bill for completing, repairing, Port Dund; and maintaining the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Port Dundas, and from Port to presen

the High Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Garscube Bridge, by Dobbie's L, in the County of Lanerk: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the PoorBil Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, wras read a Second Time.,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Bill to Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making Kirkb " and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby - dalCa

o o comm

" dal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton,

" in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Brapeh from the said intended Canal, at or " near Borwick, to or near War ton Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or near, Galemoss,

" by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County

" Palatine of Lancaster," and also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near

01 to

Stiffkfy and Morston Inclosure Bill committed.

Hilton Bryant Inclosure Bill committed.

Shotteswell Inclosure Bill presented.

Durnford Inclosure Bill committed.

Womborne, &c. Roads Bill presented.

Brown's Divorce Bill read.

Greetbam Inclosure Bill committed.

605

to Glasson Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dent, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to npeet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Stiff key and Morston, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon^ at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, the Earl of Upper Ossory, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, in the Parish of Shotteswell, in the County of Warwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands apd Grounds, in the Parish of Durfford, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Sir Gilbert Elliot, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Earl Gower presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and - keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Womborne, to or near Gospel Oak, in the County of Stafford, and from Can Lane to the End of Hell Lane, and from Gospel End through the Village of Over Penn, to the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge, and from Fullwood's End to the Turnpike Road at or near

Moxley, and from Chitt's Grave to or near Prince's End, and from Shelton's Hall to the Town of Bilston, in the said County: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Brown, Esquire, with Susannah Solley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Greetham, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Anderson Pelham, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet

Vol. 48.

tins Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for -dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Allington Fields and other uninclosed Lands within the Manor or b'closure Bill Manors of Allington, in the County of Lincoln, was commi te read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Anderson Pelham, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according National to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum Debt B*11 of Two hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and Presentecl-paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Orston in-Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste 8ure Grounds, within the Townships of Orston and Thoroton, committe in the Parish of Orston, in the County of Nottingham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Anderson Pelham, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable Robert Claxton, of Bristol, Merchant, Mr. Claxton's

to take the Oath prescribed, and directed to be taken, B'H commit-by an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present ted‘ Majesty, for the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, the Marquis of Worcester, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Notice being taken, that His Majesty's Interest is King's Con-concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the ^hamSn-Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, Bill, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Covenham Saint Bartholomew and Covenham Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln; which Bill was, upon the 15th Day of March last, reported from the Committee to whom the same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

And the said Bill, being ingrossed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Covenham be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Incl<«"r«B»B

o o_ 1

Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other v Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Covenham Saint Bartholomew and Covenham Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Monmouth Acts, of the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Bill Second, and the Seventeenth Year of His present comnMt Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads therein mentioned leading to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wynd-

7 P ham.

606 4° — 5° 1793.

ham, Mr. Attains, &c.: And they arse tb meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Sp&akfer's Chamber.

?he Order of the Day being read; life House resolved itself into a Committee of the °Vte(?Lnito whole Hquse, to consider further of the Bill more ef-prevent Trai- fectually to prevent, during the War, all Traitorous torous Cor- Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given rerpondence. to, His Majesty's Enemies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

JVfr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that Tie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the skid Bill.

j i i ' -

And then the House adjoufiled till Tomorrow Morning, Teh of the Clock.

Sir johH Rods presented to the House, recording to Blything Order, a Bill for amending an Act, made in the Fourth PoorUil1 Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, " An Presenh:d'

" Act for the better Relief and Employment of the " Poor in the Hundred bf Blything, in the County of " Suffolk," and for granting some further Powers and Provisions for carrying the same more effectually into execution: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved;That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossfed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moreton and Commons or Waste Lands within the Townships of Wilbrighton iMofeton and Wilbrighton, otherwise in the

Parish of Gnosall, in the County of Stafford, was read passe ‘ the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Townships of Moreton and Wilbrighton, otherwise Wilberton, in the Parish of Griosdll, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr Derttdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Brewton Roads Bill reported.

Veneris, 5* die Aprilis;

Anno 33# Georgii ITIia 'Regis, 1793.

Tit AYERS.

,/~\Rf)ERED, That Jkfr. Rdo make the'Re-

port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the , Tdrms, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating, the Powers bf Two Acts bf Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Ye'ar(of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads and Streets ^n and '.hear the Town of in the County of

ffomerset, and foi; repairing. widening, and altering, the Road from the Turnpike^ Road at the West End of Brewion aforesaid, to th eWariTurnpike‘Road

in Horton Ravant Field, in the County of Wilts, and the Road leading from Kilmington Common, to the North

End of Nonney Common, in the County of Somerset, and from Mcuden Bradley, in the said County of to

Gare Mill, in the County of Somerset, and the Road from the Brewion Turnpike Road'on Hollwell Hill, to the Trome Turnpike Road at 'Honin the said County of Somerset, and' the Road from Ludxcelts Elm, to the Somerton Turnpike Road at Castle Cary, in the said County of Somerset, and the Road1 from the WestEqd of Brewton aforesaid, to the House of Richard ,<Chaffin, in iVeek Champflower,‘in the said" County of Somerset, was committed.

Mr. Rlackbume accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

Sue 'y and that the Committee had gone through the ill, and made several Amendments thereunto/which they had directed' to be reported to the' House; "arid he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ' Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally, put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with' the Amendments/ Be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Swinton and

Whbrti the Petition of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Silkstone Ca-Freeholders, Manufacturers, and others, of the West nal p*l'tion Riding of tile County of York, was referred; That the repor Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been Complied with; and that the Committee had e'xhtoined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Places 'and afterwards delivered it in at the 'Clerk's Table:

Where the skme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Thompson, an Engineer, being examined, said,

That from a Survey he has lately taken, it is practicable to make a Canal for the Navigation of Boats and Other Vessels, from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in the Township of SwitUOn,to or near to in the

West Riding of the County of Yorkwith Two Collateral Cuts to extend to certain Places in the Townships bf Barnesley and Hoytand, described in the Petition; and 'that the making and maintaining bf such Canal and Collateral'Cuts, with proper Towing :Paths,

Railways, and other Roads leading to the same, will open an easy Communication between several valuable ;Coal Mfries and the Towns of Rotherham and Sheffield, the Port of Hull, several Parts of the Counties of and Lincoln, and the Country with Which the said intended Canal and Collateral Branches will communicate, by means of the River Dun; and will facilitate the 1 Conveyance of Timber, Stone, Limestone, Lead,

Irori/Chirn, Groceries, and other Articles, and tend to the‘Improvement of the adjacent Lands, and also be of Pu blic Utillty. — 1Then,

Mr. ‘Robert Mylne, Engineer, being examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Thompson, with respect to the Practicability of making ‘ the said proposed Canal and Collateral Cuts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill'for making arid maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in the Township df Swinton, to or1 near the Town of Barnesley, in the Parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding of the County of York; and Certain1 Collateral' Cuts branching out of the Said Canal: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

FAR Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Halifax, whom the Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made in Bradford, Ac. the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small ,ep01lted 9 Debts

Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, ky, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley Batley,

field, Hartishead cum Clifton, Kirkheaton,

Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and few granting other Powers for those Purposes, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Cawthorne be added to the Gen- Memberadd* tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a ?!10 bnn8, B Bill pursuant to the Prayer of ther Petition of the several ^"^1" Proprietors and Owners of Lands within the Township,

Liberty, and Precincts of Bicester-King's-End, in the Parish of Bicester, in the County of Oxford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.

Mr. Cawthorne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Township of cester-King's-End, otherwise Bicester-Kings-End, in the Parish of Burcester., otherwise Bicester, in the County of Oxford: And the same wap received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bicester Inclosure Bill presented.

Petition for A Petition of Charles Brandling, Esquire, Lord of additional the Manor of Middleton, in the County of York, Owner LeedTcouls an<^ Proprietor of divers Coal Works in the said Ma-Biu. nor and Places adjacent, and the several Inhabitants

of the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill has been brought into the House, for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals, in which certain Powers are given to enable the said Charles Brandling to take and demand the Price of Six Pence Half-penny for every Corf, or Thirteen Shillings for every Waggon of Coals; and that the Petitioners are convinced that the said Sum of Thirteen Shillings per Waggon is not adequate and sufficient for the said Coals, and that it is equitable and just that the said Charles Brandling should be allowed to take and demand One Penny more on each Waggon of Coals: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for granting to the said Charles Brandling, the Addition of One Penny on each Waggon of Coals, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Day ap- Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 1 ith Day

pointed for of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom

ansidering the Petition of Thomas Baker, John Robert

faroham1 Allen, William Dowden, James Stevens, Junior, Citrus. Hop Planters Chitty, William Crump, Andreuf Collyer, Thomas Buddie, Petition. Robert Trimmer, Andrezo Bristow, Daniel Bristow, Senior, Bristow Bradley, William Shot ter,- Caleb Barker, Daniel Walden, Junior,

Andrew Merriott, Stephen Caesar, Thomas Knight, John Cullen, John Hughes, John Marriner, Edward'Bartholomew, William Metre, Benjamin Nichols, Henry Martin, Ann Allen, Henry Matthews, Alexander Gilbert, Elizabeth Whittingham, Daniel Bristow, Junior, Thomas Piper, John Walter, John Longhu

Samiiel Wakeley, John Page, George Alexander, William

Taphouse, Charles Restall, George West, Thomas Cooper, John Nowles, Elizabeth Mayo, Samuel Stevens, Mary Manwaring, James Edwards, John Baker, James Nash, William-Knight, and Anthony Williams, Inhabitants of, and Hop Planters within, the Parish of Eamham, in the County of Surrey, on behalf ®f themselves and the rest of the Hop Planters within the said Parish, was referred, be taken into Consideration - upon Monday Morning next.

Vol. 48.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of all Timber imported into the Port of Lan- Tlmber' ^c-caster, and of all other Articles imported into the said Lancaster1110 Port from the West Indies, for the last Five Years j ordered, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of all Money already disbursed by the Com- j^rsed b'Vhe pany of Proprietors, for carrying into execution an Act Kirk by Ken! for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from dal Canal Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Cmppany or-Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and of dered* all Estimates for Aqueducts and other Works attending the Undertaking.

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were House ad-not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and iourn* for Forty Members not heing present, and it being then after M^bers. Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Sdbbati, 6* die Aprilis;

Anno 33° Georgii IIIUi Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Owners and Occupiers of Petition from Lands and Hereditaments within the Twelve Occupiers of Parishes of the Town and Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and the Hamlets thereof, was pre- against Ips-sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the wich Paving Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise hill, improving, the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein; and Setting forth, That there are certain-Clauses and Provisions in the said Bill, which, if the same should pass into a Law, will materially affect the Interest of the Petitioners, and particularly a Clause by which it is proposed to lay a Rate or Assessment upon all Tenants of all Lands, Tythes, Parks, Paddocks, Pleasure Grounds, Mills, and other Hereditaments, within the Twelve Parishes of the said Town of Ipswich, and the Hamlets thereof, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and such intended Rate or Assessment will be very prejudicial to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be beard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

Ordered,

A. 1793.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Voice* to Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the onBiUto* Committee, to whom the Bill to alter and amend an amend Kirk- Act, Passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, by Kendal " An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable

Canal Act. " Canal from Kirkby ,in the County of West-

" morland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine " of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the " said intended Canal, at or near Borwick, to or near " Warton Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch " from, at, or near, Galemoss, by to or near

" Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of ,"

and also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near Galgate, to Glasson Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lanc, is committed.

Member add- Ordered That Mr. Henry Hobart be added to the

Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring rough* inclo- *n> a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of sure Bill. John Peach Hungerford, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Queneborough, in the County of Leicester, and a Proprietor of a very considerable Part of the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and -other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish or Lordship of Queneborough aforesaid, Edward Loveden Esquire, Impropriator

of the Great Tythes arising within the said Parish or Lordship, Proprietor of a considerable Quantity of Glebe Land there, and Patron of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Queneborough aforesaid, the Reverend John Simpson, Clerk, Vicar of the said Vicarage, and Robert Kilby, Anthony Henry Kilby, Isaac Kilby, William Biddles, and Thomas Whiles, Gentlemen, other Proprietors and Owners of Lands and Grounds in the said Parish or Lordship, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Parish or Lordship.

Quenebo- Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord-rough Inclo- ing to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and insure Bill closing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable presente . Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of Queneborough, in the County of Leicester .- And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Expiring Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord-Laws Bill ing to Order, a Bill to continue several Laws relating

presented. Landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar

Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies', to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by s Hydro-

meter; and to revive and continue an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, to be charged on the Consolidated Fund; and for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on British Spirits, and certain Duties on the Amount of assessed Taxes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to One other Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the " Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more " effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign " Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1736, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the Thirteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and the Fourth, Twelfth, Eighteenth, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1792, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Act mentioned in the said Resolution.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole' House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Order of Council, issued on the 20th

of February last, respecting the Embarkation and Landing of Persons coming from France to this Country.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities, &c. presented.

Report Expiring Laws.

National Debt Bill committed.

Address for Copy of Order of Council respecting the Embarkation and Landing of Persons coming from France.

Committee on re-committed Bill to prevent Traitorous Correspondence.

Shrewsbury and Nether Pool Canal Bill passed.

609

Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, now, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill more effectually to prevent, during the War, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now" and inserting the Words " upon Monday Morning next" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, now, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hemy Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 8° die Aprilis;

Anno 33® Georgii III,a Regis, 1793.

Prayeus.

AN ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at or near Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River

Mersey, at or near Nether Pool, in the County of Chester, and also certain Collateral Cuts, from the said intended Canal, was read the Third Time.'

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to empower the Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to take the Waste Water from the Chester Canal.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 184. 1.3. At the End of the Line to add " which shall not be wanted for " the Purposes of the said Canal, or of the said Ellesmere " Canal, or either of them,"

Pr. 194. 1. 34. To leave out from "required" to " at," in 1. 36. and insert " within Two Years next after the " Commencement of this Act" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Vo t. 48.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Nether-pool, in the County of Chester; and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Earl of Courtmn reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Saturday last (that His Majesty would Address, be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Copy of the Order of Council, issued on the 20th of February last, respecting the Embarkation and Landing of Persons coming from France to this Country, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Heathcote reported from the Committee, to Melton whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Mowbray Cut or Canal from the Leicester and Melton Mowbray and Navigation, in the Mill Close Homestead, in the Parish reported and of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, into re-commit-Cutt's Close, in the Parish of Oakham, in the County of ted.*

Rutland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other ' Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Normanton closing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Inclosure Commonable Heath Grounds, within the Parish of ®l11 passed* Normanton, in the County of Rutland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Heath Grounds, within the Parish of Normanton, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr. Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Marham Inclosing the Old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, closure Bill Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Com- P88*1* mons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Mar-ham, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third,

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Marham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Cardington Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the and Barford Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and ?r|1.<lge ®°?d widening the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, commi in the Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike Road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barford

7 Q Bridge,

610 8° Aprilis. A. 1793;

Bridge, and for continuing a Road from thence to the Great Northern Road, near Bridge, in the County of Bedford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitbread, Junior, Mr. Whitbread, Senior, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Penh Roads A Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more Bill commit- effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of led* His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain

Roads in the County of Perth, and for making and repairing the Road from Crieff, towards Stirling and Alloa, and other Roads, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Murray, Lord Frederick , &c.And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Glasgow-ami A Bill for completing, repairing, and maintaining

Port Dundas the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Port committed. Dundas, and from Port Dundas to the High Road leading from the City, of to Garscube,

by Dobbie's Loan, in the County of Lanerk, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Campbell, General Murray, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Grantham An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Canal Bill Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of passed. Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also, a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Crop-well Butler, to the Town of Bingham, both in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also, a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Butler, to the Town of Bingham, both in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Cawthorne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition for A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Leave to Town Council, of the City of Glasgow, for themselves, Petitioner anc* on behalf of the Community of the said City, was re-building presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That Glasgow since the last Day of presenting Petitions for private

Church. Bills, the Tron Church, One of the Parish Churches

in the said City, has been burned down by accidental - Fire, and it is necessary to re-build the said Church, either where it stood, or on some other Piece of Ground within the said City, as soon as conveniently may be, in order that the Parishioners and Inhabitants may have a Place of Public Worship: And therefore praying for Leave to present a Petition to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, notwithstanding the Time limited for presenting Petitions for private Bills has elapsed.

Leave given. Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Glasgow.

Glasgow Then a Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, Ci'uicL 1'eti- and Town Council, of the City of Glasgow, for them-Uon- selves, and on behalf of the Community of the said

City, was presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for the above

8

Purpose, under such Rules and Regulations as to the House shall seem proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. William Ml Dear all, Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are' to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Bill for re-House, according to Order a Bill for defining and £u,atin8 the regulating the Powers of the Commission of Teinds, Commission* or Tythes, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of Tythesin of the Clergy of Scotland: And the same was received; Scotland, and read the First Time. presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- Sbotteswell mon Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Inclosure Bill Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste committed-Land, in the Parish of Sbotteswell, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Adams, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

„ t

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Brown's Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Brown, Es- Divorce Bill quire, with Susannah Solley, his now Wife, and to comm, lte enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein-mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a -Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 16th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of Hie whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

A Petition of the Merchant Manufacturers, Traders, Petition from and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Nottingham and Nottingham its Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and respiting read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners approach 1 e ar‘ the House as the Guardian of the Public Peace and Welfare, and pray, That, by the Interposition of their Wisdom and Patriotism, the Petitioners and their Country may be rescued from the Evil of an impending War, singular in its Character, not founded on the usual Causes of War, which has no specific Object in View, no definite Prospect of Termination, unless in the absolute Conquest of a numerous and powerful People, a most arduous, if not impracticable Attempt, and which, in the present Circumstances of Great Britain, must be attended with heavy Suffering, without the Probability of any Gain or Acquisition to compensate for this Suffering: That to a Series of Wars, many of which with National Dignity might have been avoided, is owing to the immense Load of Debt, which bears with the most oppressive Weight on every Individual, and which nothing but the singular Prosperity of our Foreign Commerce could enable these Kingdoms to sustain: One principal Source of this Prosperity is Peace; the Petitioners pray, therefore, That the House will not suffer this

Source

.. i

8° Aprilis.

611

Source to be destroyed, nor this Country to participate in the Misery by participating in the Folly of other Nations: To add to a Debt which the Petitioners fear is irredeemable, and to an Amount which no one can calculate, ought to be justified by the last Necessity; nothing but the very Being and Preservation of our Country could reconcile it to the National Will; every Thing in our present Circumstances is adverse to War, the Dearness of Provisions, and of all the Necessaries and Comforts of Life, every Day advancing, and hardly supported by the utmost Exertions of Industry and Ingenuity; the alarming Progress of the Poor Rates; a wide Range of Taxation, which embraces every Form of Property, and cramps very Movement of the Subject; together with that delicate Balance between the Excellence and the Price of our Manufactures, on which our Foreign Commerce depends, all with One ominous Voice repel the Thought of War — War will increase every one of these internal Burthens, and co-operating with them diminish or ruin that Trade on which all depends, the Enjoyments as well as the Resources of this Country; And therefore also praying the House, That in their Goodness they will attend to the Supplications of their Country, and in their Wisdom avert an Evil which has but barely commenced, and which a pacific Disposition in the House cannot fail to dispel: To the-House, and to the Protection of the God of Peace, the Petitioners recommend themselves, their Fellow Citizens, and the impending Fate of Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

Lobley Hill An ingrossed Bill for altering, raising, widening, aodAldstone, repairing, and preserving the Road from the Turn-&< Hoad* pike Road between Gateshead and near

Bill passed. Lobley Hill, in the Parish of Wickham, in the Coupty

of Durham, to Aldstone, in the County of Cumberland, and a Branch from the said Road, near Bryan's Leap, in the County of Durham, to the Turnpike

Road, near Blackhedley, in the County of Northumberland, and another Branch from the said Road at singham, in the County of Durham, to Crosgate, near the City of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from the Turnpike Road between Gateshead and Hexham, hear Lobley Hill, in the Parish of Whickham, in the County of Durham, to Burtry Ford, in the Parish of Stanhope, in the same County, and a Branch from the said Road, near Bryans Leap, in the County of Durham, to the Corbridge Turnpike Road, near Blackhedley, in the County of Northumberland, and another Branch from the said Road at Wolsingham, in the County of Durham, to Crosgate, near the City of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition from A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Langbam thereto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of aai s^SUa* ^essuages> Lands, and Tenements, within the Pa-kevTnd " rishesof Langham and Morston, in the County of Nor-M'oiston In-folk, and entitled to certain Rights of Common, and closure Bill, other Rights and Interests within the Parishes of Morston and Langham aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Stiffkey and Morston, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds, within the said Parishes; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill, in its present Form, should pass into a Law, the same will be Vol. 48.

injurious to the Estates and Property of the Petitioners, by a partial Extinguishment of Rights, and by depriving the Petitioners of the Benefit which they now derive from their Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests id and over the Lands and Grounds intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, within the said Parish of Morston: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Part or. Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Property or Interests, or may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the Hduse shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Merchants and other Inhabi- petition from tants of the Parish of Blakeney, in the County of Nor- Blakeney folk, and of several other Persons who are Owners of agan, st Stiff-Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the said I'tonTnclo-0^ Parish of Blakeney, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, £ure and interested in the Preservation of the Harbour of Blakeney, in the said County, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the said Harbour lies on the North Coast of the said County, and is well situated for the general Purposes of Navigation and Commerce, and the Petitioners, and the Public in general, are interested in the Preservation thereof; and that there are within the Parishes of Stiffkey and Morston aforesaid, or one of them, certain large Tracts of Commonable Land called Salt Marshes, near, or adjacent to, the said Harbour, over which Marshes the Tide and Water of the Sea hath, for Time immemorial, flowed and reflowed, and the said Harbour of Blakeney hath been, and is now, kept open, and fit for the Purposes of Navigation and Commerce, chiefly by Means of the natural Operation of the said Tidal Waters flowing and re-flowing the rein; and that if the said Bill, in its present Form, should pass into a Law, and the said Salt Marshes should be inclosed and -embanked from the Sea, the Petitioners apprehend, that, for Want of the Tidal Water flowing and reflowing thereon in its usual and accustomed Manner, the said Harbour would be soon choaked up with Silth, and the Navigation therein would thereby be rendered difficult and dangerous, to the great Injury of the Petitioners and of the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Part or Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Property or Interests, or tend to the Injury or Obstruction of the said Harbour, and that some Provision may be made in the said Bill for preventing any Damage to the said Harbour by embanking or inclosing the said Salt Marshes, or that the Petitioners may have have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners ar^ to be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson be added to Member the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and added t(> bring in, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more ^on Sewers'" effectual, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His ana paving, present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for con- &c. Bill.

" solidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and " cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers within

" the

London Sewers, and Paving, &c. Bill presented.

Bill for raising a Sura by Annuities, &c. committed.

Bill to prevent Traitorous Correspondence, reported.

612 8° Aprilis. A. 1793.

" the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for " paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, " Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and " Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions " and Annoyances within the same."

Mr. Alderman Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more " effectual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and " cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers within " the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for " paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, " Squares, Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and " Places, and preventing and removing Obstructions " and Annoyances within the sameAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, to be charged on the Consolidated Fund; and for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on British Spirits, and certain Duties on the Amount of Assessed Taxes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w'hole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill more effectually to prevent, during the War, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 28. 1. 4. being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 28. 1.4, which was after " Realm," to insert, " and that any Offence against " this Act, committed within that Part of Great " tain called England, may be alledged, and be laid, " enquired of, and tried, in the County where such " Offence shall have been committed, or in the " County of Middlesex; and that any Offence against " this Act, committed within that Part of Great Britain " called Scotland, may be alledged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried, either before the Court of " Justiciary at Edinburgh, or in any of the Circuit " Courts in that Part of the United Kingdom," being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words " and " that any Offence against this Act, committed within " that Part of Great Britain called England, may be " alledged, and be laid, enquired of, and tried, in the County where such Offence shall have been " committed."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the said Amendment;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Two of them were disagreed to, and the other-was, with several Amendments thereunto, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to permit Persons possessed of Property in the French Funds, before the 1st of January last, to receive, in Exchange for the same, Lands, Tenements, or real or immoveable Property, in France,

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for ascertaining the Commencement of the Act at different Places.

And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks, which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Pill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fo. 28. 1. 9. by leaving out the Words " by " such like Evidence, and in such Manner and Form " as now are, or may, by the Law's of this Realm, or " any of them, be had or used against any Offender or " Offenders for counterfeiting the King's Money,

" any Thing in this Act contained, or any other Law " or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding," in order to insert these Words, "according to the Provisions " contained in a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty " King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for " regulating Trials in Cases of Treason and Misprision " of Treason," and according to the Provisions contained in a certain other Act of Parliament, passed " in the Seventh Year of her late Majesty Queen " intituled, "An Act for improving the Union of the " Two Kingdom and that such Person or Persons so accused or impeached as aforesaid, shall,

" upon his, her, or their Indictment, Arraignment,

" Trial, Conviction, or Attainder, be, and they are " hereby declared to be, entitled to all the Advantages,

" Benefits, and Privileges, contained in the hereinbefore-mentioned Acts of the Seventh of King William the Third, and of the Seventh of Queen Anne,

" in as full and ample Manner, as if the Provisions of " the said Acts wrere hereby and herein specially recited, re-enacted, and declared, any Thing in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{^'; }"»

Tellers for U,« Noes,} 3*.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Thomas Backhouse, William Douglas, Petition Henry Bromfield, Joseph Hadfield, and Henry Mesttins against Bill Bird, Merchants, concerned in the Trade with North traitorous America, was presented to the House, and read; correspoml-

Setting ence.

Dr. Hunting-lord to preach on the Fast Day.

Committee on National Debt Bill.

Report on Famham Bop Planters Petition considered.

613

Setting forth, That the Petitioners having, a few Days since, procured a Copy of the said Bill, and having duly deliberated thereon, conceive that, should the same, as it now stands, pass into a Law, certain Clauses thereof, affecting the American Trade, and the Insurances thereunto relating, will most essentially injure the Interests of this Country, and of Justice, without, in any adequate Degree, distressing the Enemy; and that the Petitioners have since been busily occupied in holding sundry Public Meetings of their own Body, and in obtaining Information respecting the same, especially from His Majesty's Ministers, and have in no respect whatever lost any Time therein, but on the contrary have been most busily employed to that End: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, Tomorrow, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, touching the Tendency of the said Clauses in the Bill so pending, not being able earlier to prepare the proper Materials respecting the same, and therein duly to instruct their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against such Parts of the Said Bill as are referred to in the said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Huntingford, Warden of Saint Mary's C, be de-

sired to preach before this House at Saint Margaret's Westminster, upon Friday, the igth Day of this Instant April, being the Day appointed by His Majesty's Royal Proclamation for a General Fast; and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr. Pole do

acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resplve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, be now read.

Ane the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report which, upon the nth Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Baker, John Manwaring, Robert Allen, William Douden, James Stevens, Junior, Chrus. Chilty, William Crump,

Thomas Buddie, Robert Trimmer, Andrew Bristow, Daniel Bristow, Senior, Bristow Bradley, William ter, Caleb Barker, Daniel Walden, Junior, Joseph Brown, Peter Edxvards, AndrewMerriott, Stephen Caesar,

Thomas Knight, John Cullen, John Hughes, John Mar-riner, Edward Bartholomeio, William Meere, Benjamin Nichols, Henry Martin, Ann Allen, Henry Matthews, Alexander Gilbert, Elizabeth Whitlingham, Daniel Bristow, Junior, Thomas Piper, John Walter, John Longhurst, William Freeharry, Samuel Wakeley, John Page, George Alexander, William Taphouse, Charles Vol. 48.

Restall. George West, Thomas Cooper, John Nowles,

Elizabeth Mayo, Samuel Stevens, Mary Mainwaring,

James Edxvards, John Baker, James Nash,

Knight, and Anthony Williams, Inhabitants of, and

Hop Planters within, the Parish of Famham, in the County of Surrey, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Hop Planters within the said Parish, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was again read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops planted in Fields in the Parish of Famham in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. William Clement Finch and Lord William Russell do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Jamaica, &c. Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present ^ree Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the Im- w^stIndia.

" portation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, Trade Acts " and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savan- to be connah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the s,derei1'

" Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the " Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama " Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions," might be read.

And the same w'as read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for amending an Act, passed " in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing the " Importation and Exportation of certain Goods " Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston,

" Savannah la Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea,

" in the Island of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George " in the Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau " in the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama " Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions;" and for regulating the Duties on the Importation of Goods and Commodities, the Growth and " Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend an Act, made " in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in " North America, and in the West India Islands, and " the Countries belonging to the United States of " America, and between His Majesty's said Subjects " and the Foreign Islands in the West Indies; and also,

" an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation " and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la " Mar, Montego Bay, and Santa Lucea, in the Island " of Jamaica, in the Port of Saint George in the " Island of Grenada, in the Port of Roseau in the "Island of Dominica, and in the Port of Nassau m " the Island of New Providence, One of the Bahama " Islands, under certain Regulations and Restrictions might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for making perpetual an Act, made in the Twentyseventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

7 R " intituled,

s

8° — 9° Aprilis.

A. 1793.

" intituled, "An Act for allowing the Importation and

Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, u in the Ports of Kingston, Savannah la Mar, Mon-- lego Bay, and Santa in the Island of Jamaica,

" in the Port of Saint George in the Island of Grenada,

"in the Port of Roseau in the Island of Dominica,

" and in the Port of Nassau, in the Island of New " Providence, One of the Bahama Islands, under " certain Regulations and Restrictions," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and " Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation'of Sugar;

" and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee " into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign " Ships," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the " Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Colonies " and Plantations in North America, and in the West " India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the " United States of America; and between His Majesty's " said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in the " Indies," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee The House resolved itself into a Committee of the on Poor Bill, whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and Halifax, An ingrossed Bill to repeal so much of an Act, made

Bradford,&c. in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, Small Debts relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of i passe . gman Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley, Birstal,

Mir field, Hartishead cum Clifton, Kirk-

heaion, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Half ax, Bradford, Kighley, Bingley, Guisely, Calverley, Batley, Birstal, Mirfield, Hartishead cum Clifton, Almondbury, heatoti, Kirkburton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilbcrfo do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

l

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 9° die Aprilis

t.

Anno 33* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

AM E S S AG E from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and The Lord* Mr. Spranger: haTeigrttd

Mr. Speaker, 10

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bethnal Act for paving and repairing certain Streets, Lanes, Green and other Public Passages and Places in the Parish Pa?1D6Bl11-of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Old Cock Lane and York Street as are in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hanbory Act for taking down and re-building the Tower of Church Bill, the Parish Church of Hanbury, in the County of Worcester, and for repairing the said Church, and rendering the same more commodious for the Parishioners; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cockerton for repairing the High Road leading from Cockerton an<*Stai"- Bridge, near Darlington, in the County of Durham, Ro," to Staindrop, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or ^®8a Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One r^*n/„r thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three; without any Exchequer Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One Loam" thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three; without Exchequer any Amendment: And also, Bills.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Paddington Act for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more Church Bill, effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for re-building the Parish Church of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging the " Church Yard of the said Parish;" with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the,

Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Leicester Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from Navigation the Town of Leicester, to communicate with the River Nen, in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a „ent . certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation; with |

an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill intituled, An Act to The Lords dissolve the Marriage of John Street, Gentleman, with have passed Lucy Duncumb, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein men- 1T0IW tioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Heracbell's naturalizing William HerscheT, to which the Lords Nat. Bill, desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

* An

to

to

tic

for

fir

Rc

anc

fe

Bn k1

the

be,

He

Fs

Be

wo

tlu

Ct

on

foe

to

eo:

Pi

be

th

tlh

fui

sai

m

.N

bJ

0

fei

HSU

''tors*

33 Geo. III.

9* Aprilis.

615

Street's Di-toree Bill

rettd,

An ingrosged Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually

to dissolve the Marriage of John , Gentleman, with Lucy Duncumb, now Wife, and to enable him

to marry ag810* and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

!L,

Hit,

i Lett-,

h*

h Pjft

1 Pins

Genii' ut an?

all;

jt:

i.L!

Hencheirs Nat, Bill read.

Hadley, Sooth Ben-fleet, &c. Roads Bill passed.

amended and l(ept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is enlarged, and some further Powers granted.

Ordered, That Leave be given tp bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign, of his late Majesty An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for

for naturalising William IJcrschell, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the

repairing several Roads leading into the City of " Glasgozv," and of another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act, _ _ and of another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of

Roads from Hadley Turnpike Gate to Stifford Bridge* the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the and from a Farm House called Tarpotts to the Town of Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-South Bcnfleet, and from the Pound in the Town of sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his Brentwood to Tilbury Tort, and from Billericay to Horn- late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing don on the Hill, and from Stanford Bridge to Purjleet, in several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow so far as the County of Essex, was read the Third Time. the same relate to the Road leading from the said City

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title of Glasgow, through Cmcaddens, to that Part of the

Water of Kelvin called The M

And that Sir Archibald Edmonstone and Mr. William M'Dozvall do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for amending an Act, made in the Fourth Year Blything

be. An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Hadley Turnpike Gate to Stifford Bridge, and from a Farm House called Tarpotts to the Town of South

Benfleet, and from the Pound in the Town of Brent-

wood to Tilbury Fort, and from Billericay to Horndon on the Hill, and from Stafford Bridge to Purjleet, in the of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for Poor Bill

County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill

Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navi-nation Bill

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leeds to Liver-

the better Relief ana Employment of the Poor in the cwnmitted. " Hundred of Blything, in the County of Suffolk," and for granting some further Powers and Provisions for carrying the same more effectually into Execution, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John

pool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and Rous, Sir Charles Banbury, Ac,: And they are to meet to raise a further Sum of Money for the Purpose of this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers completing the said Canal Navigation; and for other Chamber.

id,.1;:.

vld

IK*

l(lir-

it.

E';

ear if' c.fa

ill

;tie

.tl

liver;

iviti

0

ettr

Wit:' flit 0

,-r

Purposes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill da pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Leak to Liverpool to vary the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to raise a

Glasgow 2nd Garscube Road Petition reported.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, against the the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Mills, Wharfs, ^var^the' and other Premisses, on or near the River Blackwater, Line of the further Sum of Money for the Purpose of completing the leading by Heybridge to stealch, and from the Chelmsford

said Canal Navigation; and for other Purposes. said Colliers Reach to or near the Town and Port of Navigation.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to Maldon, and from thence to the River above

Beely Mill, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Colliers Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the said County; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Archibald Edmonstone reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed by the Acts of Parliament thereafter recited, and

Owners of Land in the County of Lanerk, was re- are informed, by the Votes, that Application was made

ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report iu his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow," and

to the House, on the ilth Day of March last, for another Cut or Canal to be made pavigable for Colliers, and other Vessels of large Burthen, from Collier's Reach aforesaid, to or near the Town and Port of,

and for a Bason to be formed there with proper Wharfs, Quays, and other Conveniences thereto, and for a Cut or Canal to be made navigable for Barges and other Vessels from the said Bason, to communicate with the said River Chelmer above Beely Mill aforesaid, and that the Petitioners beg Leave to state to the House, that, although such last mentioned Cut or Canal would be of about Two Miles in Length, the Standing Orders of this House, so salutary for the

also, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of his Protection of Property and Individuals, have not been said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more attended to, or complied with, and the Petitioners, effectual the said Act; and a)so, an Act passed in the who are materially interested, are consequently unable Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, for enlarging to discover and ascertain to what Extent their Property the Terms and Powers of the said Two last mentioned and Interests may be affected: And therefore praying. Acts, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from That the House will not suffer any further Proceedings the City of Glasgow through Cowcaddem to that Part of to be had upon the Application for such other Cut or the Water of Kelvin, called The Milfford ff Garscube, Canal leading from Colliers Reach aforesaid, to or near were read: And, the said Town and Port of Maldon, and communi-

A Member present informed your Committee, That eating with the said River Chelmer above Beely Mill for the Purpose of repairing the said Roads, a consi- aforesaid.

derable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Credit of the Tolls, Part of which still remains due, Table, until the Report be received from the Com-Voi. 48. mittee,

9° Apr ills.

A. 1793.

Armtey Inclosure Bill committed.

mittee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and other Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Maldon, in the 'County of Essex, is referred.

A Motion being made. That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Armley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, be now read a Second Time;

And the House being informed, that the several.

Persons who petitioned this House upon the 26th Day sai<^ Borough, amounted to One hundred and Twenty-of March last, praying to be heard, by their Counsel three, but that William Henry Thomas Carteret

and Witnesses, against the said Bill, and which Petition Hardy, and John Cole who were Householders

was then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said the said Borough, and omitted in the Rate through

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petition are thereunto subscribed, being lawful Electors of the SB®** Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, venting Bri-was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, bery at That the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Stockbridge Southampton, is an ancient Borough, and a Borough by ElectioiL Prescription, and the Right of 'Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough is in Householders paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms; and that the Number of Persons in the Poors Rate for the said Borough, made previous to the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the

Petition against referred, and Counsel ordered.

Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard, by their Counsel, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

J lesolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William

Mordaunt Milner, Mr. Plumer, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands and Tenements, within the Manor and Township of Armley, in the West Riding of the County of York (which was presented to the House upon the 26th Day of March last) be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, ‘by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Committee on Bill re-

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ^eBeer altering the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as respects the Quality of Table Beer Brewed by Common Brewers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Day ap- Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining SecondRead- a nav^8a^^e Canal from the River Colder, in the ing of Warm- Township of Warmfidd cum Heath, to or near the

field cum Heath and the Partiality of the then Officers, appealed to the Quarter Sessions to be inserted in such Rate, and such their Appeal was allowed by the Justices at the Sessions, so that the real Number of legal Voters at the last Election amounted to One hundred and Twenty-six^; and that, by the Minutes of the Evidence taken before a Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the Merits of the last Election, it appears that some of the Voters at such Election, but all of whom were in one Interest, and voted for John Cator and John Scott, Esquires, were alledged to have been guilty of Bribery and Corruption, out of which Number has

been convicted of Perjury, and is now in Confinement for that Offence, and Hugh Goddard, Samuel Cole, and John Churcher, are since dead, and the Voters, who were so alledged to have been guilty of Bribery and Corruption, are a Minority of the Voters for the said Borough, and that the present Number of Persons who are Householders of the said Borough, and rated to the Relief of the Poor of the said Borough, amount to One hundred and Forty-one; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill has been brought into the House, and is now depending, by which, should it pass into a Law, their Rights will be most materially affected, and the usual and ancient Mode of Election in the said Borough essentially altered; and that the Petitioners feel with infinite Concern, that they, by the said Bill, will be involved in the Guilt, or supposed Guilt, of others, and deprived of their dearest Franchise for Offences which they neither committed, nor were privy to the Commission of, the Petitioners not being directly or indirectly implicated or concerned in the Bribery and Corruption alledged to have taken Place at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, nor of any other Bribery or Corruption whatsoever, and the Petitioners submit to the Justice of the House, that, as no Proof whatever was brought before the Committee of any of the Petitioners having been guilty of a single Act of Bribery, nor any Charge of Bribery made, or even insinuated, against them before the said Committee, they ought not to be included in a Punishment which, if it has been incurred, and is fit to be inflicted, should fall only on the Guilty, and extend only to such Electors as can be proved to have made an improper Use of their Franchise: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and upon the Matters contained in this their Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Town of Barnsley, and from thence to Bamby Bridge, Table, until the Bill for the preventing of Bribery and in the Township of Cmthorne, and a Collateral Cut Corruption in the Election of Members to serve nanJill a" branching out of the said intended Canal at or near in Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the Bargh Mill, to, or nearly to, Haigh Bridge, in the County of Southampton, be read a Second Time; and Township of Woolley, all in the West Riding of the that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their County of York, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Morning next. Petition, if they think fit.

J A Bill

'3.

33 Geo. . III.

9° Apri.

617

b

»ni;

?of

by

;Ll?

k

tie

iers

't

ti*

ijci

'5

H\;

*ore

in

't

Tj

'45

i?st

m

t:o

si^ Bill to amend A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the

!; Aci Kila"le Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Third, £ of intituled, "An Act for the further regulating Elec-v,: Notices of " tions of Members to serve in Parliament, and for Tune and the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs Etons anc* other Officers in the electing and returning wmmiued. " such Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Lie

d

4

a:

j*

is

os

;ce

j

if

ie

i-

Q

H

if

11

s,

Efpirinj Laws bill committed.

IWon r.nd Hall Hoads Petition isported.

A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in to

the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies;to the granting a Bounty-on certain Species of British and Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clark's Hydrometer; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees empowered to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road leading " from a Gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the " South-East Side of the Town of in the East

" Riding of the County of York, through the said " Town, to Hull North Bridge," and the other made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majest King George the Third, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the aforesaid Act, and for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Holmes,

through the Townships of IVy and to the Guide Post in Flinlon Lane, near Moor House,

in the same Riding, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vox.. 48.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. George Bramwell being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, the greatest Part of which still remains due. That the Terms granted by the said Acts are near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are further continued, and the Powers altered and enlarged, and, particularly, the Tolls increased so far as respects the Road directed to be repaired by the said Act of the Seventh of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing i lie Road leading from a Gate commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South-East Side of the Town of in

the East Riding of the County of through the said Town, to Hull North Bridge, and for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Wyton Holmes, through the Townships of Wyton and Sproatley, to the Guide Post in F/inton Lane, near Humbleton Moor House, in the same Riding: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Wilberj'oree, and Mr. Buncombe, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Terms, and Brewton altering, enlarging, and consolidating, (he Powers of RoadsBi11 Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth passed'

\ ear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening' several Roads and Streets in and near the Town of Brewton, in the County of Somerset; and for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from the Turnpike Road at the West End of Brewton aforesaid, to the Warminster Turnpike Road in Norton Bavant Field, in the County of Wilts, and the Road leading from Kil-mington Common, to the North End of Nonney Common, in the County of Somerset, and from Maiden Bradley, in the said County of Wilts, to Gave in the County of Somerset, and the Road from the Brewton Turnpike Road on Holhcell Hill, to the Frome Turnpike Road at Honey Thorn Hill, in the said County of Somerset, and the Road from Ludwell's Elm, to the Somerton Turnpike Road at Castle Cary, in the said County of Somerset, and the Road from the West End of Brewton aforesaid, to the House of Richard Chaffin, . in Week Champjlower, in the said County of Somerset,

was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Title he, An Act for continuing the Terms, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating, the Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads and Streets in and near the Town of Brewton, in the County of Somerset, therein described; and also for repairing, widening, and altering, several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburnedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Pybus do make the Report from poor Bill the Committee of the whole House, to whom the reported. Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, was committed.

Mr. Pybus accordingly reported from the said 7 S Committee,

9® Apri

A. 1793.

Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his ]Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Bill to con- Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according Duties*^*" ^r^er» a to continue certain Duties of Excise on Foreign0" Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a Time Spirits pre- to be limited, and also for continuing certain Laws of tented. Excise therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

National Debt Dill reported.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, was committed.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the Ilouse; and he read the Report in . his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill for rais- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ing a Sum by resoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon icdefcrred. the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, to be charged on the Consolidated Fund; and for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on British Spirits, and certain Duties on the Amount of Assessed Taxes;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

King's Mes- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the sage for Vote House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this re( it jj0Uge> signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, relying on the zealous and affectionate Support of His faithful Commons in the vigorous Prosecution of the War in which He is engaged, recommends it to this House to consider of making Provision towards enabling His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service of the present Year, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require.

<9. R.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to to take His Majesty's said most Gracious Message into Consideration.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill r«p«t establish certain Regulations respecting Officers serving inB p®'01 in several Corps of Fencible Men, in that Part of Great tervin8 Britain called Scotland, and in certain other Corps which ciMes&c.W may be directed to be raised in Great Britain: And ordered, that Mr. Secretary at War and Lord Frederick Campbell do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Counsel Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) more effectually to prevent, during the War, all Traitorous Correspondence ing'of BiUt* with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's prevmtTrai. Enemies; Wr0M Cor-

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third resPon(lena Time.

Then the Counsel against the Bill was called in.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time

And the Petition of Thomas Backhouse, William Douglas, Henry Bromfield, Joseph Hadfield, and Henvy Mesttins Bird, Merchants concerned in the Trade with North America, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard in Support of the said Petition.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill do pass;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the House do now adjourn;

In passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being again proposed, That the Bill do pass;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to prevent all Traitorous Correspondence with Her Majesty's Enemies," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

'54-

53-

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Edward James ]

Eliot, [ i

Mr. John Smyth: J

[ Mr. Grey, ]

Tellers for the Noes, J Mr. Whitbread, >

( Junior. |

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Bill to p*-Title be, An Act more effectually to prevent, during *«nt Tnu-the present War between Great Britain and France, all torous *-"‘ Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, St. GwrgA to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Road Sum Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Houses and Ground situate in a certain Place called rep^ntj. Holland's Leagure. and in that Part of the Upper Ground Street which lies on the East Side of Saint George's, or the High Road leading from Blackfriars Bridge to the Obelisk, in Saint George's Fields, in the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had not been complied with, it not being determined to make Application to Parliament until after the Time limited for giving the Notices as required by the said Standing Orders; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered,

Ot

Bike

At

At

tfc

To

in Pi State Pass eroi a ne Ci e» ffe Placi Crfi the ari Pass Sire istl on lew Ho Inc

m

tkn

the

as

cor

Ta

sta

S

so

to

F

lit

G

C

ar

G

in

a1

S

P

9° — "10°

619

saci

li

H -

Ordered, That Lord William Russell have Leave to boroughs and in giving the Country Magistrates a make a Motion, it being after Nine of the Clock. concurrent Power with the Borough Justices, but in

And he moved the House accordingly. a Variety of other Instances equally prejudicial to

And the said Report was read; and is aS followeth; the Rights and Privileges of the said ancient Town viz. and Borough: And therefore praying, That they may

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, be heard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, Mr. John William Hiort being examined, said, That against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, the greater Part of the Houses and Buildings, situate and that the same may not pass into a Law as it ppw in Part of the Upper Ground Street are in a ruinous stands.

State, and fit only to be pulled down, and the present Passage through the same is incommodious and dangerous; and that it would be of great Public Utility if a new and commodious Street was made from Saint George's Road aforesaid, through the said Place called Holland,s Leagurc, into and across a certain other Place, called The Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish of Christchurch, and the same properly paved, cleansed, lighted, watched, and regulated; and, that when the same is mude, the Passage through the said Part of the Upper Ground Street will become useless — And he further said. That as the said Part of the said Upper Ground Street lies on or near the Bank of the River Thames, it will tend greatly to the Advantage of the Owners of the Houses, Wharfs, and Estates there, and would be of no Inconvenience to the Public, if that Part of the said Upper Ground Street was shut up, and the Passage through the same discontinued, and the Ground thereof laid into the said Wharfs and Estates, as soon as the said new Street shall have been laid out and completed.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be beard, by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Lancelot Brown reported from the Committee, StNeoU to whom the Bill to continue the Term and Powers an<* Ca"J* of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign BUlfcpontd. of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the West End " of Saint Ire's Lane, in the Town of Saint Neots,

" in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at " the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge:" was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be granted that Notices may be given at the Easter next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey, and in Three Newspapers to be printed or circulated in the said County in this present Month of April, of the Application to Par- ingrossed. liament for a Bill for making a new Street from Saint

George's Road, in the Parish of Christchurch, in the Mr. Lancelot Brown reported from the Committee, Oodnum-County of Surrey, through Holland's Leagure, into to whom the Bill to continue the Terms of Two and across the Green Walk, and from thence into several Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Gravel Lane, in the said Parish, and for paving, cleans- Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, ing, lighting, watching, and regulating the said Street, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present

..... Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from , in the County of Huntingdon,

through Fenstanlon and Cambridge, to the first Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cam-And then thellouse adjourned till Tomorrow bridge, was committed; That the Committee had ex- — ‘ amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same

to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment wa3 Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ing, iigmuig, nnwmig, wiu lcguiuuug me tsuiu oireci,

and for discontinuing, as a Public Highway, Part of a Street, called The Upper Ground Street, in the said Parish.

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 10° die;

Anno 33* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1703.

Ww Off

Dll Petition from

in Use Corpora-

k tion of lps-vocb against

vfc bswich Pav-

til k d ui^Bitt.

Praters.

— — ' o i *

in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House,

ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported n-spect-froin the Committee of the whole House, to whom '"Stable

' Beer re-

tS

is

and Provisions in the Bill, now before a Committee in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His pre-of the House, for paving, lighting, cleansing, and sent Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable for otherwise improving, the Town of Ipswich, in the Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclu-County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing sive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and which, if passed into a Law, will materially affect the for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as re-Interests of the Petitioners, not only as militating spects the Quality of Table Beer brewed by Com-against the Chartered Rights of the Corporation, in mon Brewers, was committed, the Amendments which taking away the NPowers of the Bailiffs and Head- the Committee had made to the Bill, and which V o l. 4k. they

they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Chelmsford Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

Navigation Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Bill commit- XT 5 r P

te(j. Navigation from, or nearly from, the Town of Chelms-

ford, in the County of , to a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River in the said

County, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that the several Persons who petitioned this House, upon the 21st Day of March last, praying to be heard, by themselves.

A. 1793.

or Counsel, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this Stage of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bullock, Mr. Bramston, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Tire House being informed that Mr. Fisher, from Account of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called Monies paiJ in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant j"terest'of to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, 187,000l.

An Account of the Monies paid into the Exchequer, raised by An. in Part of Interest, on the Sum of 187,000 /. raised nui, ie5» Pre-by Annuities by Act 29° Georgii T Regis, for the £ented‘ Year ended the 5th Day of April, 1793.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

10" Aprilis.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled.

AN ACCOUNT of the Monies paid into the Exchequer, in Part of Interest on the Sum of One hundred Eighty-seven thousand Pounds, raised by Annuities by Act 29* Georgii Tertii Regis, for the Year ended the 5th Day of April 1793.

THE Monies paid into the Exchequer, in Part of Interest upon the above Principal Sum of One hundred Eighty-seven thousand Pounds, amount to the Sum of Eight thousand Fifty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence.

Exchequer, the toth Day of April 1793.

James Fisher.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

West Harp- A Bill for making, amending, diverting, and widen-&c'Roads°W' *nS ^ie P°a(^s» leading from to the

Bill commit- Bath and Wells Turnpike Road, at and

ted. from West Harptry to the Bath Turnpike Road at

Marksbury, and from Wsst Harptry to Fore Cross, in the Parish of Churchill, and from West Harptry to the Blue Bowl Inn, in Compton Marlin, and from ion, to the Town of Wrinand from The Nine Elms, at North Widcombe, to Coley in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. Strutt,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Blackburne, according to Order, reported from Confbrook ^ie Committee, to whom the Bill for making and

Canal Bill maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Calder Na-

reported. vigation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the Parish of Hal fox, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridgewater, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Mills upon the lliver Irk, and the Streams and Ri-vuluts flowing into the same River, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Feoffees of the Free Grammar School in Manchester, in the County Palatine of and also, the

Petition of John Trafford, of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Owners and Occupiers of Mills situate

on the River Calder, in the West Riding of the County of York, above the Junction of the Calder and Hebble Navigation with the said River; and also, the Petition of the Reverend Doctor Cooke, President of Co?pus Christi College, in the University of Oxford, the Reverend Doctor Assheton, Warden of the Collegiate Church in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Charles Lawson, M. A. High Master of the Free Grammar School in Manchester aforesaid, for the Time now being, and the present Exhibitioners of the same School at Oxford and Cambridge, on Behalf of themselves and others, who may hereafter be their Successors; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Mills upon the Rivers Roach and Irwell, and the Streams and Rivulets flowing into such Rivers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Occupiers of Corn Mills, Fulling Mills, and other Mills, upon the River Calder, near Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York: and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester, to or near and Old-

ham; and also, the Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard the Eight first-mentioned Petitioners, by their Counsel, and had considered the said last mentioned Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put; That the said Report be now brought up;

o*" The

Iff* Apri

621

| 68.

}48.

Bedford; which Bill was, upon Thursday last, read a Second Time, and committed.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Committee on Kings Message for Vote of Credit.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

rp i, c„ /Colonel Egerton,

Tellers for the \ eas, (Mr Ornttome:

Tellers for the Noes, {*£ S,mk*'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Blackburne accordingly delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Report was read. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill to re-

And several of the Amendments made by the Com- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, »tram em-mittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second upon the Bill to restrain the employing of any Persons Time; upon the Question severally put thereupon, One in making Navigable Canals during the Time of the ing canals of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to Corn Harvest j put off for

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, 3 Mouths. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till after the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Yesterday, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming Billtoinca-the adjourned Debate on the Motion, made upon the Pacitafe cer* 20th Day of March last, That Leave be given to stock-10 bring in a Bill to incapacitate William Bern, John bridge, or-Horner, William Horner, James William Eles, dered.

William Thomas, Thomas Hamer, John Hulbert, John Hulbert, Senior, James Gornal, George Woodford, Thomas Major, John Abbot, Thomas Mabberley, William mont, John Goddard, John Bern, Senior, Joseph Nicholas, Benjamin Rogers, Charles Thomas

Cooper, John Elton, Senior, William Elton, Richard Geary, John Ventham, William B Hayter,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had William Cooper, Charles Blunden, John Woodley, Robert

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Tie Lords havt agTted to

Militia Pay Bill.

A Message from the Lords, Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

Gatehouse, William Tonge, John Hulbert, Senior, Charles Salter, John Pitber, Job Darnford, John Tibbie, Hugh Goddard, Edward Bartley, Hugh Cooper, John Sainiders, John Edmonds, James Harris, Thomas Haines, John Elton, Senior, James Elton, Josiah James, by Mr. Walker and Joseph Coles, John Arlett, William

bury, Eduard Wigg, William Spencer, William Stacey, William Halbert, Samuel Cole, William Hayter, George

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Reekcs, Solomon Beds ord, Thomas Miller, John Brixey,

a,

for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three and for making Provision for Adjutants who have served

and John Tuttle, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, from voting hereafter at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being

a certain Time in the Militia; without any Amendment: put, That the said Debate be further adjourned till this

And also, Day Three Months,

Sutton Coldfield Hoad Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the Term, and vary " the Powers, of so much of an Act, made in the " Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty,

" for repairing the Road from Sutton Coldfield Common,

" and several other Roads therein described, in the " County of Stafford, as relates to the Wolverhampton " District of Roads;" without any Amendment: And also,

Pawnbrokers The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, An Act, passed in the

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas

Mr. Hussey, Mr. Pow:

18.

Bill, with Amendments,

Tellers for the Noes (Mr‘ Salusbur^ i 1Q

tellers lor the Noes, Basset: f 9>

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to incapacitate William Bern, John Horner, William Horner, James Cooper, William Eles, William Thomas, Hamer, John Hulbert, John Hulbert, Senior, James Gornal, George Woodford, Thomas , John Abbot, Thomas Mabberley, William Beaumont, John Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Goddard, John Bern, Senior, Joseph , Benjamin

intituled, "An Act for further regulating the Trade or Rogers, Charles Stanbridge, Thomas , John Elton, Business of Pawnbrokerswith some Amendments; Senior, William Elton, Richard Geary, John Ventham, to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence William Briant, Edward Hayter, William Cooper, of this House. Charles Blunden, John Woodley, Robert Gatehouse,

William Tonge, John Hulbert, Senior, Charles Salter, John Pitber, Job Darnford, John Boscall, William Ring's Con- Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is Tibbie, Hugh Goddard, Edward Bartley, Hugh,

«nt to Mil- concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the John Saunders, John Edmonds, James Harris, Thomas inclosure Bill. ^Pen an(l Common Fields and ' Meadows, Common Haines, John Elton, Senior, James Elton, Josiah James, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, Joseph Coles, John Arlett, William Haines, George

And then the Messengers withdrew.

within the Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Salisbury, Edward Wigg, William Vol. 48. 7 T

Spencer, William Stacey,

10° A prills. A. 1793.

Stacey, William Halbert, Samuel Cole, William Hayter, George Reekes, Solomon Bedford, Thomas Miller, John Brixey, and John Tuttle, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Southampton, from voting hereafter at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. Salisbury and Sir Francis Basset do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to red*"8 d<<*r* res0^ve itself 'nt° a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House to on Jamaica, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Port Act* and cons^er of several Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh, West India Twenty-eighth, Thirtieth, and Thirty-first Years of Trade Acta the Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Ses-deferred. sjon of Parliament, relating to Free Ports, and the I Vest India Trade;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for rais- The other Order of the Day beingread; inga Sumby Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-&c"sc>cleS> ,no' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred. upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities, to be charged on the Consolidated Fund; and for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on British Spirits, and certain Duties on the Amount of assessed Taxes.

Adjourned The Order, made this Day, for resuming the ad-Uono'nieDort journe^ Consideration of the Report which was made of Sowcrby from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Bridge and and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Combrook Navigation, at or near Bridge Wharf, in the

resumed' Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridge-water in the Parish Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, was committed, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein contained shall affect the Duke of Bridgewater's Interest, without his Consent.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third Time upon this Day Sevennight, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Ordered, That Colonel Egerton have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Day appoint- Ordered, That the Bill for making and maintaining lUaduigof a Navigable Canal from the Manchester, Bolton, and Bill to extend Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly at, a Place the blanches- called Hindes Mill, in the Parish of Bury, in the and BultOI>' County Palatine of Lancaster, to, and into, the Colder

Canal.Ury Navigation, at or neat to Scrwerby Bridge, in the Parish of Ha If ax, in the West Riding of the County of York,

also another Navigable Canal from the said Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, at Bolton, to a Place at, or near to Red Moss, in the Township of Blackrod, in the said County of Lancaster, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of several Inhabitants, Housekeepers of Petition re-the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, spiting the paying Scotland Lot within the said Town and Port, for

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Electors Seaford. of Members to represent the said Town and Port in Parliament, on Behalf of themselves and other Electors for the said Town and Port, was delivered in at the Table, and read; Setting forth, That, upon the 19th Day of March 1792, the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of a Petition of Sir Godfrey Webster, Baronet, and John Tarleton, Esquire, against the Return of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port of Seaford, reported to the House, that they had determined,

" That the Right of Election is in the Inhabitants,

" Housekeepers of the said Town and Port, paying " Scotland Lot, and in such Inhabitants Housekeepers onlyand that certain Persons, pretending to be Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Town and Port, having, on the 12th Day of February last, presented a Petition to this House, praying that they may be admitted as Parties, according to the Form of the Statute in that Case lately made and provided, to oppose the said Right of Election, in Favour of which the said Select Committee have reported as aforesaid, and the Petitioners insisting that the said Right of Election, in Favour of which the said Select Committee have determined as aforesaid, is the true Right of Election for the said Town and Port of Seaford: Therefore praying, That they may be admitted as Parties to defend such Right of Election so reported to the House as aforesaid, and that they may have such further and other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration, upon Monday, the 5U1 Day of August next, at the same Time that the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, being legal Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, is ordered to be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, or Warrants, for such Persons, Papers, and Records, as shall be thought necessary, by the several Parties, on the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition.

Memorandum:

That N otice of the said Petition, and of the Time appointed for taking the same into Consideration, was inserted, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, in The London Gazette, and also sent to the Returning Officer of the Town and Port of Seaford, according to the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

33 Geo. III.

Douglas Bridge and Haddington, &c. Hoads Petition reported.

ir

Jovis, 11° die Anno 33° Georgii III. U Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

MR. John Hamilton reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Trustees, for amending and keeping in Repair the Turnpike Roads, in the County of Haddington, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with (except that the Notices of the Application for repairing the Road from Ravens Bridge to North Berwick, and by Preston Pans, and also the Road from Wallyj'ord Bar to Tynningham, and also the Road from Ormiston to the Post Road at Burnley Path, and also, the Road from Gladsmuir Kirk to the Boundary of the Country towards Dalkeith, were inserted Once in The Edinburgh Advertiser, of the 25th to the 28th September, Once in The Edinburgh Herald, of the 28th September, and Once in The Caledonian Mercury, of the 30th September, there not being Time, after the Determination to repair those Branches of Road, to give such Notice, in some One Newspaper, Three Times within the Month of September, but that the greatest Part of the

Owners of Land through which such ltoads lead are consenting the reto); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road leading from Dunglas Bridge to the Town of " Haddington, and from thence to Ravenshaugh Burn,

" in the County of Haddingtonand also, another Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said last mentioned Act, were read: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Acts be further continued and enlarged.

And the said Member further said, That the Road from Kilpallet Burn to Tranent, by Danskine, Gifford, Salton, and Spindleford Bridge; and also the Road from Garvald and Whittinghame by Morhame Loan Head,

Saundersdean, Coalstoun, Parkend, Begbie, Samuelston, Penston, and Tranent; and also, the Road from Tranent by Buxley to Ormiston, and from thence to the South Boundary of the County at; and also, the

Road leading from Ormiston through Millmains, by Cloutshouses and Crosshouse Westward, into the Post Road at Bainsley or Birsley Path; and also, the Road from Ravenshaugh Bridge to North and Tynningham, and Dunbar, by Preston Pans, . and

Aberlady; and also, the Road leading from Ravenshaugh Bridge aforesaid, near by Bye-bar, by

Preston, Longniddry, and Congalton, to Tynningham; and also, the Road from Gladsmuir Kirk to Dalkeith, by Penston, Buxley, and Elphingston, to the West Boundary of the County at Lonside Head, are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be amended and kept in proper Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads Vox.. 48.

iprilis. 623

from Dunglas Bridge to the Town of Haddington, and from thence to Ravenshaugh Burn, in the County of Haddington, and for making, amending, altering, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of the said Roads within the said County: And that Mr. John Hamilton and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in', the same.

Mr. William Clement Finch presented to the House, FarnhamHop according to Order, a Bill for ascertaining the Com- Tythe Bill position to be paid for the Tythe of Hops planted in Presente Fields in the Parish of Farnham, in the County of Surrey :And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Petition from Estates in the Parish of Battersea, in the County of Battersea Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; Setting ®eainst p«"8e forth, That a Bill is depending in the House for di- "c osure viding and inclosing a certain Piece of Common or Waste Ground, called Penge Common, Part and Parcel of the Manor and Parish of Battersea, and observing-the said Piece of Common or Waste Ground is to be divided and allotted, not among all the Tenants of the said Manor of Battersea, having Right of Common, and other Rights thereon, but only among such of the adjacent Tenants of the said Manor of Battersea, whose Estates lie contiguous thereto, this, the Petitioners submit to the House, is wholly unprecedented, and a manifest Wrong to the Estates and Interests of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners further conceive, that the Consents have not been obtained of Four-fifths of the Tenants of the Manor and Parish of Battersea, having Right of Common on the said Piece of Common or Waste Ground, not even by any considerable Number thereof: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Penge Common, lying within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey, be read a Second'l ime; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term and Powers St. Neots of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of and Cam-His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing gj'n passed*1 " and widening the Road from the West End of " Ire's Lane, in the Town of Saint Neots, in the County " of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of " Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridge," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from the West End of Saint Ive's Lane,

"in the Town of Saint Neots, in the County of " tingdon. to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane,

" in the Town of Cambridge

Ordered, That Mr. Lancelot Brown do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of William Jennens, of Acton Place, in the Petition County of Suffolk, Esquire, and Samuel Solly, of Great *8""* th* Ormond Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, z *uc^ r!L*i being respectively Owners and Occupiers of Lands Bill.

within

The Lords have agreed to

Liverpool $?.It Works Bill.

Wakefield and Abber-lord Road Bill.

Whitstable Oyster Fishery Bill.

Bunk Forgeries Bill.

Norman toil Inclosure Bill.

624 1 V Aprilis.A. 1793.

within the several Parishes of and Higham

the Hill, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending in the House for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to join and communicate with the Canal, at or

near Griff", in the Lordship of Chilvers Coton, in the County of Warwick, and also certain Cuts or Branches from the said intended Canal to certain other Places in the said Bill named; and that the Names of the Petitioners, through whose Grounds the said intended Canal is proposed to be carried, are entirely omitted in the Lists presented to the House, and the Petitioners have not been applied to in any Manner for their Consent to the making such Navigable Canal over or through their respective Properties, and the Petitioners therefore submit that, in this and other Respects, the said Lists are not conformable to the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, made on the 7th Day of June last; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be greatly injured, inasmuch as several of the Lands and Grounds through which it is intended the said Canal shall pass (and of which Lands and Grounds the Petitioners are Proprietors respectively) will be divided from each other, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners, and particularly the Petitioner William Jennens, who is a Proprietor of Common Field Lands; and the said Bill will also, if suffered to pass into a Law, be, in other Respects, injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Henry

Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

) -

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing Part of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, " and for the better Payment of Debentures at the " Custom House," which may relate to the refining and making of Salt at certain Works intended to be erected at Garston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

instead of the present Salt Works at Liverpool; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Wakefield to the Town of Abberford, in the West Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Company of Free Fishers and Dredgers of Whitstable, in the County of Kent, and for the better ordering and Government of the Fishery; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds in the Transfers of the several Funds transferrable at the Bank of England; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Heath Grounds, within the Parish of Normanton, in the County of Rutland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Anthony and John

Isaac CharretiS; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Benezech; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Terms of Two several Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fenstanton and Cambridge, to the first Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the county of,

was- read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Terms of Two several Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fenstanton and Cambridge, to the First Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Lancelot Brawn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for: making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Leicest, to communicate with the River Nen, in or near the Town of Northampton, and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation. . i;

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Rr. .158. 1. 36. Leave out " aforesaid."

The? said' Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Bouverie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of in

the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Comnqon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Township, Liberty, and Precincts of Little Barford, otherwise Barford Saint John, in the Parish of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands,

within

Wiaa's and Charre tie's Nat. Bill.

The Lords have passed Benezech's Nat. Bill.

Godmanchester Road Bill passed.

Lords Amendment to Leicester Navigation Bill, agreed to.

Dunstew Inclosure Bill passed.

LittleBarford Inclosure Bili passed.

within the Manor, Township, Liberty, and Precincts of Little Barford, otherwise Saint , in the

Parish of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir W do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stoke Lyne An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the and Fewcott Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-inclosure Hill mon Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Com-pa4"J‘ monable Lands or Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Stoke Lyne and in the Parish of

Stoke Lyne, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Stoke Lyne and ' Fewcott, in the Parish of Stoke Lyne, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

NeatEnstont An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and re-BUI1*1 Palr*n§ R°ad from Hill, in the Turnpike

1 Road between Neat Enstone and Chipping Norton, in the County of Oxford, over Bridge, to the

Water Lane, in the Town of Bicester, in the said County, and from Bicester aforesaid to the Turnpike Road m Weston on the Green, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent the Surveyors from taking Materials for the Roads without giving Notice.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road from Clay Hill, in the Turnpike Road between Neat Enstone and Chipping Norton, in the County of Oxford, over Heyford Bridge, to the Water Lane, in the Town of Bicester, in the said County, and from Bicester aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in Weston on the Green, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Glasgow and . Sir Archibald Edmonstone presented to the House, Garscuke according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term

rcsenud. anc* Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth

p Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing several . " Roads leading into the City of ," and of

another Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the ' Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the W'ater of Kelvin called The Milnfordof Garscube: And the same was re* ceived; and read the First Time:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bicester Tn- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and closure Bill Common Arable Meadow', Ley Pasture, and Waste committed. Lands, lying and being within the Township of Bur-

cester-King's-End, otherwise Bicester-King's-End, in the

' Vol. 48.

Parish of Burccster, otherwise Bicester, iti the County of Oxford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, Mr. Drake, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Carnarvon whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, Harbour Pe-and other Inhabitants of the Town of Carnarvon, or ^lon report‘ trading to the Port thereof, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's *

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;' viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your. Committee, That the Harbour of Carnarvon, and the several Channels leading thereto, have of late Years, by the Flux and Reflux of the Tides, been greatly choaked and filled up with Mud, Sand, and Dirt, whereby Vessels are prevented from getting up to the Quays, Wharfs, and Landing Places, within the said Harbour, and the Shipping lying in the Harbour are exposed to Inconvenience and Danger — That the present Quays and Piers are not sufficient for the Preservation of the Harbour, and the Reception of Vessels resorting thereto, and for the requisite and convenient Dispatch in loading and unloading — That it would therefore be a great Benefit and Advantage to the Merchants, and others, living in, or trading to and from, the said Town and Port, and of Public Utility, if the said Harbour, and the several Channels leading thereto, were properly enlarged, deepened, cleansed, scoured, improved, and regulated, and if new and additional Piers and Quays were constructed and built for the Preservation and Protection of the Harbour, and the Accommodation of the Trade thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating the Harbour of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon: And that Mr. Blackburne, the Lord and Mr. Thomas Williams, do prepare and bring in, the same.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Amlwch whom the Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Harbour Pe-

Uxbridge, was referred; That the Committee had ex- htion report-amined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed e him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr,

William Griffith being examined, said, That the Harbour of Amlwch, in the Isle of Anglesey, is inadequate to the Occasions of the Trade now carrying on there, and in certain Winds does not afford Safety for Vessels lying the re, for Want of a Pier, and other necessary Works — And the Witness further said, That the said Harbour is capable of being rendered safe and commodious, and that if the same were effectually improved and regulated, it would not only be beneficial to the Trade and Commerce of the said Isle, but would, in Cases of strong North and Westerly Winds, be very useful as a Retreat for Ships and Vessels navigating the North, the English, and the Irish Channel.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating, the Harbour of Amlwch, in the Isle of Anglesey: And that Mr. Blackburne,' the Lord Paget, and Air. Thomas Williams, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

7 U Ordered,

A. 1793.

626 11

Sal ford, Mar- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se-

RoudsBil* son<* fading of the Bill for repealing an Act, made committed, in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George , the Third, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act,

" made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of " King George the Second, for repairing and widening " certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of " Salford, Warrington, , and , and to certain Places, called The Broad Oak in and

" Duxbuty Slocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, " for making more effectual Provision for repairing " and widening the said Roads, and also for making, " altering, and widening, the Road from a Place " called South Sea, in to Agecrqft Bridge,

and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson " Lane End, and also, ixom Agecrojt Bridge, over " KersalMoor, to Singleton Brook, in the said County,"

and for making more effectual Provision for the Improvement, Repair, and Maintenance of the said Roads, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-burne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill respect- An ingrossed Bill for altering the Provisions of an Beer ^ed Passee* i*1 the Twenty-siecond Year of the Reign of p ' His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the- Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as respects the Quality of Table Beer brewed by Common'Brewers, was read the Third- Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for altering the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for other Purposes therein- mentioned, so far as respects the Quality of Table Beer brewed by Common Brewers.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Curtis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bawtry and Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

Selby Road whom the Petition of Pemberton Milnes, Richard PfluA.n re" son' Henry Ellison, and John Ellison, Esquires, Thomas por Maples, William Middlebrook, John B'roxvn, Thomas

Jennings, John Smith, and Thomas Oxley, Gentlemen, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Buryman being examined, said, That the Road leading from the North East End of Bawtry, in the County of York, through the several Parishes described in the Petition, to the Town of Selby, in the said County, is, in general, crooked and indirect, being composed of various Roads leading from one Village or District to another, and the greatest Part thereof is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for making and maintaining a commodious Carriage

12

Road from the Town of Bawtry to the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Warmfield Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a cum Heath Navigable Canal from the River Calder, in the To'wn-ship of Warmfield cum Heath, to or near the Town of committed. Barnsley, and from thence to Bamby Bridge, in the Township of Cawlhorne, and a Collateral Cut branching out of the said intended Canal, at or near Bargh Milt, to, or nearly to, Haigh Bridge, in the Township of Woolley, all in the West Riding of the County of York, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed, that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. WiU berforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, Petitions whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners ag",ns* and Occupiers of Lands, Merchants,. Manufacturers, couosel or* Tradesmen, and Residents, within the Town and dered. Neighbourhood of Barnsley, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers,. Tradesmen, and Residents, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Doncaster, in the West Riding of the County of York, on behalf of themselves, and of several other Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, within the said Town and Neighbourhood; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being . Merchants, Ship Owners, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, on behalf of themselves, and of several other Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, within the said Town and Neighbourhood; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the populous Manufacturing Towns and Parishes of Half ax and Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, on behalf of themselves, and of several other Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the said Towns and Parishes (which were presented to the House upon the 22d, 25th, and 26th Days of March last) be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Bill to amend Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George Act forregu-the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making of " Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; cor^*"ltte^a " and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal,

" Flour, or Bread," with respect to the Time within which certain Prosecutions directed by the said Act are to be brought, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved,

j

33 Geo. III. U* April

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning" next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Petition of A Petition of Susannah Brown, was presented to the Ma Brown jjouse> an(j reafj; Setting forth, that the Petitioner is ioVown's0" Defendant in a Bill of Divorce now before the House, Divorce Bill, instituted by Edward Brown; and that the Petitioner, in the Year 1776, married with the said Edward Brown, who wa3 at that Time involved in great Difficulties, having contracted various large Debts which he was totally unable to pay, and on this Account, soon after their Marriage, it was thought necessary by the Friends and Relations of the Petitioner (the said Edward Brown being entirely abandoned by his own Friends and Relations) that the said Edward Brawn should go Abroad, and accordingly, through the Means of the Husband of the Petitioner's Aunt, Jackson,

of Brompton, in Kent, he was fitted out and enabled to go to the East Indies as a Cadet; and that it was settled, between the sard Edward Brown and the Relations of the Petitioner, that the Petitioner should reside with her said Uncle and Aunt at Brompton till her said Husband's Return, and that, meanwhile, her said Husband should remit her Money for her Maintenance and Support; and that, for the Space of Se-wen Years, the Petitioner never received more than the Sum of £. 20, although both the Petitioner and her Relations wrote to her Husband, stating, that unless he sent her Remittances for her Support, she could mot live with them any longer; and that the said Edward Brawn was well able to send her Remittances, although he neglected so to do, notwithstanding the IRemonstrances of the Petitioner and ' her Relations; and that in the Year the Petitioner's said Aunt

(who was her only Protector) dying, she was obliged by her Uncle to leave his House at Brompton, where she had resided, and, being thereby reduced to the greatest Distress, she was compelled to the Necessity of accepting a Proposal, made her by Lieutenant James Dodd, to live and cohabit with him as his Wife, or starving, which Offer her miserable Situation compelled her to accept and that till that Time the' Character of the Petitioner was unimpeached, and, had she met with that Protection from her Husband which he was both enabled and bound in Honour to grant, the Petitioner would have behaved as a virtuous and dutiful Wife, and would not at this Time, through such unnatural and ungrateful Conduct of her Husband, the said Edward Brawn, be a Prisoner in the Gaol of Newgate, where she has been confined Three Years for a Debt of about ,£.51; and that the said Edward Brawn is uow a Captain in the Service of the India Company, and has long held several lucrative Appointments s And therefore praying the House to take Compassion on her unhappy Case, and, as all the Fortune now enjoyed by her Husband has been derived to him solely by the Means of herself and her Relations, that some Provision may be made in the said Bill for her Support and Maintenance.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Brown, Esquire, with Susannah Solley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

Dftition in A Petition of the Gentlemen, Manufacturers, Trades* favourofSal- men, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of ring ton a&c 'n Kendal, in the County of was presented

Bowls Bill. 10 the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Turnpike Roads leading from Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to the Towns of Bolton, and Chorley, in the said County, are in very bad Repair, and the Tolls now collected at the Turnpike Gates upon the said Roads are not (from the vast Increase in the Price of Labour and Materials) sufficient to defray the Expence of maintaining the said Roads; and that the Communication from London, through Lancashire, to Cumberland, Carlisle, Portpatrick, the North of Glasgow, Ayr, and Edinburgh, is very great, and by the said Roads being put into good Repair the Public will be greatly benefited; and that a Bill is now before the House for increasing the Number of Turnpike Gates upon the said Roads, and for carrying into Effect the aforesaid Purposes: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill may have the Sanction of the House, with such Amendments as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. , front Account of the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal, Money dis-attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Kir^b*Ken-Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Canal6'* Order, Company,

An Account of all Money already disbursed by the &c.present-Company of Proprietors for carrying into execution an ed‘

Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of to

West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster', to the 5th Day of April 1793: And also,

An Account of all Estimates for Aqueducts and other Works attending the making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County of Lancaster, as delivered to the Company by their Engineer t And also,

A Paper, intituled, "Copy of the Articles of Agreement by which all the Cutting, Banking, and Masonry,

" on the Lancaster Canal Navigation, now contracted " for, are lett."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Paperare preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session*

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, poorBiu passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His passed, present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

Ordered, That Mr. Pybus do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty the National Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued Debt Bill and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Passe<1, England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt,

Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered,

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House «in to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Acts "and °rt to consider of several Acts, made in the Twenty-seventh, West India Twenty-eighth, Thirtieth, and Thirty-first Y'ears of the Trade Acis. Reign of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, relating to Free Ports, and the West India Trade, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to 'bring in a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the Indies', and for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of his present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty, in the tVest Indies, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South and so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation' of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine into Nova Scotia or New Brunsicick, from any Country belonging to the United States of America.

And Mr. Henry Hobart moved the House accordingly-

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies; and for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty, in the West Indies, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South America, and so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, into Nova Scotia, or Ntxv Brunswick, from any Country belonging to the United States of America: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Mr. Ryder do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Reporum Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported King's Me?- froin t]ie Committee of the whole House, to whom it Credit'0U was re^erre<^ to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Tuesday last, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That if is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One million Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling His Majesty to defray any extraordinary Expences which may be incurred for the Service of the Year 1793, and to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require, and that such Sum be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Morningtonthe Lord Mr. Hop-

kins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, dp prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commit to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill for upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by [a!S‘"8hS Way of Annuities, to be charged on the Consolidated imuUlSa' Fund; and for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on British Spirits, and certain Duties on the Amount of assessed Taxes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him, to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Expirii* House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole f*wS House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relat- dc tm ‘ ing to the Landing Rum or Spiiits of the British Sugar Plantations before'Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and ' navigated according to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and t prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by s Hydrometer; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- .

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee I

A Petition

33 Geo. III.

11° Ap

629

Petition from A Petition of Clayton Tarleton, Esquire, Mayor, Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, the Mayor, John Greenwood, Bailiff, William Crosbie the Younger, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are

pool for'' *r" George Case, Thomas Earle, and John Blackbume, to have Voices.

Leave to pro- Aldermen, and Richard Staiham, and Thomas Naylor,

sent & Pe- all Members of the Common Council of the Town of The Lord Arden, from the Select Committee, who Grimsby

litionto T'--- r* ----- ----- ---- rr ----- -- — __ l _i .» 1 . J

toratetliem se^ves an^ the rest of the Common Council of the said Money on Town, was presented to the House, and read; Setting the Credit of forth, That the Trade and Commerce of the Town of

Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on behalf of them- were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Election de-~ - - Petition of the Honourable William Wesley Pole, and termined.

Robert Wood, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Christopher Clayton, the Reverend William Smelle, and William Bell, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the

their Estates. Liverpool, and the various Manufactures in its Neighbourhood, have of late Years greatly increased, and

were continuing to do so, until the Stagnation of County of Lincoln, on behalf of themselves and many Credit, which has lately taken Place, both there and other Electors of the said Borough, severally com-in other Parts of the Kingdom, checked the same, plaining of an undue Election and Return for the said and occasioned serious Alarms of further Inconve- Borough, informed the House,

nience; and that, in the Event of such a Want of That it appeared to the said Select Committee, Credit being even of a short Duration, the Petitioners That the Merits of the Petitions did, in Part, depend have great Reason to apprehend the Town of Liver- upon the Right of Election; and that, thereupon, the

pool will be greatly injured thereby, and that the Manufacturers and Traders throughout the County of Lancaster will feel the Effects of it to a very great Extent, by which the Interests of the Public and of Individuals will be materially affected, and the Estate of the Corporation, of which the Petitioners are. Members, will be much lessened in its Value; and that this alarming Evil may, the Petitioners conceive, be remedied by Authority being given to the Corporation of the said Town to issue Negotiable Notes for different Sums of Money, in the Whole considerably below the Value of their Estates, after making Allowance for their present Debts, the Notes to be payable, with lawful Interest thereon, or otherwise, at a Time to be limited, Provision being made that the Estate of the said Corporation shall be subjected, after paying the existing Debt due by it, to the Discharge of such Notes at the Period at which they shall become payable: With this View the Petitioners are desirous of laying before the House a precise Statement of their Property, and of the Engagements to which it is liable, in order to enable the House to judge of the Grounds of this Application: And therefore praying the House to take the particular Circumstances of the Case into Consideration, and to give tire Petitioners Leave to

said Committee required the Counsel for the several Parties to deliver, to the Clerk of the said Committee, Statements, in Writing, of the Right of Election for which they respectively contended.

That, in Consequence thereof, the Counsel for the said Petitioners, the Honourable William Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood, Esquire; and also, for the said Petitioners Electors for the Borough of Great Grimsby, delivered in a Statement, as follows:

" The Counsel for the Petitioners state, That the " Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the " County of Lincoln, is in the Mayor of the said " Borough for the Time being, and in all the Resident Freemen of the said Borough paying Scotland " Lot, whether they do or do not bear Corporate " Offices in the said Borough, and in such Freemen " as shall claim to vote at the First Election of a Burgess, or Burgesses, to serve in Parliament for the " said Borough, that shall happen within Twelve Months next after their Admission, although such Freemen have not, subsequent to their Admission, been resident or paid Scotland Lot within the said Borough."

That the Counsel for the Sitting Members, John

present a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in Harrison, and Dudley Long North, Esquires, delivered Bill to enable the said Corporation.of Liverpool to in a Statement, as follows:

(> J 3 fc

u:..-

Leave given.

jM

i;{;

Sr-

tk

ani>

aci

'it. tit . i-i

Petition from the Mayor, 4c. of Liverpool.

raise a certain Sum of Money, on the Credit of their Estates, for the Purposes above-mentioned, notwithstanding the Time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills is elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Mayor, Bailiff, Aldermen, and Common Council of Liverpool.

Then a Petition of Clayton Tarleton, Esquire, Mayor, John Greenwood, Bailiff, William Crosbie the Younger,

" The Counsel for the Sitting Members state, That ‘ the Right of Election for the Borough of Great " Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, is in the Free-11 men whose Names are duly on the Call List, such " Freemen paying Scotland Lot in all Cases, except " where no Rate for the Relief of the Poor has taken " Place subsequent to their Admission."

That, upon the Statement delivered in by the Counsel for the said several Petitioners, the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said

George Case, Thomas Earle, and John Blackbume, Al- Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said dermen, and Richard Statham, and Thomas Naylor, all Borough of Great Grimsby:

Members of the Common Council of the Town of That, upon the Statement delivered in by the

Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on behalf of Counsel for the Sitting Members, the said Select Com-themselves and the rest of the Common Council of the mittee have determined,

said Town, was presented to the House, and read; That the Right of Election, as set forth in the said

Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Statement, is not the Right of Election for the said Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to Borough of Great Grimsby:

bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to raise a cer- That the said Select Committee, having duly contain Sum of Money, on the Credit of their Estates, for sidered the said Statements, and the Evidence ad-

the Purposes above-mentioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear meet and expedient

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

duced before them, touching the Right of Election, have determined.

That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- County of Lincoln, is in the Freemen of the said amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it Borough, admitted at a full Court by the Mayor,

Aldermen, Common Council men, and Burgesses, such

Ip

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. John Tarleton, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Vol, 48.

Freemen being resident and paying Scotland Lot, in all Cases, except where no Rate has taken Place subsequent to their Admission:

7 X That

Grimsby

Writ.

Report of Bribery at Grimsby Election.

Petition against the ‘ Bill for preventing Bribery at Stockbridge Election.

630 11° ApA. 1793.

That the said Select Committee have also determined,

That John Harrison, Esquire, is not duly elected a

Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln: And also. That the said Select Committee have determined.

That Dudley Long North, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Grimsby:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined.

That the Honourable William Wesley Pole is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Grimsby:

And also, That the said Select* Committee have determined.

That Robert Wood, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Grimsby:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Great Grimsby was a void Election:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the Honourable William Wesley Pole and Robert Wood, Esquire, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said Select Committee have determined,

That the Petition of the said Electors of the Borough of Great Grimsbyin the County of Lincoln, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, That the said- Select Committee have determined,

That the Opposition of the said John Harrison and Dudley Long North, Esquires, to the said several Petitions, did not appear to the said Select Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of Two Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, the last Election for Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough having been determined to be void.

The Lord Arden also reported from the said Select Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table:

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Houses and Lands within the Borough of Stock-bridge, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Borough of Slockbridge, in the County of Southampton, is an

ancient Borough, and a Borough by Prescription, and the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough is in Householders paying Scotland Lot, and not receiving Alms, and the Petitioners, if not solely, principally because the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough was confined within the Limits of the said Borough, have invested their Property in the Purchase of Houses and Lands in the same Borough, and are now Proprietors and Owners of the same; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill has been brought into the House, and is now depending,

o

by which, should it pass into a Law, the Value of their Property will be very much depreciated, the usual and ancient Mode of Election in the said Borough being intended, by the Provisions of the said Bill, to be essentially altered; and that, by the Minutes taken before a Select Committee, appointe to try and determine the Merits of the last Election of Members of Parliament for the said Borough, it appears that some of the Voters at such Election, but all of whom were in One Interest, and voted for John Color and John Scott, Esquires, were alledged to have been guilty of Bribery and Corruption, yet the Petitioners submit to the House, that their Rights, Franchises, and Interests ought not to be so materially affected, as they will be, should the said Bill pass into a Law, for the Crimes of which others have been guilty, and to the Commission of which the Petitioners were neither directly nor indirectly privy, but, that if any Punishment has been incurred, and is fit to be inflicted, it should fall only on the Guilty, and should extend only to the Personal Disability of such of the Electors as can be proved to have made an improper Use of their Franchise: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and upon the Matters contained in this their Petition.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stoclcbridge, in the County of Southampton, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 26th Day of April 1775, of the Proceedings of the House, in relation to the Bill to incapacitate certain Persons, therein mentioned, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; and for preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words, " and that the " Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their " Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their " Petition, if they think fit."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

12.

39-

Mr. Hussey,

Mr. Porter:

Mr. Edward James'

Eliot,

Mr. Buxton: .

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Slockbridge, in the County of Southampton, be read a Second Time.

r

'1

f.

tc

tl

P

w

8!

1

K

W

a,

w

ft

k

J

k

1

1

j

1

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Bill for pit-Second Reading of the Bill for the preventing of venting Bri-Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members ^r5ra‘. to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, Election Md in the County of Southampton; a Second

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time-aDl1 Time. Counsel, in

Then the Counsel against the Bill were called in P&n'

And

33 Geo. III.

1 r — 12°

And the said Bill was read a 8eeond Time.

And the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, was also read.

And One of the Counsel against the Bill was, in Part, heard.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

631

Norway for it; and other Coasting Vessels might come up to the Town of Maldon — And being asked, Whether there is any Trade from Oporto, Lisbon, Malaga, and other Places ? he said, He never heard of any, but is not competent to answer. — And being asked, Whether he does not conceive, that it either of the Two Lines of Canal are adopted, that the Granaries, Wharfs, and Warehouses upon the present Navigation,

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were would be materially injured ? he said. Yes, except not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Mr Strutt's, One of his would be materially bene-Forty Members not being present, and it being then sited, because his Wharf would lie between the old " ~ ~ and new Navigation, and the Dock would come

close upon the North Side of his Wharf. — And being

after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 12* die Aprilis; Anno 33* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1793.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

House to adjourn to Monday.

Petition to vary the 1 Lioe of the Chelmsford Navigation reported.

asked, Whether the said Wharfs, Granaries, and Warehouses, if this Navigation is carried into Effect, would not be entirely deserted, and rendered of no Use as such? he said, A Compensation is intended to be" made for the Injuries which the Owners of any Wharfs or Warehouses may sustain by making a Ship Canal from Collier's Reach to Maldon, and for this Purpose to substitute Ground in eligible Situa-. tions for carrying on their Trade proportionate to the Value of the Property injured, and to adopt every

Prayers.

r| AHE Managers appointed to make goodjhe Ar- Means that may be just and reasonable. — And being

asked, If it is intended to make full Compensation

for the Injuries that may be sustained by the Removal of Buildings, to the Proprietors of Wharfs, Granaries, and Warehouses, on the old Navigation? he said, It is intended to make a Compensation for those Buildings, that by the new Navigation would be rendered useless. — And being asked, If it is meant that a fair and just Compensation for all Damages should be made? he said, If any Differences as to Damages arise, it is all to be settled by the Intervention of a

if-

v

It

\P

it-

JL tides of impeachment against Warren Hastings,

Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir John Jervis do make the Report from the Committee, to whom, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and other Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Jury. — And being asked, When he said that Mr. Maldon, in the County of Essex, was referred. Strutt's Property would be advantaged by the intended

Sir John Jervis accordingly reported from the said Navigation, he knew the Amount of Mr. Strutt's Committee, That the Committee had examined, and Property, adjoining to the River? he said, No, he found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative only knew that a Wharf of his would, according to to Navigation Bills, had been complied with (except the present Plan, adjoin to the Dock. — And being ' that no Plan and Book of Reference of the Deviation asked, In what Respect the Coasting and Foreign prayed for by the said Petition had been deposited Trade would be increased? he said, He apprehended with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Essex, there would be a considerable Increase of Foreign and as the said Deviation was not proposed till after the Coasting Trade if the Ship Canal and Dock is carried llth Day of November last); and that the Com- to Maldon, particularly in Coals, Lime, and Chalk, mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, Wine, Bale Goods, Groceries, Com, Stone, Iron which they had directed to be reported to the House; Ware, Fir Timber and Deals, Pottery, Glass, and other 'and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Things. — And being asked, What are the Increase that wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where he supposes would arise upon those Articles ? he said, the same was read; and is as followeth viz. He has great Reason to believe that if the Navigation

To prove the Allegations of 'the said Petition, takes Place, more than 15,000 Ton of Lime and Richard Baker, Esquire, being examined, said, That Chalk, in Addition to what is now carried to Maldon, he has been acquainted with the Country between would be navigated from Maldon to Chelmsford. — Maldon and Collier's Reach for Thirty Years. — And And being asked, Whether he did not say that he was being asked, If he knew that the Line of the Canal, ignorant of the Foreign Trade, and how then does as originally proposed, would be detrimental to the he understand this great Increase will take Place ? Town of Maldon ? he said, It must be so, because he said, From the Communications he has had with the Heybridge is Half a Mile from Maldon, and the Trade Merchants of , he understands that if this Na-

from Collier's Reach to Chelmsford, going through vigation takes Place, great Quantities of Fir and Heybridge, would avoid Maldon, and, of course, the Timber would come from Noru'ay. — And being asked, Wharfs and Warehouses about Maldon would be If he knew any Thing of the Trade of Maldon, from rendered less valuable. — And being asked, If the Cut his own Knowledge ? he said, He knows there is a from Collier's Reach to Potman's Marsh, near Maldon, little Trade.

was made navigable for Ships of Burthen, it would Mr. Thomas Dunn, Master of a Collier, being- ex-be advantageous to the Town and Port of Maldon ? amined, said, That he has navigated Vessels to Col-he said, Yes; because Maldon would then become the tier's Reach for Eighteen Years, which were loaded Depot of all Goods going from Collier's Reach to with Coals, Stone, and Bottles. — And being asked, Chelmsford, and because the Trade of Maldon would What Sort of Anchorage he has found in that Reach? be carried on close to the Town, which is now car- he said, Very bad Anchorage, loose gravelly Ground, ried on by Ships of Burthen lying at a considerable — And being asked, if he reckoned it a safe Anchor-Distance. — And being asked, Whether such a Haven, age in blowing Weather? he said, No, it is a very as this Canal navigable for Shipping would form, bad Anchorage, for there is frequently Danger of would not induce a great Addition of Coasting Trade, going on the Anchors, and holing the - Ships. — And and produce Foreign Trade? he said, It certainly being asked, If Vessels can lie afloat at all Times of would, because some of the Merchants who now have Tide? he said, No; for about Four Hours there their Timber from London, would then send to is only Two Feet Water, and Vessels Coal loaden, Vol. 48. taking

632

12° Aprilis.

A. 1793.

taking the Ground, are liable to receive Damage in blowing Weather. — And being asked. Whether there are Interruptions and Delays in delivering the Coals in blowing Weather? he said. Very great, from the strong Easterly Winds preventing the light Craft from coming down the River. — And being asked, What was the longest Time he ever was without Craft coming down the River from Maldon he said. Seven Days; but he has delivered a Cargo in Three Days. — And being asked, Whether a Canal leading from Colliers Reach to Potman's capable of receiving Ships drawing 15 Feet Water, would remedy the Evils he has stated arising from the Anchorage in Collier''s Reach ? he said, Yes; and would considerably reduce the Expence in Wear and Tear, Anchors, Cables, and Hawsers, and the Hull of the Vessel. — And being asked, If Cables are not, in some Instances, parted in Collier's Reach he said, He was on board a Ship that broke her Cable last Year from the Strength of the Tide. — And being asked, If Vessels ever navigated from Collier's Reach to the Town of Fullbridge? he said. Yes; Vessels of 50 or 60

Tons Burthen, but only at Spring Tides. — And being asked, If Vessels of more than 50 or 60 Tons can navigate to Fullbridge? he said, Not with Safety. — And being asked, If a Canal was formed from Collier's Reach to Maldon, of Depth equal to the Water at Collier's Reach, would it admit Vessels at ordinary Tides up to Maldon? he said, Yes; Vessels of 200 Tons Burthen, if a Shoal at Collier's Reach was taken away. — And being asked, Whether he knew of any Vessel being lost in Colliers Reach? he said. No. — And being asked, If he knew of any material Damage being done there which might not have happened elsewhere in the same Weather? he said Yes; from the breaking of Anchors and Hedges by the rapid Tides.

Mr. John Rennie, an Engineer, being examined, was asked, What Means he has in Contemplation to remedy the Grievance complained of at by

Mr. Barnard ? he said, By making a Cut from the Canal to the River Blackwater, and from thence scouring out the River to Heybridge Mill, and also to make a Cut from the Tail of Heybridge Mill, to near Fullbridge, under the Line of the proposed Canal, which will cross the same by an Aqueduct under which the Barges may navigate, except in Spring Tides. — And being asked, If the present Navigation to Heybridge is not an Open Navigation? he said, Yes. — And being asked, At what Part of the Spring Tides it is that Barges will be prevented from passing up to the Mill at Heybridge? he said, At the Height of the Tide, and for a Day or Two before and after, but that depended, in a great Measure, on Winds; if the Wind blew down Channel, the Water would not rise so high. — And being asked, If he did not suppose that the Navigation of the River Blackwater to Heybridge would be injured ? he said, The Navigation of the River Blackwater to Heybridge will certainly be injured, but the additional Accommodation arising from the new Cut will be more than adequate to the Injury it may receive. — And being asked, In what Manner? he said, The Interruption that Vessels meet with in navigating the River,

prevents them from going, except in Times of Tide, and consequently confines them to that Space only, whereas by the proposed Cut they will be able to navigate at all Times, whether Tide is up or not. — And being asked, If the Coal Wharf at Heybridge will have any Communication by Water with the Potman Cut ? he said, It will have no Communication with the Potman Cut, except by a Road being made; but when the Cut from the Tail of the Mill to Fullbridge is navigated, the Barges may then come alongside the Wharf* — And being asked, If it will be of the same Use to the Proprietors of Mills and Wharfs to navi-

gate the Tail Cut at Neap Tides at Heybridge Mill, as it is now ? he said. He was informed that the present Tail Water of Heybridge Mill was only navigable in Spring Tides, but the proposed Cut will be navigable at Neap Tides, and in that Case will be an equal Accommodation to the Proprietors of the Wharfs. — And being asked, If there is the same Convenience of loading and unloading of Vessels in Neap Tides at Fullbridge, as in Spring Tides? he said, If the Vessel has got to Fullbridge during the Spring Tide, and is to be loaded or unloaded against the Time of next Spring, it will certainly be most advantageous to navigate with Neap Tides; but if the Vessel is to be loaded or unloaded during a Spring Tide, it certainly would be less advantageous. —

And being asked, What is the Depth of Water at Collier's Reach ? he said, To the best of his Recollection, 13 Feet on the Bar. — And being asked, If there was 13 Feet Water in the Reach, how could there be 15 Feet Water in the Bason? he said, By raising it Two Feet. — And being asked, How that Water is to be obtained? He said, By locking down from above, from the Chelmer. — And being asked,

What Locks there are to be on the Potman Cut from Beleigh Mill? he said, One at Colliers Reach, One at Heybridge Causeway, and probably One at Beleigh Mill.

— And being asked. If there is to be any Lock between Heybridge Mill and Wharf, and the Cut? he said, None; but there will be a Stop Gate. — And being asked. Where the Potman Cut is meant to enter into the Chelmer at Beleigh Mill ? he said, Between Beleigh Mill and the Flood Gates. — And being asked, If that would not be a Hindrance to the Proprietor of Beleigh Mill to enlarge and extend his Mill, if it could be done ? he said, It does not appear it would; but he does not see any Objection to carrying the Cut higher if that is made an Obstacle. — And being asked. How far higher ? he said, That will depend on the Extent of the Accommodation the Proprietors mean to give.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and Mr. The lords Spranger: will proceed

Mr. Speaker, Mr"

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this ting»yrrid House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, Motion for That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom an lnsunc-the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation tiontoCom-from, or nearly from, the Town of Chelmsford, in the hehnXd County of Essex, to a Place called Collier's Reach, in or Navigation near the River Blackivater, in the said County, is com- Bill, with* mitted, That they have Power to make Provision in the (*ravtn' said Bill for varying the Line of the said Navigation, so as to carry the same from Collier's Reach aforesaid, to or near to the Town of Maldon, in the said County, and from thence into the River Chelmer, above a certain Mill called Beleigh Mill.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whese Names are thereunto subscribed, on be- of the half of themselves and other Merchants, Tradesmen, Chelmsford and Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Maldon, in the County of Essex, was referred, do lie upon the TaWe Table.

1

1 a

0.

tl it

5<

P

0

Mr. Pose presented to the House, according iiih Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum prtsWttd.

m V°tf of 10 Credit Bril

of

33 Geo. III. 12° Aprilis.

633

of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Lises and Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Bill for rais- Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported ing a Sum by from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the reported for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of ' Annuities, to be charged on the Consolidated Fund; and for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on British Spirits, and certain Duties on the Amount of assessed Taxes, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the [ Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

1 Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

f and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the ‘

j Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by

a the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

j ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

I upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

e. then ingrossed.

... Cnoiuelon Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday ' the Bill for Morning next, proceed to the further Hearing of Coun-Bnbe^'at 8e^ upon the for the preventing of Bribery and Cor-Sulckbridge ruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parlia-Eltction. ment for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton.

Bill for regu- The Order of the Day being read, for the Second lating the Reading of the Bill for defining and regulating the - Commission P°w®re of the Commission of Teinds, or Tythes, in of Tythet in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy "" Scotland, de- of Scotland;

ferred. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

,f upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Million Bank The House was moved. That the Order made upon i_ Bill deferred, the 26th Day of March last, for the House to resolve ra itself into a Committee of the whole Honse, upon

Monday next, upon the Bill to incorporate certain Persons, therein to be named, a Society for the Grant, Purchase, and Sale of Annuities for Lives, or for Terms of Years, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

K-- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fort-

tnight, the 29th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself fC into the said Committee.

:*y.

Leeds, in the County of York, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Charles Brandling, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Middleton, in the County of York, Owner and Proprietor of divers Coal Works in the said Manor and Places adjacent, and the several Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, London an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Sewers, and Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for consoli- BuVcom.'* " dating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the mitted.

" Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for " making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the " Vaults, Drains, and Sewers within the City of " London, and Liberties thereof, and for paving,

" cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares,

" Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and " preventing and removing Obstructions and Annovances within the same," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Andei'son, Mr. Alderman Curtis, &c.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Henry Hobart, presented to the House, accord- Hedon and ing to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and en- Hull Road* larging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth fented* Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South-East Side of the Town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the County of York, through the said Town to North Bridge, and for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Wyton Holmes, through the Townships of Wyton and Sproatley, to the Guide Post in Flin-

ton Lane, near Humbledon Moor House, in the same Riding: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

#L Qnenebo. A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open tir rough In- Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the $ Parish or Lordship of Queneborough, in the County of

u ' Leicester, was read a Second Time,

it), Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wes-

on tern, Mr. Pochin, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's sc, Chamber.

Lends Coals Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to ©: Bill reported, whom the Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

ok. and the other made in the Nineteenth Year of the

1.: Reign of His present Majesty, for the better supplying

i\ of the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the County of York,

with Coals, wag committed; and to whom the Petition of Thomas Jaques of Leeds, in the County of York, s'. Esquire; and also, the Petition of Richard Lee, of

is. Vol. 48.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, "An Act Beaezerh's for naturalizing Peter Benezech, was read the First Time. Nat. Bill read, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Womborne Repair, the Roads leading from Womborne, to or near Ac. Roads Gospel Oak, in the County of Stafford, and from Can ®1.*1 c.om‘ Lane to the End of Hell Lane, and from Gospel End, mitle through the Village of Over Penn, to the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge, and from Fulhvood's End to the Turnpike Road at or near

Moxley, and from Chitt's Grave to olr near Prince's End, and from Shelton's Hall to the Town of Bilston, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

7 Y A Motion

Motion for reviving Committee ou Bill to amend Kirkby Kendal Canal Act.

Milton Bryant Inclosure Bill reported.

Bill respecting Corps of

Fencible Men, &c. presented.

Herschel's Nat. Bill committed.

634 12° — 15° Aimlis. A. 1793.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Committee to whom the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a " Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County " of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County

" Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch " from the said intended Canal, at or near to

" or near Warton Cragg, and also another Navigable " Branch from, at, or near, Galemoss, by Charley, to " or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of " Lancaster," and also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near -Colgate, to Glassou Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed, be revived:

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 15* die Aprilis;

Afternoooo, at Five. of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bochin presented to the House, according to Slawston Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and cloture B Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Slawston, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

An iqgrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Street's to dissolve the Marriage of John Street, Gentleman, Dhorce Bil with Lucy Duticumb, his now Wife, and to enable him t o marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Anno 330 Georgii III*11 Regis, 1793. Prayers.

MR. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, bad been. complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 12 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed amounts to 1,347 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwrards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, lhat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Frederick Campbell presented to the House, according to Order, a BUI to establish certain Regulations respecting Officers serving in several Corps of Fencible Men, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain other Corps which may be directed to be raised in Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Herscliel, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr Bochin,&c.: And they are to meet this

A Petition of Henry Halsey, of Henly Park, in the Mr. Halsey's County of Surrey, Esquire, was presented to the House, Petition and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is seised ^n^Fam' for Three Lives of and in the Rectory Impropriate of ^je the Parish of Famham, in the County of Surrey, by virtue of an Assignment or Transfer of a Lease granted by the Archd6acon of Surrey thereof, for the Purchase whereof the Petitioner lately paid above 16,000 and the Petitioner, as the Impropriator, is entitled to the Tythe of Hops, and to all other Great Tythes arising within the said Parish of Famham; and that the Petitioner hath perused a Bill depending in the House for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops planted in Fields in the said Parish, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be highly prejudicial to, if not destructive as well of the Petitioner s Rights and Interests, as Impropriator of the said Parish, as of the said Archdeacon and his Successors: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic, until the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops planted in Fields in the Parish of Famham, in the County of Surrey, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by himself, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if thinks fit

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

fc

ft'

T1

Cc

in

Co

COI

cei

as

Ci

Cc

sir

*i 1 .

in!

it

a

A

2

i i

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to jp8WKb whom the Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, and Paving Bill otherwise improving, the Town of Ipswich, in the «p°rtt(i' County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees of the Stmvmarket Navigation, and Creditors on the Rates to be collected thereon; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk;and also, the Petition of the

33 Geo. III. 15° Aprilis.

635

the Owners raid Occupiers of Lands and Hereditaments within the Twelve Parishes of the Town and Bdrough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and the Hamlets thereof; and also, the Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town and Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and heard the third-mentioned Petitioners by their Counsel, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he reaa the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Shiplev and Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do make the West Hallam Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Canal Peti- Sir Henry Hunloke, Baronet, and Edward Miller Mundy, ton reported. Esqmre, referred.

Lord George Cavendish accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Jcssop, an Engineer, being examined, said, That, by a Survey taken, it appears, that a Navigable Communication may be made from several Coal Mines in the lordships of Shipley and West Hallam, in the

1 County of Derby, along the Course of, or near to, a

Brook, called Nut Brook, to join the Erewash Canal.

! in the Parish of Ilkeston, in the said County, which he

conceives will be of great public Utility.

: Mr. John Sutton being examined, stud, He conceived the said Canal will be of great public Utility, as it will open a Communication with many valuable Coal Mines, and thereby increase the Trade of the Country.

"5 Mr. John Hanison being examined, said. That,

since depositing the Plan and Book of Reference

with the Clerk of the Peace, the Subscribers to the

2 intended Canal have been requested to make a Devito ation in the Line, so as to carry the same from the

South-East Corner of a Close, in the Liberty of

1 Hallam, belonging to Francis Esquire, in

7 the Occupation of Benjamin Harrington, to the Ere-

i wash Canal in the Parish of Stanton by Dale (being

about Two Miles in Length) and that such Request was

made by the Proprietor of nearly the Whole of the

Lands through which the Deviation is proposed to be made.

A Member present informed your Committee, That #:? the Proprietors of the Whole of such Lands are con-

i senting thereto.

*s Mr. Harrison being again examined, informed your Committee, That the varied Line will be equally as

; convenient to the Public, and will not go through any

ie other Parishes than those described in the Notices of

i the Application for the intended Bill; and the Subscribers

fr to the intended Canal are willing such Deviation should

i, be made.

i Mr. Williafn Jessop being again examined, acquainted

! your Committee, That such varied Line will not de-

i viate a Quarter of a Mile from the Line laid down

Vox.. 48.

and described in the said Plan and Book of Reference; that he has surveyed the proposed Deviation) and conceives it practicable.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Collieries at Shipky and West Hallam, in the County of Derby, to the Erewash Canal, in the Parish of Stanton by Dale, in the said County: And that Lord George Cavendish and Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Robert Mr. Lee's Pe-Cooper Lee, of Bedford Square, in the County of Mid- d^011 against dlesex, Esquire, as Attorney to Julines Herittg, of the Navimtion Island of Jamaica, Esquire, which was presented to the Bill referred House upon the 18th Day of March last, and then to Committee ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, ^ere^&c.' the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to ' a Place called Colliers Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the said County, be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the 9aid Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon the Matters contained in his Petition, if he thinks ,fit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do, in the first Place, examine into the Authority under which Mr. Cooper Lee, in this Instance, acts as Agent to the said Air. Hering, and report the same to the House, upon the Report of the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for widening, turning, altering, Sleaford and repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from the East Side of the Market Place in New Sleaford, to and 1

through the Town of Anwick, in the County of Lincoln, and for making public the Drove Road from the said Town of Anwick to Kyme Praie Grounds, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road near North Kyme Town, and for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from thence through the said Town of North Kyme, over

Billinghay Dales, to the River Witham, and also the Road from the opposite Shore of the said River to the Town of Tattershall, in the said County of Lincoln,

and for building a Bridge over the Witham, at or near to Tattershall Ferry, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from the East Side of the Market Place in New Sleaford, to and through the Town of Anwick, in the County of Lincoln, and for making public the Drove Road from the said Town of Anwick to Kyme Praie Grounds, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road, near North Kyme Town, and for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from thence through the said Town t>f North Kyme, over Billinghay Dales, to the River Witham, and also the Road from the opposite Shore of the said River to the Town of Tattershall, in the said County of Lincoln, and for building a Bridge over the Witham, at or near to Tattershall Ferry.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to idsal Indo-whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, sure Bill Five Open Common Fields, commonly called rePorUd*

Town

Hawlcers and Pedlars Petition.

15' Aprilis. A. 1793.

Town Field, otherwise Pool Field, otherwise Drayton Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do make the Report Aaton Up Field, the TVyke Field, the Church Field, otherwise from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing thorpeb HaughtonField, Haughton Middle Field, otherwise Pat- and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common ,ure Bill > nal Field, and the Upper Field, otherwise Nedge Field, Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Ideal, otherwise Shiffnall, in the County and Commonable Places, within the Hamlet of Atton of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had Upthorpe, in the Parish of Blewbury, in the County of examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Berks, was committed.

House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com- Mr. Vansittart accordingly reported from the said plied with; and that the Committee had examined the Committee, That the Committee had examined, and Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, him to report to the House; and he read the Report to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Owners of Land, rated to the Poors Rate at the Sum the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the of 571, who refused to consent to the Bill; and that Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question inclosed are rated to the Poors Rate at the Rate of severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. 654 /. 5 s.; and that no Person appeared before the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Com--ingrossed. mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to A'Petition of the Body of Hawkers and Pedlars in be reported to the House; and he read the Report in eGreat Britain, and of the Merchants, Manufacturers, his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the and Wholesale Dealers, of the City of London, and the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Towns of Manchester, Binmngham, Sheffield, Notting- Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a ham, Coventry, and Leicester, also the City of Glasgow, Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question and Town of Paisley, in North Britain, was presented severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great House.

Numbers of the Petitioners, and their Forefathers, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be have followed a constant Course of itinerant Trade and ingrossed.

Commerce from early Life, and, by great Labour and

Industry iu that Way, have long sustained respect- Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according to BeaeWtigb able Characters, and have brought up, and supported, Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of and Hunger-numerous and hardy Children, and thereby greatly an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of contributed to the Benefit of the State; and that the His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the ud<preieB Restrictions continued on the Petitioners in the Line Road from the End of the present Turnpike Road from of their Traffic, by an Act of the Twenty-ninth Year Besselsleigh to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to of His present Majesty's Reign, which prohibit them Leckford, otherwise Water, in the County of

from vending, selling, or exposing to Sale, any Goods, WilAnd the same was received; and read the First Wares, or Merchandize, in any City or Market Town, Time.

in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time, or within the Distance of Two Miles from the Middle

of the most central Market Place of any such City or A Petition of the Land Owners and Inhabitants of Petition fae Market Town, by the most usual or Common Roads, the Townships of Over Hulton and Middle Hulton, in except on Market or Fair Days, have been attended the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, with such ruinous Consequences, that great Numbers, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending in ringtoa,&c unable to continue their Trade, are now reduced to the House for enlarging the Term and Powers of the Roads Bill. Poverty and extreme Distress, and others, who con- Act of Parliament now in Force respecting the tinue to follow the Business in all Parts of the King- ton Toll Bar on the Roads from Manchester to the dom, labour under such Difficulties, that, if the Re- several Towns of Warrington, Bolton, Charley, and . strictions are not repealed, their total Ruin must be Wigan, and it is intended to set up several additional inevitable, particularly in the Parish of Alstonefield, in Bars on the different Branches of the said Roads, besides the County of Stafford, where many Families of Hawk- the Bar now standing at Pendleton, Two of which ad-ers and Pedlars are now absolutely in Want; and that ditional Bars are proposed to be erected on that Branch the taking off the said Restrictions would manifestly which leads through the Petitioners Townships in the -tend to promote the Trade of the Manufacturers and Way between Manchester and the Towns of Wigan and Wholesale Dealers, and others, of London, Manchester, Chorley, and which, with the Bar at Pendleton, would Nottingham, Coventry, Leicester, Birmingham, Sheffield, make Three on the Petitioners Road within the Disand elsewhere, in England, and of the City of Glasgow, tance of about Ten Miles from Manchester; and that and Town of Paisley, in North Britain, in consequence the Petitioners have expended upwards of 5°°i- by Of which, many of the said Manufacturers and Whole- the Mile, over and above their proportionable Share sale Dealers have given their Sanction and Concur- of the Tolls allowed them from the Pendleton Bar, in reuce to this Petition, by subscribing their Names: paving and repairing their Parts of the said Road, and,

And therefore requesting the House to commisserate by the extraordinary Exertions of the Petitioners, their their Situation, and, by relieving them from the Re- Roads are in very good Repair; and Representing to strictions specified in the said Act, restore them to the House, that, when the last Act for the said Bar their former State, and the Enjoyment of those ancient was obtained, there was a Clause inserted to divide the Privileges which they once had, and still hold dear, Tolls equally by the Mile, according to the Length as British Subjects, or that the House will grant them of the Road in each Township (except as to the Town-such other Relief as shall seem meet, and that the ship of Pendleton, which had a larger Allowance, in Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar consideration of the greater Quantity of Carriage thereof the House. on) and, upon the Credit of that Resolution, the Peti-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the tioners were induced to exert themselves in the Repair Table. of their Roads in the Manner above mentioned, and, if

all

l

t

d

a

3

c

F

t

t

>1

:!0

h

33 Gfco. III.

15° Aprilis.

all the Townships would exert themselves in the Repair of their Roads as the Petitioners have done, there would be no Need of any additional Bars; and that, at the last Letting of the Tolls at the Pendleton Bar, the Rent was advanced near 300 /. above that of the preceding Year, which Increase will be sufficient to maintain the Reads when put in as good Repair as the Petitioners are: And therefore praying, That, during the Continuance of the Term at present in the said Turnpike Act*, no additional Bar may be permitted to be erected on that Branch of the Road which leads from Manchester to Charley and , but that the

present Act may remain in full Force during the said Term.

Petition from A Petition of the Land Owners aind Inhabitants of

West Hough- the Township of West Hoin the County of Lan-S*.T6 caster, was also presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill mentioned in the last preceding Petition; and Setting forth, That, since the Commencement of the present Act, the Petitioners have expended upwards of 2,000 I. upon the Road leading to Chorley, over and above their proportionable Share of the Tolls allowed them from the Pendleton Bar,

the Salford, Warrington, tc. Roads Bill.

That it is intended to set up several additional Bars ©n the different Branches of the said Roads, besides the Bars now standing at Pendleton and Moses Gate, one of which is proposed to be erected on that Branch which leads through the Petitioners Township, in the Way between Manchester and the Towns of Wigan and Chorley, and which with the Bar at Pendleton, would make Two on the Petitioners Road within the Distance of Three Miles; and Representing to the House, that, when the last Act for the said Bars was obtained, there was a Clause inserted to divide the Tolls equally by the Mile, according to the Length of the Road in each Township (except as to the Township of Pendleton, which had a larger Allowance, in Consideration of the greater Quantity of Carriage thereon) and, upon the Credit of that Clause, the Petitioners exerted themselves in the Repair of their Roads, and have expended within the last Seven Years 1,169/. 145- 9^- besides what Money was received for their Share of the Tolls from the Pendleton Bar, and their Statute Duty by Teams (which is Two Shillings and Eight Pence on the Pound Rate) in repairing the said Roads, which would now have been in very good Repair, had not the uncommon

in paving their Parts of the said Road, a great Part of Wet Season prevented the Inhabitants from continuing

-si-

ft

am

m

a!*

UQ

n

a

Petition from

which Sum is still owing, and Interest paid for it, and, by the extraordinary Exertions of the Petitioners, their Roads are in very good Repair; and Representing to tihe House, that when the last Act for the said Bar was obtained, it was resolved by the Commissioners to divide the Tolls equally by the Mile, according to the Length of the Road in each Township (except as to the Township of Pendleton, which had a larger Allowance, in Consideration of the greater Quantity of Carriage thereon) and, upon the Credit of that Resolution, the Petitioners were induced to exert themselves in the Repair of their Roads in the Manner above-mentioned, and, if all other Townships would exert themselves in the Repair of their Roads as the Petitioners have done, there would be no Need of any additional Bars: and that at the last Letting of the Tolls at the Pendleton Bar, the Rent was advanced near 300l. above that of the preceding Year, which Increase will be sufficient to maintain the Roads when put into as good Repair as the Petitioners are: And therefore praying, That during the Continuance of the Term at present in the said Turnpike Act, no ad*' ditional Bar may be permitted to be erected on that Branch of the Road which leads from Manchester to Chorley and Wigan.

A Petition of tl*e Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Repairs of their Roads as was intended: And therefore praying, That, during the Continuance of the Term at present in the said Turnpike Act, no additional Bar may be permitted to be erected on that Branch of the Hoad which leads from Manchester to Chorley and Wigan, and that no Bar may be removed, or any Increase of Toll taken, at the Bar at Moses Gate, near Bolton.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for " repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second,

Tl

y

BP.

ha t to

ft

t

r»

MliherWors- the Township of Higher Worsley, in the County of ley respecting Lancaster, was also presented to the House, and read;

Bl,l‘ likewise taking N otice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That it is intended to set up several additional Bars on the different Branches of the said Roach, besides the Bars now standing zl Pendleton and MosesGate, One of which is proposed to be erected on that Branch which leads through the Petitioners Township, in the Way between Manchester and the Towns of Wigan and Chorley, and which, with the Bar at Pendleton, would make Two on the Petitioners Road, within the Distance of Three Miles; and that the Petitioners have laid out very considerable Sums of Money in the Repair of their lloads, which are now in good Repair: And therefore praying, That, during the Continuance of the Term at present in the said Turnpike Act, no additional Bar may be permitted to be erected on that Branch of the Road which leads from Manchester to Chorley and Wigan, and that no Bar may be removed, or any Increase of Toll taken, at the Bar at Moses Gate, near Bolton.

Petition from A Petition of the Land Owners, and Inhabitants of Lower Wore- the Township of Lower Worsley, in the County of Lan-^rDg caster, was likewise presented to the House, and read";

also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, Vol. 48.

" for repairing and widening certain Roads " leading to and from the Towns of Salford,

" Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain " Places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and " Duxbury Stocks, in the County Palatine of

" Lancaster, for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said " Roads, and also for making, altering, and widening the Road from a Place called South " Sea, in Pcndlcbury, to Agecroft Bridge, and " from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson " Dine End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, over " Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said " County," and for making more effectual Provision for the Improvement, Repair, and Maintenance, of the said Roads, is committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

f L" B.il

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Aids worth whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inr.losure Bill and Common Fields, Downs, Common Pastures, and sported, other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Aldsworth, in the County of Gloucester, was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gene through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table- Where the

7 Z Amendments

Cobham Inclosure Bill presented.

Leeds Coals Bill passed.

Day appointed for 2d Reading of Farnbara Hop Tythe Bill.

Bawtry and Selby Road Bill presented.

Committee on Bill to amend Kirk-by Kendal Canal Act revived.

Accounts, Ac. referred.

Committee ou Government and Trade of India deferred.

636 15° Aprili . 1793.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be irigrossed.

Lord William Russell presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, Heaths, and Marsh and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Cobham, otherwise Cove-ham, in the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better supplying-of the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberfor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops, planted in Fields in the Parish of Farnham, in the County of Surrey, be read a Second Time upon this Day Seven-night.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a com-, modious Carriage Road from the Town of Bawtry to the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; ancUread the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and maintabling a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to Houghton, in the " County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable " Branch from the said intended Canal, at or near " Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg, and also another " Navigable Branch from, at, or near, Galemoss, by " Chorley, to or near Dux bury, in the said County " Palatine of Lancaster; " and also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near Galgate, to Glasson Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed, be revived.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Paper, which were presented to the House upon Thursday last by Mr. Mason, from the Company of Proprietors of the Lancaster Canal, be referred to the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Government and Trade of India

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, to be charged on the Consolidated Fund; and for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on British Spirits, and certain Duties on the Amount of assessed Taxes, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, to be charged on the Consolidated Fund; and for making perpetual certain Duties <5f Excise on British Spirits, and certain Duties on the Amount of assessed Taxes.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir George Jackson do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Clayton Tarleton, Esquire, Mayor, John Greenwood, Bailiff, William Crosbie the Younger, George Case, Thomas Earle, and John Blackburnc, Aldermen, and Richard Statham, and Thomas Naylot', all Members of the Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Common Council of the said Town, was referred.

Sir George Jackson accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Edward Falkner, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trade and Commerce of the Town of Liverpool, and the various Manufactures in its Neighbourhood, have of late Years greatly increased, and were continuing to do so, till the Stagnation of Credit, which has lately taken place, both there, and in other Parts of the Kingdom, checked the same, and occasioned serious Alarms of further Inconvenience.

And being further examined, he said, That in the Event of such a Want of Credit being even of a short Duration, there is great Reason to apprehend the Town of Liverpool will be greatly injured thereby, and that the Manufacturers and Traders throughout the County of Lancaster will feel the Effects of it to a very great Extent, by which the Interests of the Public and of Individuals will be materially affected. — Then,

Mr. Henry Brown, Attorney, being examined, said, That he officiates for the Town Clerk, and is acquainted with the Estate of the Corporation, and he thinks it will be much lessened in its Value if such a Want of Credit should take place as is mentioned by Mr. Falkner.

And being further examined, he said, That this alarmfog Evil may, he conceives, be remedied by

02 Authority

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities, Ac. passed.

Vote of Credit Bill committed.

Petition from the Mayor, Ac. of Liverpool reported.

33 Geo. TIL 15° Aprilis. 639

Authority being given to the Corporation of the said Town to issue Negotiable Notes for different Sums of Money, in the Whole considerably below the Value of their Estates, after making Allowance for their present Debts, the Notes to be payable, with lawful Interest thereon, or otherwise, at a Time to be limited; Provision being made that the Estate of the said Corporation shall be subjected, after paying the existing Debt due, to the Discharge of such Notes at the Period at which they shall become payable. — Then,

Clayton Tarleton, Esquire, Mayor of Liverpool, produced to your Committee,

A General Account and Valuation of the Estate and Revenue belonging to the Corporation of Liverpool, taken the 21 st of March 1793: And also,

An Account of Money received by the Corporation of Liverpool for Fines for the Renewal of Leases, from 3783 to 1792; specifying the Average for that Period, and also the Average for the last Seven Years: And also,

A Statement of the Town's Duties, Fines for the Renewal of Leases, Graving Dockage, Anchorage, and Ground Rents, received by the Corporation of Liverpool, from 1783 to 1792:

Which Papers are annexed in the Appendix to this Report, Numbers 1, 2, and 3.

Mr. John Foster, Surveyor to the Corporation of Liverpool, was then called; and being asked, What is the Nature of the Fines received for the Renewal of Leases? he said, It is a Fine which the Corporation charge for the Renewal of those Lives which drop in the Leases. — And being asked, For what Term the Corporation Leases are usually granted ? he said, The Leases are granted for Three Lives, and Twenty-one Years after the Death of the last Life. — And being asked, What is the Nature of the Ground Rents received by the Corporation? he said, Upon the taking up of any Lease under the Corporation, they charge an Annual Ground Rent, which is generally One Shilling per Yard, for the Front of any Building erected on their Land; and this is invariably the same, whether the Houses are good ones or bad ones; it is valued from the Front of the House. — And being asked, Whatsis the Nature of the Rents for Buildings in Possession let to Tenants at Will? he said, They arise from Buildings, and other Premisses; Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, Stables, Shops, Ac-compting Houses, and Offices; they are let free of Taxes, and generally free of Repairs; the great Bulk of this Property has lately been purchased by the Corporation for the Purpose of public Improvements, and the Tenants of many of the Premisses are permitted to enjoy their Leases (for several of them have Leases in them) at the old Rents, which are the low Rents, till the Premisses are actually wanted to carry on the Improvements; many of them are not taken down, because the Corporation have bought so much Property, as to take the Advantage of their own Improvements. — And being further examined, he said, That he does not conceive the Repairs' upon this Property exceed too/, a Year, or the Insurance more than 50/. — The Witness further said, That at least Three Parts of the Whole are kept in Repair by the Tenants, and the other Fourth Part has been built within the Space of Five Years. — And being asked, What is the Nature of the Rents for Land in Possession let to Tenants at Will ? he said, It is Land belonging to the Corporation, let for the Purpose of Timber Yards and Ship Carpenters Yards. — And being asked, If there are any Charges upon that Property? he said, None; the Tenants pay all Taxes. — And being asked, What is the Nature of the Town's Duties ? he said, He don't think himself perfectly competent to answer that Question, but as he understands it, it is a Toll paid at the Custom House upon Goods imported and exported, and accounted for to Von. 48.

the Town; the neat Income is 12,180/. 75, — And Report on being further examined, he. said. He has heard; that Liverpool the Right of the Corporation to the Collection of some FetlUon* Part of those Duties is disputed. — Then,

Mr. Henry Broum was again called, and being asked,

Whether the Right of the Corporation to collect the Town's Duties was disputed? he said, The Title itself to the Duties is not disputed; but a certain Description of Persons claim an Exemption from the Payment of those Duties — that Description of Persons is the Eree-men and Citizens of London, and the Claim to this Exemption is now in a Course of Litigation. — And being asked, What would be the Difference in the Amount of those Duties, supposing the Privilege claimed by the Citizens of London should be established? he said, He could not pretend, to say.--Then,

Mr. John Foster was again called, and being asked;

What is the Nature of the Income arising from the Graving Docks? he said, Every Vessel entering those Docks for Repair, pays a certain Tonnage for the Benefit they receive from the Use of them. — And being asked, Whether there are any Charges upon this Article ? he said, Some very trifling Repairs to the Graving Docks. — And being asked. What is the Nature of the Income arising from the Anchorage? he said, All Vessels, he believes, pay a Toll for anchoring in the River. — And being asked, What is the Nature of the Small Tolls, called Ingates and Outj-gates ? he said, It is a Duty that is paid to the Corporation for various Articles brought into, and carried out of, the Town of Liverpool. — And being asked,

Under what Title this Duty is collected ? he said, It is a Manerial Right; every Cart the Property of a Non Freeman is liable to a Duty of Four Pence, but it is very loosely collected. — And being asked, What is the Nature of the Income arising from the Weighing Machine? he said, It arises from the Profits of a public W'eighing Machine in the Hands of the Corporation. — And being asked, Wrhat is the Nature of the Rents of Seats in Saint George's Church he said.

The Rents are received for Pews in that Church, which belong to the Corporation. — And being asked,

What is the Nature of the Arrears of Interest received from the Parish of Liverpool? he said, It is Annual Interest upon a Sum of Money borrowed by the Parish from the Corporation; the Parish now stand indebted to the Corporation in the Sum of 4,000l., which, at Five per Cent, amounts to 200 per Annum. —

And being asked, Whether there are any Arrears of Interest due upon the Annual Interest of the Bond Debts ? he said, None that he knows of, nor to the Annuitants. — And being further examined, he said,

The Annuities are principally, if not all, upon One Life. — And being asked, What are the Annual Outgoings to be paid by the Corporation of Liverpool? he said, Salaries to the following Officers, viz. The Mayor 500 Guineas, the Treasurer 500 /., the Secretary 150/. Two Surveyors 2,50/., the Sword-bearer 80/., Five Head Constables 50 Guineas a Year each, Recorder 40/., Deputy Recorder 30/.,

Two Chaplains at 200 Guineas each, and the Gaoler 80 /. — And being asked, What is the Annual Expence of paving? he said, It has for several Years past been very considerable (but he can't state the Amount) the Corporation having opened several Roads and Avenues into the Town, and paved them; the Pavements of the Town are now in very great Order and good Repair; the Corporation are not bound to the Repair of more than a very small Part of the Town, though they have been in the Habit of doing it; they are only bound to repair (as he understands it) the ancient Highways and Streets of the Town, which are very few indeed.

Mr. Charles Eyes, Surveyor of the Pavements of the Town of Liverpool, was then called; and being asked,

What

Report on ^Liverpool Petition.

What is the Annual Expence of paving the Town to be paid by the Corporation ? he said, It is a very difficult Matter to state, as the Corporation have, for the last Five Years, laid out a great Sum of Money, in the Repair of the Pavements and Sewers, to the Amount of 20,000l. but the Pavior employed by the Corporation has offered to contract to keep the Pavements in Repair for the Sum of 3001, Annum; he being allowed to collect a small Toll of Four^Pence per Annum from each House in Addition to that Sum: There aTe about Seven or Eight Thflu-sand Houses in Liverpool, but they don't all pay the Four Pence, as some of them are poor. — And being asked, Whether there is any Annual fcxpence incurred by keeping the Sewers in Repair? he said, About 30 /. per Anrtum. — Then,

Mr. Henry Brawn was again called, and being asked, Whether the Corporation is bound by Charter, or otherwise, to pay any of the Salaries specified ? he said, Not that he knows of — And being asked, Whether the Corporation Cash Book is in Town, or any other Document, by which the Annual Income and Expenditure of the Corporation will appear? he said, No'. — Then,

Mr. John Foster was again called, and being asked, How the Calculation was formed of the Value of the Reversionary Interest of the Houses and other Buildings erected upon Land held in Lease under the Corporation? be said, At Five Years Purchase upon the Annual Rent of those Buildings erected upon the Corporation Estate, being, as he conceives, a low Computation on the Difference between Leasehold and Freehold; and that lie is confirmed in this Opinion, from his Official Situation as Surveyor to the Buildings: That he has had repeated Offers for a greater Allowance (by which he rneans more Years Purchase than Five) from Persons who were in full Lease; and he is confident that he has had Offers sometimes for as much as Eight Years on New Buildings. — And being further examined, he said, That the Rents amount to 84,280/. per Annum, which he states from a Schedule of the Property taken by himself and Mr. Eyes; and he is of Opinion, that if the Reversionary Interest bad been brought to Market Six Months ago, it would have fetched its Valuation, namely 421,000l.

The Witness then produced to your Committee, a Valuation of Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings, upon the Estate belonging to the Corporation of Liverpool, and leased out by them for Three Lives and Twenty-one Years; which is annexed to this Report, Appendix N* 4.

And the Witness being asked, What was the Quantity of Land leased, but not built upon? he said, About 350 Statute Acres. — And' being asked, What was the Annual Value thereof? he said, The Corporation charge about a Shilling for each Statute Acre, which amounts to 17/. 10s. per Annum: This is a reserved Rent exclusive of Fines, and the Land is let upon Three Lives. — And being asked, Upon what Principle he formed this Calculation? he said, At 250/. per Acre; the Difference between Lease-

hold and Freehold *Tt is let at present in Herbage, but he is of Opinion, from its lying so contiguous to the Town, that it is of the Average Value he has mentioned. — That at the greatest Distance from the Town, he estimates the Land to be worth 150/. per Acre, but nearer the Town, from 600l. to 800l. per Acre; and he has known an Instance of 900 /. per Acre being asked. — And the Witness added, That he means this for the Reversionary Interest in the-Land. — And being asked. How the Calculation was formed of the Value of the Annual Ground Rents ? he said, at Thirty Years Purchase; and that those Ground Rents are for Buildings and Lands. — And being asked, Upon what Principle the Calculation was formed of the Value of the Buildings in Possession let to Tenants at Will? he said, At Twenty Years Purchase upon the Nett Rent. — And being asked, Upon what Principle the Value of the Land in Fee Simple let to Tenants at Will was calculated ? he said. At Thirty Years Purchase. — And being asked, From whence the Amount of the Money owing for Land sold, was collected? he said, From the Corporation Books: And he added, That the Corporation are in Possession of the Land, and there are many Buildings erected upon it. — And being asked. How the Value of the Land in Fee Simple unoccupied, and intended to be sold, was calculated ? he said, In proportion to the Land already disposed of in similar Situations for the Purposes of Building. — And being asked, Upon what Principle the Value of the Strand of the River, to low Water, was calculated ? he said, At a less Rate than Land in a similar Situation, which was purchased by the Corporation. — That the Part purchased was intended for the Extension of the Docks, and the other Part lies adjoining to it, and is equally convenient for the Purpose. — And being asked, How the Calculation was formed of the Value of the Town's Duties? -he said, At Twenty Years Purchase, subject to the Observations formerly stated. — And being asked, Upon what Calculation the Value of the Graving Docks is estimated? he said, At Twenty Years Purchase. — And being further examined, he said, That the Value of the Anchorage, and also of the small Tolls, Weighing Machine, and Seats in Saint George's Church, are likewise calculated at Twenty Years Purchase. — And being asked, From whence the Amount of the Money due from the Parish of Liverpool, was stated ? he said, From the Treasurer's Books. — And being asked, Whether, in the Evidence he had given with respect to the Value of the Corporation Estate, he had not formed his Computation with a View to the late Increase, and probable further Increase of the Prosperity of the Town ? he said, In his Judgment it would have sold Six Months ago for what he had estimated it at; and, that he calculated upon the past Increase, and not upon the future. — And being asked, Whether the Annuities are included in the Sum of 355,159/. stated, in the first Account delivered in by the Mayor, as the Money due upon Bond from the Corporation of on the

21 st of March 1793? he said, No.

o

eg

n'

CD

Q.

O'

O

00

oo

APPENDIX, N# i.

General ACCOUNT and VALUATION of the Estate and Revenue belonging to the Corporation of Liverpool; taken the 2ist of March 1793.

INCOME for 1792:

Fines received for the Renewal of Leases -Ground Rents received for the Year 1792 -

Rents for Buildings in Possession, let to Tenants at Will -Rents for Land in Possession, let to Tenants at Will Amount of Town's Duties ——

Graving Docks ——

Anchorage ——

Small Tolls (called Ingates and Outgates) -Weighing Machine -

Rents of Seats in St. George's Church -Arrears of Interest from the Parish of Liverpool -

INTEREST and ANNUITIES paid in 1792:

Annual Interest upon the Bond Debts, #

principally at the Rate of 4 f per Cent, per Annum.....15,835 ,4 3

Annuities upon Bond - - - - 2,1091210

Balance in Favour of the Corporation - - f

£ s. d.

2,270 14 4

1,027 1 10

5,166 17 6

1,349 12,180 1 —

7 —

1,701 16 5

211 1.5 3

321 9 7

143 4 —

268 11 —

360 — —

25,000 17 11

17,945 7 l

7,055 10 10

Clayton Tarlet

Mayor of Liverpool.

VALUATION:

The Reversionary Interest of the Houses and other Buildings erected upon Land held in Lease under the Corporation (amounting to £. 84,280 per Annum) estimated as being all in full Lease for 3 Lives and 21 Years -

The Reversionary Interest in Land not built upon -

Annual Ground Rents, from the Receipts in 1792 -

Buildings in Possession, let to Tenants at Will ——

Land in Fee Simple, let to Tenants at Will ——

Money owing for Land sold ——

Land in Fee Simple unoccupied, and intended to be sold -

Strand of the River (to Low Water) ——

Town's Duties ——

Graving Docks ——

Anchorage ——

Small Tolls, Weighing Machine, Seats in St. George's Church -

Money due from the Parish of Liverpool ——

____________________ c

DEBT:

The Money due upon Bond from the Corporation the 21st

March 1793..... 355,159 --

Annuitants, amounting to £. 2,109. 12. 10. per Annum, valued at 6 Years ----- --- - 12,657 12 —

Balance in Favour of the Corporation - -

Exclusive of a Balance due from the Trustees of the Docks, supposed to amount to ——

And of the Reversionary Interest of certain Lots of Ground, unbuilt upon, and laid out for building, valued at

Exclusive also of Public Buildings, and Ground appropriated to Public Purposes, valued at -

10.000 ——

50.000 — —

85.000 ——

421,100

87.500

30,810

103,320

40,470

13,719

27,250

19.500

243,607

34.500

4,200

14,800

4,000

s.

1,044,776 ——

367,816 12 —

676,959 8 —

60,000 ——

N.B. — A very considerable Sum of Money, not less than £. 120,000, has been actually sunk (pro tempore) by the Corporation, within 6 Years, in the Purchase of Land and Buildings, with a View to future Improvements; which enhances the Value of the Reversionary Interests extremely, as will be experienced when the Lives in the new Buildings begin to drop.

Clayton,

Mayor of Liverpool.

Oj

£ J-5 n. q o

g-g *

!§.

33 Geo. III. 15° Aprilis.

15° Aprilis.

A. 1793.

Report on Liverpool Petition.

Appendix, N° 2.

ACCOUNT of Money received by the Corporation of Liverpool, for Fines for the Renewal of Leases, from 1783 to 1792; specifying the Average for that Period, and also the Average for the last Seven Years.

Average of Ten Years.

In the Year 1783 668 ——

1784 1785 4,153 2,514 5 — 2 6

1786 1787 ..... i,ofifi 17 — 15 6

1788 1789 Q.isa O,

4,192 mm - 19 —

1790 1,532 2 1

1791 285 4 —

1792 2,270 14 4

The Decrease this Year was occasioned by the Want of Common Councils to transact the Business.

The Decrease this Year was occasioned by the Want of Councils to transact the Public Business.

Total for Ten Years £.23,717 1 5, amounting to £. 2,371. 14. 1. per Annum, on

" "..... an Average for the last Ten Years.

Average of Seven Years.

In the Year 1786 ..... 1,066 17 —

1787 3,9i 15 6

1788 ..... 3,132 2 —

1789 4,192 19 —

179° ..... 1,532 2 1

„ f This Decrease was occasioned by the Want

1791 285 4 — 1 , „

I of Councils.

2jQ^O I4 4

Total for Seven Years £.16,381 13 11, amounting to £.2,340. 4. 10. per Annum, on

________________ an Average for the last Seven Years.

Clayton Tarleton,

Mayor of Liverpool.

Appendix, N* 3.

o

STATEMENT of the Amount of the Town's Duties, Fines for the Renewal of Leases, Graving Dockage, Anchorage, and Ground Rents, received by the Corporation of

Liverpool, from 1783 to 1792.

is*

US

US

o

w

o

1

Town's Duties -

Fines for the Renewal of Leases

Graving Docks -

Anchorage -

Ground Rents -

1783.

6,130 13 6

668 ——

1,176 18 7

1784.

6,544 16 8

4A53 5 — 1,166 6 1

1785-

7,52i 16 7

2,514 2 6 1,226 16 10

N.B. — The Corporation permitted this Tol

1,002 14 2

1,140 12 5

1,187 5 10

1786.

7,470 — 10 1,066 17 — 1,152 9 6

1787

,600 11 6

3,90! »5 6 1,419 15 10

1788.

9,005 8 11

3A32 2 —

1,484 5 6

to be allowed to the Docks until 1789.

1,151 1 1

1,247 *4 3

1,186 17 2

1789.

8,836 10 4

4,192 19 —

1,227 7 2

175 7 6 991 n 11

1790.

ii,535 3 — i,532 2 1

1,097 6 4f 196 6 4 1,016 3 5

1791-

1792.

11 12,180 7 —

— 2,270 14 4 Or 0

8 1,725 12 11 A

1 211 15 3 3

4 1,027 1 10

Certified, March 22, 1793, by Tho* Golightly, Treasurer to the Corporation of Liverpool.

o

CQ'

1 — +'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o§

FT

Clayton Tarleton,

Mayor of Liverpool.

EE59 «45

£J!

Si 3.

£, o

o>

UO

644

Report on Liverpool Petition.

15° Aprilis.

Appendix, N° 4.

A. 1793.

VALUATION of Houses, Warehouses, and other Buildings, upon the Estate belonging to the Corporation of Liverpool, and leased out by them for Three Lives and Twenty-one Years.

Water Street - -

Bottom of D", Warehouses Tythbarn Street -

Silk House Lane -Dale Street -

Shaw's Brow -

Mill Place....

Commutation Row -

Islington ..... Prescot Road ..

Hay Market -

St. John's Lane, Houses and Ropery Shaw Place -

Great Charlotte Street -

Hood Street -

Queen's Square - -

Whitechapel ..... Rope Walks, and Houses at the

Lower End of D*

Marble Street ..

Charles Street -

Richmond Street ..... Dawson Street ..... Leigh Street ..... Murray Street, &c.

Williamson Street ... Tarleton Street ..... Church Street ..... Williamson Square -

Bassnet Street ..... Houghton Street ..... Tyrer Street ..... Ranelagh Street - -

Casses Street ..... Clayton Square ..... Parker Street ..... Lime Kiln Lane - -

Copperas Hill ..... Church Alley ..

D° Lane ..... Paradise Street ..... School Lane ..... College Lane ..... Hanover Street Majesty's Lane ..... Peter's Lane ..... Brooke's Alley ..... Brownlow Hill ..... Gradwell Street and Court Pothouse Lane -Wolstenholme Square -

Parr Street -

Seel Street, and cross into Bold Street Bold Street -

Fleet Street ..

Wood Street -

Lawton Street, and the Roperies

Cropper Street -

Newington Row -

Renshaw Street ..

Martindale's Hill - -

Berry Street ..

Knight Street -

Roscoe Street

Leeces Street -

Rodney Street ..

Carried up - j£.

Bro* up - £. 29,800 —

500 Quarry Hill - - - 60 —

700 St. James's Walk and Stables - 200 —

200 Lord Street - 500 —

30 Cable Street ..... 200 —

500 Thomas's Street - 200 —

300 Atherton Street - 200 —

30 King Street 400 —

150 Thafford's Lane - 400 — —

300 Brooks's Square - 150 —

150 Cooper's Row - 400 —

240 Custom House Lane - 150 —

9° Pool Lane, Bottom End 100 —

80 Redcross Street, Bottom End - 500 —

300 — Preeson's Row - 40 —

200 James's Street, Lower End 200 —

190 — Moor Street - 50 —

1,000 Sea Brow - 250 —

Strand Street - 1,800 —

350 — Bird Street - 500 —

200 Betwixt Bridges, East Side 300 —

150 — Nova Scotia and Mann's Island 800 —

200 Dry Dock, East Side - 600 —

100 Steer's Lane, Litherland Lane, and

200 Crooked Lane - 1,000 —

350 — Bridge Street ..... 400 —

400 — Bromfield Street - 300 —

500 — Darwin's Lane - 250 —

1,200 — Old Dock Quay - 2,500 —

700 — Salthouse Dock Quay - 1,200 —

600 — D° West Side, and Cornhill - 2,000 —

600 — Graving Dock Quay - 50 —

40 — Ansdell Street, Charlotte Street, and

1,000 — Salthouse Lane - 700 —

280 — Saltworks - 200 —

1,000 — Campbell Street - 1,000 —

200 — Barter Street - 400 —

300 — Garden Street - 180 —

300 — Mason Street - 600 —

60 — Hurst Street - 800 —

too Maghull Street, Grayson Street, and

1,500 Shaw's Alley - 800 —

500 Liver Street - 400 —

400 Pownall Street - 250 —

2,500 Tabley Street - 700 —

500 Mersey Street - 800 —

400 Sparling Street - 1,500 —

60 Crosbie Street - 900 —

200 Blundell Street - 1,000 —

3.50 Kitchen Street - 150 —

350 Bridgewater Street - 250 —

600 Watkinson Street - 150 —

4O0 Norfolk Street - 300 —

600 Breck Street - 100 —

1,500 Jordan Street - 300 —

1,000 Greenland Street and Simpson Street 500 —

200 Flint Street - 100 —

700 Parliament Street - 150 —

300 Rathbone Street - 80 —

150 Great George Street - 400 —

700 Hope Street - 300 —

1,600 Duke Street - 4,400 —

200 Beetham Street - 100 —

200 Colquitt Street - 600 —

60 Henry Street, Campbell Street, and

140 Turpentine Lane - 2,000 —

900 Argyle Street - 500 —

29,800 Carried up - £ 66,no — n

P

C

S

P

V

S'

K

C

K

1

fW

:'.ia

.ill

Price's

J

645

Bill for better Supply of Mariners and Seanieu ordered.

West India Trade bill presented.

Committee of Ways and Means.

15° Aprilis.

Bro* up

Price's Street -

Cleaveland Square -

Seddon Street -

Pitt Street -York Street -

Lydia Ann Street -

Suffolk Street -

Kent Square -Gilbert Street -

Kent Street ... Frederick Street -

Park Lane -

Torrest Street, and Greetham Street Carried up - £.

66,110' ——

450 ——

6oo ——

100 ——

i,6oo ——

25o ——

350 ——

400 ——

250 ——

300 -

600 ——

800 ——

1,800 - — 300 —

73,910 ——

Bro' up Dickonson Street -

St. James's Street -

Wapping -

Castle Street, and Lower D* Brunswick Street -

Bolton Street, Copperas Hill 604 Back Houses, as per Gore's Directory -

73,910 ——

300 ——

1,200 ——

3.000 -

2,170 ——

500 ——

200 ——

3.000 -

84,280 ——

Valued, 21st March 1793,

by Foster, Jun\

t *

Eyes.

Report on Liverpool Petition.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels, during the present War: And that Mr. Ryder, the Lord Arden, and the Lord Hdo prepare, and bring

in, the same.

Mr. Ryder presented to the‘House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the Indies-, and for amending so much of an Act, made in the 'Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty, in the West Indies, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South and so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, into Nova or

New Brunswick, from any Country belonging to the United States of America: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Charles Long also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Expiring to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Laws Rill upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the deterred. Landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yams made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Long took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Long reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 48.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made on Bill to in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Ma- ®mend Act jesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for t^i^M)"6 " the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price Bread.

" and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall " adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread," with respect to the Time within which certain Prosecutions directed by the said Act are to be brought.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

8 B Amendments

Petition from Owners of Lands, Mills, fee. against the Chelmsford Navigation Bill.

Petitions in favour of D° Bill.

16° Aprilis. . 1793.

Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 16* die Aprilis;

Anno 33* Georgii III*H Regis, 1793. Prateri.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Mills, Wharfs, Quays, Granaries, Store Houses, and other Property, in, through, or near which the intended Navigable Cut or Canal, to be called The Chelmer and Blachvater Navigation is proposed

to be made, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essev, to a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River in the said County; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners find that their Rights, Interests, and Property, will be materially ana essentially injured, if the said Bill should be suffered to pass into a Law as it now stands, the Clauses in the said Bill not having provided adequate Compensation for the great Injuries the Petitioners are likely to sustain in respect to their Lands, Mills, Wharfs, Quays, Granaries, Store Houses, and other Property: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may be injurious to their several and respective Rights, Interests, and Property.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing in the Parishes of Brentwood, Shenfield, Hutton, Buttsbury, Ingatestone,

Margaretting, Mountnessing, Stock, Blackmore, Broom-

field, Chignall Saint James, Chignall Smealy, Great Leighs, Little Leighs, Roxwell, Great Waltham, Little

Waltham, Widford, and Writtle, in the County of Essex: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing in the Parishes of Barnston, ted, Chickney, Great Dunmm, Little Great

Easton, Little Eastern, Lindsell, Pleshey, Tilly, Great Canfield, Little Canfield, Good Easter, High. Easter, Mashbury, Ay thorp Roothing, Barnish Roothing, High Roothing, Leaden Roothing, Margaret Roothing, White Roothing, Shellow Bowells, Doe,

Spain, Eels ted Sating, Stebbing, Roothing Abbas, Roothing Belchamp, Roothing M and Shelly, in the County of Essex;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill: And praying, That the same may be passed into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to St Loke'i whom the Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the kg^ngud Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better enlightening and cleansing the Open Places, Squares,

" Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts within " the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of " sex, and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels,

" and ibr repairing the Highways within the said " Parish," and for granting other Powers for the better lighting, cleansing, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Places within the said Parish, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the same, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Robert Smith presented to the House, according Derby and to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- Shardlow gable Cut or Canal from the Town of Derby to the Trent and Mersey Canal, at or near Shardlow, in the pme0 County of Derby, and from the said Canal to the Nottingham Canal, near to the Town of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Glaigowwd Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of Garlcube his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, Roid " An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the coinmit " City of Glasgow," and of another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Cmo-caddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvin called The Milnford of Garscube, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Com- Loch Gilp mittee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining »»<) a Navigable Cut or Canal from Loch Gilp to Loch.

Crinan, in the Shire of Argyll, was committed; That B repo the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

33 Geo. III.

16° Aprilis.

647

% '

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and ingrossed.

Where

4-

4 sal r 1

;li]j

ad

a

lac,

w

Dnke of Marlborough's Agreement

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Edward Fairless being examined, said, That

tinued, further Powers granted, and the Tolls increased. — And the Witness added, That the said Acts might be more easily executed, if the Powers thereof were comprized in One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarging, and

JX

lii

0

Mr. Blackbume reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for establishing and confirming certain Arti-Bilreported, des of Agreement entered into between the Duke of the Trustees have made great Progress in repairing and pasted. Marlborough and Lincoln College, Oxford, was com- the said Roads, and have borrowed f. 2,277 upon the raitted; That the Committee had examined the Al- Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be legations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; repaid, nor the Roads effectually amended and kept and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are con-to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume do carry the Bill to consolidating, the Powers of Two Acts of Parlia-the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath ment, passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-seventh agreed to the same, without any Amendment. Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George

the Second, for repairing the High Road from Glasgow Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Com- to in the County of

Church Peti- mittee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, ham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at non reported. Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Glas- Lane End, in the same County: And that Mr.

gow, for themselves, and on behalf of the Community Pitt and Mr. Tempest do prepare, and bring in,

of the said City, was referred; That the Committee the same, had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

John Seton, Esquire, being examined, said, That the present Turnpike Road between and Bedford,

Tron Church, which is One of the Parish Churches of to Great Barford , and for continuing a Road the City of Glasgow, has been very lately burnt down from thence to the Great Northern Road, near Terns-by accidental Fire, and that it is necessary to re-build ford Bridge, in the County of Bedford, was committed; the same, either where it stood, or on some other That the Committee had examined the Allegations of Piece of Ground within the said City, as soon as con- the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that veniently may be, in order that the Parishioners and the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Inhabitants may have a Place of Public Worship; but several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-that the same cannot be effected without the Authority rected him to report to the House; and he read the of Parliament. Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the

A Member present confirmed the above Evidence. Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; re-building the Tron Church of the City of Glasgow: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the And that Lord Frederick Campbell and Mr. William Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by M(Dowall do prepare, and bring in, the same. the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Piercebridge Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do make the Report ingrossed.

Ro»dPetition from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

",#rte Trustees for executing the Powers and Trusts of an The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-first Year of a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrpssed on. Brown's the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Dlvorce B*‘ ' ' " A ‘ r .1 tt- . Marriage of Edward Brown, Esquire, with Susannah

Solley, his nowr Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Ingilby reported from the Committee, that

Mr. Whitbread, Senior, reported from the Com- Cardington mittee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, "n? Barford and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the {;[?. 0",

Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in the

intituled, "An Act for repairing the High Road from " Piercebridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of " Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road " at Tudhoe Lane End, in the same County," and of another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was u His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road directed by the Committee to move, that they may have " from Piercebridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County Leave to sit again.

" of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road " at Tudhoe Lane End, in the said County, and for " making the same more effectual," and of several other Persons, Creditors upon the Tolls, by the said Acts granted, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Mr. John Pitt accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative

to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lords Mr. Walker: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An FossNaviga-Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Com- don, &c. Bill, munication from the Junction of the River with the River Ouse, at or near the City of York, to

Petition, which they had directed to be reported to lington Mill, in the Parish of in the North

Vo L. 48. Riding

16° Aprilis.

A. 1793.

- Hiding of the County of York, and for draining and

improving certain Low Lands lying on each Side of the said River Foss; without any Amendment: And also,

Moiler and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Rapp's Nat. ^\ct for naturalizing Emanuel Muller and John Rapp;

' without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for have passed naturalizing Carslen Anderson; to which the Lords de-Anderson's sjre the Concurrence of this House, at. Bill. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill for bet- Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to ter Supply of Order, a Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Manners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and seated.Pre" on ^oar(l Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels, during the present War: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill respecting Corps of Fencible Men, &c. committed.

Committee on Vote of Credit Bill.

Bill to amend Act relative to Publication of Notices of Time and Place of Elections deferred.

lteport Ways and Means.

A Bill to establish certain Regulations respecting Officers serving in several Corps of Fencible Men, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain other Corps which may be directed to be raised in Great Brtain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further regulating " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and " for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and returning such Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Charles Long, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as' followeth;

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Expiring That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign Law* of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for further encouraging and regulating the " Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more " effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom," which was to continue in Force, from the 24th Day of June 1736, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by several subsequent Acts, made in the Thirteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Thirty-first Years of his said Majesty's Reign, and the Fourth, Twelfth,

Eighteenth, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1792, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

The said Resolution being being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charles Long, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. John Pitt, according to Order, reported from Bill to amend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the for regu- Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year p^ce of* of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Bread, re-Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making of ported.

" Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize there-.

" of; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate " Meal, Flour, or Bread," with respect to the Time within which certain Prosecutions directed by the said Act are to be brought, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Expiring to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Laws Bill upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the deferred. Landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in;

to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement

Hull Docks

Petition

reported.

16° Aprilis.

649

of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, the Guild or Brotherhood of Masters and Pilots Seamen of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull, under their respective Common Seals, and of the Merchants, Ship Owners, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Port of Kingston upon Hull, and others interested in the Trade and Shipping of the said Port, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's' Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for making and establishing " Public Quays or Wharfs at Kingston upon , for " the better securing His Majesty's Revenue of Customs,

" and for the Benefit of Commerce in the Port of " Kingston upon Hull; for making a Bason or Dock,

" with Reservoirs, Sluices, Roads, and other Works, for " the Accommodation of Vessels using the said Port,

" and for appropriating certain Lands belonging to His Majesty, and fcr applying certain Sums of Money " out of His Majesty's Customs at the said Port, for " those Purposes, and for establishing other necessary " Regulations within the Town and Port of Kingston " upon Hull," was read: And,

Hugh Ker, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trade of the Port of Hull has of late Years so much increased, and still appears to be in a progressive State, and the Ships and Vessels which frequent the same are become so numerous, and of such large Dimensions, that the Advantage proposed by the New Dock cannot be obtained in the present Dock, which is not capable of properly accommodating Two Thirds of the Ships belonging to and frequenting the Port, and those which do obtain Admission into the Dock, are in so crowded a State that the cleansing of the Dock is thereby rendered impracticable, and several Vessels are prevented from going into the same to unlade their Cargoes, and others are detained within it, and retarded from prosecuting their Voyages, to the great Detriment of all Persons concerned in the Trade and Commerce of the said Port, and of His Majesty's Revenue; and, in case of Fire, the total Destruction of the Shipping and the Town of Hull is almost inevitable.

That in case the said Bason or Dock should be extended, such Losses, Damages, and Inconveniences might be prevented, and a safe and commodious Station be provided for the harbouring, lading, and unlading of the Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port.

That the Revenues of the Dock Company are amply sufficient for making a necessary Extension of the present Dock; and that great Part of the Land, for making the said Dock, and also the Sum of 15,000 /. have been given to the said Company by the said Act; but the said Company have not advanced more than 250 /. upon each Share, and by the Profits arising from the Sale of Lands purchased for the Purposes of the Act (which were not then wanted) and the Rates, from the great Increase of Shipping, they have already divided more than double the Amount of their Advance, with Interest thereupon at Five per Centum per Annum.

Vol. 48.

And the Witness further said, That it is conceived the said Company ought, from the increased Produce of the Rates, to make the necessary Extension of the said Dock for the Accommodation of all the Shipping coming to the said Port; and on being applied to for that Purpose, they have admitted that there is not sufficient Room in the present Dock for the increased Number of Ships, but refuse to provide any additional Dock, or to extend the one already made, but upon Conditions which relate to the Lands and Revenues of His Majesty, and which do not seem reasonable, as the said Company have already a large Portion of the Land granted by the said Act remaining, which adjoins the said Dock, and extends from thence towards the River Humber, and is on that Account, and in every Respect, the best situated for the Accommodation and Convenience of the Tow n, and of the Trade and Commerce of the Port.

And the Witness added, That the Profits upon the Shares in the present Dock, have for some Years been Annually increasing, and in the Year 1792 produced 82/. 5 s.for every Share; and that the said Rates and Duties will form an adequate Fund, not only to produce a reasonable Profit to the said Company, but also to defray the Expence of providing sufficient Accommodation for the increased Number of Vessels frequenting the said Port, without which the present flourishing State of the Trade and Commerce of the said Town, and of His Majesty's Revenue, may soon be diverted into some other Channel: — Then,

Mr. Edward Anderson, one of the Auditors of the last Years Accounts of the Dock Company: And,

Mr. Thomas Robinson, a Merchant at Hull, being examined, confirmed the Whole of Mr. Ker a Evidence: — And,

Mr. John Green, a Ship Owner at Hull, and Mr.

Thomas Gleadon, a Ship Builder at Hull, confirmed such Part of the Evidence of Mr. Ker as respects the confined State of the Dock, and the Necessity of extending the same.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Bason or Dock of the Port of Kingston upon Hull: And that Mr. Samuel Thornton and Sir Adam Fergusson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Penge Inch). Second Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing a sure Bill Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Penge comm, te<*' Common, lying within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that Counsel for and against the Bill were attending at the Door; but no Motion being made to the House that the Counsel be called in;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Russell, Mr. William Clement Finch, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Lord William Russell have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Houses and Ground situate in a certain Place called Holland's Leagure, and in that Part of the Upper Ground Street, which lies on the East Side of Saint George's, or the High Road leading from Bridge to the

Obelisk in Saint George's Fields, in the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Surrey.

8 C Anu

Petition signifying that Notices had been given of the Application for St. George's Paving. &c. Bill.

The Lords kave agreed to

National Debt Bill.

Littlehamp-ton Harbour Bill.

Bill respecting Table Beer.

16° — d(T0

A.1793.

And the,s^id Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the gth Day of this Instant Notice ,of the Application to Parliament for a Bill for

making a New Street from Saint George's Road aforesaid, through the said Place called Holland's Txagure, into apd cross a certain other Place called The Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish of Christchurch, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating, such New Street, and for discontinuing as a Public Highway a certain Part of the said Street called The Upper Ground Street, was given at the last Easter Sessions holden at in and for the County of Surrey, and by Advertisement in the Newspapers called The Gazetteer and Saint James's Chronicle, in this present Month of April, in such and in the like Manner as is required by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the said New Street, and for effecting the several Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And jt is referred to Lord Russell, Mr.

William Clement Finch, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 17° di

Anno 33* Georgii III. U Regis, 1793.

Pray ers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting Piers in, and " for repairing, and keeping in Repair, the Harbour of " Littlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Sussex," and for empowering the Commissioners acting under the said Act to improve the Navigation of the River Arun, from the said Harbour to the Town of Arundel, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as respects the Quality of Table Beer, brewed by Common Brewers; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and repairing, the Road from Clay Hill, in the Turnpike Road between stone and Chipping Norton, in (the County of Oxford, over Heyford Bridge, to the Water Lane, in the Town of Bicester, in the said County, and from Bicester aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in Weston on the Green, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from the Turnpike Road between Gateshead and near Lobley Hill, in the Parish of Whickham, in the County of Durham, to Burtry Ford, in the Parish of Stanhope, in the same County, and a Branch from the said Road, near Bryans Leap, in the County of Durham, to the Corbridge Turnpike Road near Black-hedley, in the County of Northumberland, and another Branch from the said Road at Wolsingham, in the County of Durham, to Crosgale, near the City of Durham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Covenham Saint Bartholomew and Covenham Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Townships of Moreton and Wil-brighton, otherwise Wilberton, in the Parish of Gnosall, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal at or near Cropwell Butler, to the Town of Bingham, both in the County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames, at or near Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Navigation of the River in the

Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, and certain other Estates in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, late the Property of George Perrott, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Monies arising thereby to be applied in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as those directed to be sold by this Act are now settled; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Neat E0A1 and Biceste Road Bill.

Lobley H i and Aldston See. Roads Bill.

Covenham

Inclosure Bill.

Moreton am Wilbrighton Inclosure Bill.

Grantham Canal Bill.

Brannstoit and Brentford Canal Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have passed

Perrott's Estate Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Anderson's for naturalizing Carsten Anderson, was read the First NaV Bl11 Time. "*4-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Benezechs for naturalizing Peter Benezech, was read a Second Nat. Bill Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Wigley, 8cc.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr.

Mr. Flamer reported from the Committee, to Whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and ‘Common Fields, arid other 'Commoriable Lands, within the 'Parish of Castlethorpe, in the Courity of Buckingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w'ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ' ingrossed.

Mr. Tempest presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating, the Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Piercebridge to Kirkmerringion, in the County of Dur-

ham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of John Taylor, Devisee in Trust of the real Estate of John Walker, deceased, within the Manor and Township of Armley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner is informed, that certain Owners of Lands and Tenements, within the said Manor and Township of Armley, have presented a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Parcel of Waste Ground, called Armley Moor, and other Waste Ground, within the said Manor and Township, w'hich Bill has been read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner conceives that an Inclosure of the said Moor and Waste Ground would be productive of no Advantage to any of the Proprietors claiming a Right of Common thereon, but, on the contrary, would very materially injure and prejudice their respective Estates in the said Township, by laying upon the Township the Burthen of making, maintaining, and repairing, the necessary new Roads, which must be set out to a considerable Extent over the said Moor and Waste Ground, and also by increasing the Poors Rate, in as much as the Petitioner conceives that the Inhabitants of the said Town of Armley, who are very numerous, and principally poor Manufacturers of Broad Woollen Cloth, receive considerable Benefit and Advantage from the present Open State of the said Moor and Waste Ground, particularly in having Tenters and Frames, to stretch and dry their Cloth Warps and Wool, after it has been dyed, put up and fixed, upon the said Moor and Waste Ground, which Privileges and Advantages have hitherto conduced to alleviate the Distresses and Hardships of the said poor Manufacturers in the said Township of Armley, and which, if the said Inclosure takes place, they will be totally deprived of, and reduced to Poverty and Want: And therefore praying, That he may be heard by his Counsel and Witnesses against the said Bill, or that the Petitioner may have such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Vol. 48.

A Petition Of the sOveral Persons whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, being 'Master Manufacturers of Mjf®ter Ma* 'Broad Woollen Cloth within the Township of Armley, Broad, in the Parish of Leeds, in the'West Riding of the Coiirity Woollen of York, was also presented to the House, and read; cloth against Taking Notice of the Bill mentioned in the preceding Armley*lJr Petition; and Setting forth, That the said Moor and ° °8Urc 1 Waste Ground only contains about 160 Acres, which, when divided amongst so great a Number of Claimants in small Allotments, and loaded with the heavy and unavoidable Expences of obtaining the Act, surveying, dividing, inclosing, and improving, the same, will be attended with little or no Benefit to the said Land Owners; and that the Petitioners, and particularly the poorer Manufacturers in the said Township, who are very numerous, have received great Comfort and Benefit from the Privileges they have hitherto enjoyed of fixing Tenters and Frames, to stretch and dry their Cloth Warps and Wool, after it has been dyed, upon the said Common and Waste Ground, and from many other Advantages resulting to them from the present Open State of the said Common and Waste Ground, and the Petitioners conceive an Inclosure of the said Common and Waste Ground will not only totally deprive them and the said poor Manufacturers of the said Privileges and Advantages which they and their Ancestors have hitherto enjoyed, but also be it further very material Injury to the Petitioners, by laying upon them, and the other Inhabitants of the said Township, the Burthen of maintaining and upholding the necessary new Roads which must be set out to a considerable Extent over the said Common, and by depriving the said Inhabitants of Armley of the necessary Materials for repairing as well the same new Roads, as those which they are now obliged to maintain, and also by increasing the Poors Rate, which is at present very high, inasmuch as it will deprive the said poor Manufacturers of the said Privileges and Advantages, and also of that Pasturage upon the said Common which they have hitherto much depended upon: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel and Witnesses, to oppose the said Bill, and that the Petitioners may have such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Armley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition from thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors £?"eTSof of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the against Arm-Manor and Township of Armley, in the West Riding ley Inclosure of the County of York, was presented to the House, Bill, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have an indisputable Right of Common upon a certain Parcel of Waste Ground, called Armley Moor, and other Waste Ground within the Township of Armley, and, at the Instance of several other Owners of Lands within the said Manor and Township, lately signed a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing, and inclosing the said Moor and Waste Ground; and that the Petitioners were induced to sign the said Petition under an Idea that the Inclosure would meet with the Approbation of, and be of

general

65 2

17° Aprilis. A. 1793.

general Utility to, the Inhabitants of the said Town of Armley, but, upon Enquiry, they find that the inclosing of the said Moor and Waste Ground is not approved by the said Inhabitants, and, upon more mature Consideration, the Petitioners conceive that an Inclosure of the said Waste Ground would be of general Disadvantage to the Inhabitants of the said Township of Armley, who are very numerous, and principally Manufacturers of Broad Woollen Cloth, in as much as they receive considerable Benefit and Advantage from the present Open State of the said Moor and Waste Ground, particularly in having Tenters and Frames, to stretch and dry their Cloth Warps and Wool, put up and fixed upon the said Moor and Waste Ground, which Privileges and Advantages have hitherto conduced much to the Comfort of the said Inhabitants, but which they will be totally deprived of if such Inclosure takes place: And therefore praying, That their Names may be erased from the said Petition, and in case a Bill should be brought into the House pursuant to any such Petition, that they may be heard, by their Counsel and Witnesses, to oppose the same, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Armley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of Yorlc, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Stainforth Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to and Keadby whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, tionrepwted ^anufacturers> and others, in the Counties of York,

' and Lincoln, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Thompson, an Engineer, being examined, said. That, by Surveys lately taken, it appears that a Navigable Canal may be conveniently made from the River Dunn Cut, near Stainforth, in the County of York, through the several Parishes mentioned in the Petition, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln; and also, that another Navigable Cut may be made, branching from the said first-mentioned Canal upon Thorne Common, near the Sluice, to join and commu-, nicate with the said River Dunn, at or near a Place called Hangman Hill, in the said County of York: — And the Witness further said, That the making and maintaining of such navigable Canals, together with such Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary, and also proper Railways communicating the rewith, together with necessary Roads and Towing Paths on the Banks thereof, will be the Means of opening a Communication with several considerable Iron Works, and other Manufactories, and several Mines of Coals and other Minerals, and will, in other Respects, be of great Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dunn Navigation Cut, at or near Stainforth,

in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dunn, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding:

And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Ma- Petitions in nufacturers, Traders, and others, residing in, and favourofSal paying to the Highway Rates for, the Township of Pendlebury, in the Parish of Ecclein the County of R0f<i8 Bill. Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Manufacturers, Traders, and others, residing in, and paying to the Highway Rates for, the Township of Pendleton, in the Parish of Eccles, in the County of Lancaster:

And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Manufacturers, Traders, and others, residing in, and paying to the Highway Rates for, the Township of Clifton, in the Parish of Eccles, in the County of Lancaster:

And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Manufacturers, Traders, and others, residing in, and paying to the Highway Rates for, the Townships of and Kersley, in the Parish of Dean, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Manufacturers, Traders, and others, residing in, and paying to the Highway Rates for, Swinton, in the Township of JVorsley, in the Parish of Eccles, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, and Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Towns and Neighbourhood of Manchester and Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders Manufacturers, Traders, and others, residing in, and paying to the Highway Rates for, the Townships of Chorley, in the Parish of Croslon Duxbury, in the Parish of Standish, and Blackrod, in the Parish of Bolton, all in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Innkeepers, Proprietors of Coaches and other Carriages, within the Towns of Manchester,

Salford, Bolton, JVigan, Chorley, Preston, JVarrington, and Hulton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,

"An Act for repealing an Act, made in the " Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King " George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the " Towns of Salford, JVarrington, Bolton, and " JVigan, and to certain Places called The " Broad Oak in JVorsley, and Duxbury Stocks,

" in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for " making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and also,

" for making, altering, and widening the " Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pen-"dlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence,

" through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End,

" and also from Ageaoft Bridge, over Kersal " Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said " County," and for making more effectual Provision for the Improvement, Repair, and Maintenance, of the said Roads: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition

33 Geo. III. IT April653

Petition from A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Bolton re- Merchants, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the ford^War^* ^own an(* Neighbourhood of , and the adjacent

rington, tic. Parts> 'n the County Palatine of Lancaster, whose Beads. ' Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was obtained, in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Stocks, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and also for making, altering, and widening the Road from a Place called South Sea in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said County; and that the Commissioners therein named have caused several Gates to be erected on the Roads comprized in the said Act, at which the Tolls allowed have been collected, which Tolls, at the Time of* obtaining the said Act, were, and still are, considerably indebted to divers Persons, to whom Mortgages thereof have been given for securing the Re-payment of Sums of Money by them advanced for the Purpose of making and repainug the said Roads, with Interest; and that, after satisfying such Interest as it became due, and defraying all incidental Expences, the Surplus Money arising from the Gates has been duly laid out by the said Commissioners in repairing the said Roads, but the same'has been found greatly inadequate to the Purposes thereof; and that the said Commissioners have caused every Exertion to be made in making and repairing the said Roads, but, from the great Increase of Commerce, the Carriage of Merchandize, of Coals, of heavy Materials for Building, and other Purposes, the same are become so burthensome, that, without an Increase of the Tolls, the said Roads cannot be repaired, and must remain in a decayed ruinous State, and wholly unsafe and dangerous to the Public and to the Petitioners; and that certain heavy Articles are, by the said Act, exempted from the Payment of any Toll, the Carriage of which do infinite Mischief to the Roads, and, it is found by Experience, that some of the Gates on the said Road, appointed and fixed by virtue of the said Act, are improperly placed, and might be put in a much more advantageous Situation, and that the Tolls are evaded and lessened for Want thereof; and that, taking into Consideration the great Length of the Road, and the Expence of making and repairing the same, the Petitioners apprehend there are too few Gates, and that the same ought and may be increased, and sufficient Tolls raised to complete the said Roads, and keep them in good and sufficient Repair, without oppressing the Public, or others interested therein; and that the Petitioners understand, from an Advertisement, that a Petition is intended to be presented to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill to amend and alter the said Act, and to obtain certain Powers and Remedies of Grievances complained of: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, and have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sowerby Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

Bridge and Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for making and Camd Bill maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Colder Navi-put off for gation, at or near Sowerby Bridge Wharf, in the

Six Months. Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County

Vol. 48.

of York, to the Canal of his Grace the Duke of Bridge-water, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To Leave out the Word "now" and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Six " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, },8.

Tellers for the Noe, }»

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " upon this Day Six Months," be added at the End of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yerur, {$£ }54-

Tellers for the Noes, } 5''

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon this Day Six Months.

A Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Sea- Bill forbetter men to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Supply ofMa-Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and §"e^nd Vessels, during the present War, was read a Second commitwd. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty- West India seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for Trade Bill allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain comm, ned. Goods, Wares, and Merchandize,. in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies-, and for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty, in the West Indies, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South America, and so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, into Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, from any Country belonging to the United States of America, was read a Second . Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the stud Bill.

8 D The

17° April*. A. 1793.

' Bill to amend The House was ipoved, That the Older, made Yes-Art relative ter day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee tiouofNo- Pf the whole House, upon Monday Morning next, tices of Time upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in< and Place of the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Elections, de- Third, intituled, "An Act for the further regulating rre " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, u and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of " Sheriffs, and other Officers in the electing and returning such Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Debate on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second deferring*ad Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Reading of Navigable Canal from the Manchester, Bolton, and Bill to extend Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly at, a Place the Manches- cajigd Hinde's Mill, in the Parish of Bury, in the County adjourned?1* Palatine of Lancaster, to, and into, the Colder Navi-ration, at or near to S Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and also another Navigable Canal from the said Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, at Bolton, to a Place at, or near to, Red Moss, in the Township of in the said County of Lancaster, be now read.

'And the said Order was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, That the said Bill be read Second Time upon Monday Morning next;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till after ♦the House shall have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day.

shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for toe House to Ways And resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Means de-to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the ferredi Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Brown's Diresolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, e err* intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Brown, Esquire, with Susannah Solley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Bill resjfect-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 01

upon the Bill to establish certain Regulations respect- de_

ing Officers serving in several Corps of Fencible Men, ferreii. in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain other Corps which may be directed to be raised in Great Britain;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Vote of Cre-the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His dit Billdeter- Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million Five hun- re dred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vagabonds, The Order of toe Day being read, for taking into

nm^hiiiT ^*rt^er Consideration toe Report from the Committee 'CooMu . 0£|jje wj10Je House, to whom the Bill to explain and

amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of 'the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend, and make more effectual, the Laws " relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and " disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction," was committed;

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill, considered. The House accordingly resolved itself into the said 'Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hartley took toe Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hartley reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr- Hartley accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to toe Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; apd afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where toe Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as

The Order, made this Day, for resuming the ad- Debate on journed Debate on the Motion for deferring, till Mon- Motion !or day Morning next, the Second Reading of the Bill ReadIngSofd for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Billtoextend the Manchester, Bolton, ana Bury Canal, now making the Manches-

at, or nearly at, a Place called Hinde's Mill, in the le*>&c-Ca* Parish of Bury,' in toe County Palatine of Lancaster, na resume( to, and into, the Colder Navigation, at or near to Sowerby Bridge, in the Parish of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and also another Navigable Canal from the said Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, at Bolton, to a Place at, or near to, Red Moss, in the Township of Blackrod, in the said County of Lancaster, after the House should have proceeded upon the other Orders of the Day, being read;

The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Second upon Monday Morning next. ?rred"8 de"

The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from Account of the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Timber im-Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant Lancaster to their Order, presented.

An Account of all Timber imported into the Port of Lancaster, and all other Articles imported into the said Port from the West Indies, for the last Five Years, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon toe Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

OrderedTh&t Lord George Augustus HenryC

have Leave to make a Motion, it being Six of the

Clock.

And

Swarkstone Canal Bill passed.

17° A prills.

655

And be moved the accordingly; And,

An ingrossed Bill for malting and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at, or near, Swarksione Bridge, to and through the Borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a Cut out of the said Canal in, or near, tine said Borough, to join the Canal near Sandiacre, and for making Railways from such Canal to several Collieries in the Parishes or liberties of Denby, Horsley, and Smolky, all in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for restraining the Company from taking more than certain Tolls on Goods brought from the River Derwent.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the BUI; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 17. To leave out " Elevation or Fall and insert " Descent" instead, thereof.

1. 18. To leave out " lower" and insert " less" instead thereof.

1. 20. fTo leave out " Elevation or Fall" and < and insert " Ascent " instead 21.1 thereof.

1. 11. To leave out from " except" to " through," in 1. 12. and insert " when opened for the passing " of any Barge or Boat" instead thereof.

To leave out from " only " to " through," in 1. 3. and insert,

" when opened for the passing " of any Barge or Boat " instead thereof.

To leave out " Elevation" and insert " Descent" instead thereof.

After " Derwent,'' to insert " or " from any Brooks, Streams, or " Watercourses which now run " into the said River."

After " Derwent" to insert " or " from any Brooks, Streams, or w Watercourses, which now run " into the said River."

After " within" to insert " the " Lands of Sir Robert " Baronet, in."

To leave out " Fifth" and insert " First," and to leave out " August " and insert July instead thereof.

After " of" to insert " Bricks."

At the End of the Line to add " Bricks."

At the End of the Line to add,

" the Rates on such Goods,

" Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities navigated on the stud " intended Canal, between Derby ft and Swarksione, as are here-u inafter charged with the same " Rates and Duties, to be paid tl to the said Trent and Mersey " Canal Company, as if they " had been navigated on the " said Trent and Mersey Canal,

" from Swarksione to " or from to

" stone, to be first reduced equal " to the said last mentioned " Rates and Duties, or such

Vol. 48.

i'r. 20.

Pr. 24. 1. 2.

1. 29, and

30

Pr. 25. 1. 6

1. 15-

Pr. 65. 1. 11.

Pr. 92. L 26

Pr. in 1. 17.

1. 31.

Pr 135. L 26.

u proportionate Part thereof as " shall be taken off the General " Rates as aforesaid."

Pr. 141. 1. 10. At the End of the Line to add,

" efccept Bricks manufactured in " any of the Parishes or Liberties of Barrow, Twyford, Stenson, Fitidern, and TVillington,

" in the said County of Derby,

" and not passing through any " Lock upon the said Trent and " Mersey Canal."

Pr. 146. 1. 7. After " exercised " to insert " and " that the Owners of Mills and " Works upon the said River " Derwent, below Little Eaton " aforesaid, shall have Power to " scour and cleanse the said Ri-t(ver in such Manner as the said " Proprietors now have a Right " to do, in order to remove any " Obstructions that may arise in the said River, and injure the " said Mills and Works."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the' River Trent, at, or near, Swarkstone Bridge, to and through the Borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a Cut out of the said Canal in, or near, the said Borough, to join the Erewash Canal near Sandiacre, and for making Railways from such Canal to several Collieries in the Parishes or Liberties of Denby, Horsley, and Smalley, all in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Augustus Henry -. dish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Lord George Augustus Henry have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and,

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Iledon and Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year Hull Hoads of the Yteign of his late Majesty King George the Se- coniniit* cond, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the County of York, through the said Town, to Hull, North Bridge, and for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Wyton Holmes, through the Townships of Wyton and to the

Guide Post in Flinton Lane, near Humble ton Moor House, in the same Riding, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Eveping, at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Perrott's Act for vesting the Navigation of the River Avon, in Estate Bill the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, reatL and certain other Estates in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, late the Property of George Perrott,

Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Monies arising thereby to be applied in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as those

directed

656 18° ApriA. 1793.

directed to be sold by this Act are now settled, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 18* die Aprilis;

Anno 33° Georgii III*U Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

Trial of Mr. ryi j-j £ Managers appointed to make good the Hastings. X Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

Boccius Frederick Gottlieb Boccius took the Oaths appointed,

ewom. in Order to his Naturalization.

Petition sig- A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are nifying that thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Notices had Estates in the County of Kent, was presented to the the^^Hca- House, rea^ > Setting forth, That, in pursuance tion for*lCa" Leave granted by the House on the 12th Day of Maidstone March last, Notice of the Application to Parliament and Ashford for a Bill for amending, widening, shoitening, improv-Jtoad Bl11' ing, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wren's Cross, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, through the West or lower Harrielsham Street, by Harrietsham Church, through Lenham and to Barrow Hill in Ashford, in the said County, was given at the last Easter Sessions holden for the Eastern and Western Divisions of the said County, and by Advertisement in the Newspapers called The Kentish Gazette, and The Maidstone Journal, in the Month of March last, and in the present Month of April, in such and the like Manner as is required by the Standing Orders of the House relative to Turnpike Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, shortening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr.

Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

South Kelsey Mr. Cawthorne reported from the Committee, to

and Caistor whom the Petition of the Right honourable Lord Canal Peti- Middleton, and the humble Petition of the several other tion reported. persons> whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Land Owners in the County of Lincoln, w'as referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Anderson being examined, said, That if a Cut or Canal from the River Ancholme, in the Parish of South Kelsey, through the several Parishes

of South Kelsey, North Kelsey, and Nettleton, to, or near to, the Parish of Caistor, was made navigable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, great Benefit and Advantage would arise to the Land Owners,

Merchants, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Towns of Caistor, Market Raisin, and also the Inhabitants of the Tract of Country adjacent to the said Navigable Canal, by facilitating the Carriage of Coals, Com, Wool, ana other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, at less Expence than is now paid for the same by Land Carriage, and also greatly tend to the Increase of Trade and Commerce, and be of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be riven to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Ancholme, in the Parish of South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, into the Parish of Caistor, in the said County: And that Mr. Cawthorne and Sir John Thorold do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Cawthorne reported from the Committee, to Greetham whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure Bill and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other r«Ported-Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Greetham, in the County of Lincoln, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Account of all Timber imported Account of into the Port of Lancaster, and all other Articles im- Timber imported into the said Port from the West Indies, for the [^Port^f last Five Years, distinguishing each Year, be referred Lancaster to the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter and referred to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining ei^ to a Navigable Canal from Kirkby in the KirkbyKen-

" County of Westmorland, to W Houghton, in the dal Canal " County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable ActBranch from the said intended Canal, at or near " Borwick, to or near Warton Cragg, and also another " Navigable Branch from, at, or near, Galemoss, by " Charley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County " Palatine of Lancaster;" and also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near to Glasson Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, is committed.

Mr. John Hamilton presented to the House, accord- Dnnglass ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and 2??* *n<l Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-third Year of Roads the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Bill pre-and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- ^"kd. jesty, for repairing the High Roads from Dunglass Bridge to the Town of Haddington, and from thence to Ravenshaugh Bum, in the County of Haddington, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of the said Roads within the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord

Wirksworth Road Bill reported.

Shipley and West Hallata Canal Bill presented.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for raising a Sum by Annuities, &c.

Halifax, Bradford, Ac. Small Debts Bill

Hadley, South Ben-fleet, &c. Roads Bill.

Leeds Coals Bill.

Marbam Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

18° Aprilis.

65T

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall in JVirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to at, or

near to, a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hul-land JVard, and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post on JVirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at, or near to, a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of JVirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, "which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Collieries at Shipley and West Hallam, in the County of Derby, to the Erewash Canal, in the Parish of Stanton by Dale, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by way of Annuities to be charged on the Consolidated Fund; and for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on British Spirits, and certain Duties on the Amount of Assessed Taxes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, Kighley, Bing-ley, Guisetey, Calverley, Bat ley, Birstal, Mirfield, Har-tisheadcum Clifton, Almondbury, Kirkheaton, -

ton, and Huddersfield, and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Hadley Turnpike Gate to Stifford Bridge, and from a Farm House called Tarpotts to the Town of South Bcnfteet, and from the Pound in the Town of Brentwood to Tilbury Fort, and from Billericay to Horndon on the Hill, and from Stanford Bridge to Purseet, in the County of Essex; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Vol. 48.

Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn, at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near in the County of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of JVarren Hastings, Esquire, on Saturday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock) in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That, an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copy of a Memorial presented, on the 5th Day of April 1793, by the British and Imperial Ministers to The States General.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Shrewsbury and Netherpool Canal Bill, with Amendments

The Lords will proceed on Saturday on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

Address for Copy of Memorial presented by the British and Imperial Ministers to The States General.

The House was moved, That the Resolution which, Minutes of upon Thursday last, was reported from the Select Com- Grimsby mittee, who were appointed to try and determine the Election Merits of the Petition of the Honourable William Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood, Esquire; and also, the Petition of Christopher Clayton, the Reverend William Smelle, and William Bell, Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, on behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followed); viz.

" Resolved, That it appears to this Committee,

" That the Honourable William JVesley Pole was, by " his Agent, guilty of Bribery at the last Election of,

" Members to serve in this present Parliament for the " Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln."

Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the said Select Committee, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill for upon the Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and better Sop-Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on p.lv of Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels, during the present War, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the' Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now' received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the reported, said Committee, the Amendments which the Com-

8 E mittee

Counsel further heard on Bill for preventing Bribery at Stockbridge Election.

Bill committed.

House to adjourn to Saturday.

Carlisle and Scotch Dike Hoad Petition reported.

18® Aprilis.

A. 1793.

mittee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* posed, That the Counsel be now called in;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words "Counsel be now " called in," and inserting the Words " further Hearing " of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till *' day Morning next," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Mr. Edward 1

Eliot, >68.

Mr. Buxton: J

TeHer, for the Noes.p; " },5.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That Counsel be now called in.

The Counsel against the Bill were accordingly called in, and further heard; and examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, against the said Bill, and went through their Evidence.

And then they were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the'Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Pringle reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, adjoining to, or new to, the Highway or Road leading from the City of Carlisle, in the County of Cumberland, to Sark Bridge and Scotch Dike, adjoining, or near to, the Shire of Dumfries, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was referred; That the Committee had examined; and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was l ead; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Bushby being examined, said, That the Road leading from the City of Carlisle, through the Parish of Stanwix, the Hamlet of K and the several Parishes of Rockcliff, Kirklinlon, and Kirkan-

12

drews upon Esk, to Sark Bridge, and the Scotch Dyke, is so ruinous and bad, especially in the Winter Season,. that Travellers and Passengers cannot pass without great Difficulty and Danger, and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Stanwix, in the County of Cumberland, through to

the Scotch Dyke, in the said County, towards Edinburgh, and also the Road leading from Longtawn aforesaid to the Bridge over the River of Sark, in the said County, towards Port Patrick: And that Mr. Pringle and Mr. Pulteney do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trade and Commerce of the Town of Liverpool, and the various Manufactures in its Neighbourhood, have of late Years greatly increased, and were continuing to do so until the Stagnation of Credit, which has lately taken place, both there and in other Parts of the Kingdom, checked the same, and occasioned serious Alarms of further Inconvenience; and that, in the Event of such a Want of Credit being even of a short Duration, the Petitioners have great Reason to apprehend the Town of Liverpool will be greatly injured thereby, and that the Manufacturers and 1'raders throughout the County of Lancaster will feel the Effects of it to a very great Extent, by which the Interests of the Public and of Individuals will be materially affected, and the Estate of the Corporation of Liverpool will be much lessened in its Value; and that this alarming Evil may, the Petitioners conceive, be remedied by Authority being given to the Corporation of the said Town to issue negotiable Notes for different Sums of Money, in the Whole considerably below the Value of their Estates, after making Allowance for their present Debts, the Notes to be payable, with lawful Interest thereon, or otherwise, at a Time to be limited, Provision being made that the Estate of the said Corporation shall be subjected, after paying the existing Debt due by it, to the Discharge of such Notes at the Period at which they shall become payable: With' this View the Petitioners are desirous of laying before the House a precise Statement of their Property, and of the Engagements to which it is liable, in order to enable the House to judge of the Grounds of this Application: And therefore praying the House to take the particular Circumstances of the Case into Consideration, and to give Leave to present a Petition to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable the said Corporation of Liverpool to raise a certain Sum of Money, on the Credit of their Estates, for the Purposes abovementioned, notwithstanding the Time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills is elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council of Liverpool.

Then, a Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Common' Council assembled, was presented to the House, and

read; Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said Corporation of Liverpool to raise a certain Sum of Money on the Credit of their Estates, for the Purposes abovementioned, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall appear meet and expedient.

Ordered,

Petition from the Corporation of Liverpool, for Leave to present a Petition to enable them to raise Money cm the Credit of their. Estates*

Leave given.

Petition from the Corporation of Liverpool.

Sir F. Wood's Petition against Warm field cum Heath ami Barnsley Canal Bill.

Sfffaton and

Silks tone Canal Bill presented*

Stainforth and Keadby Canal Bill presented.

Durnford Inclosure Bill reported.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the odd Lands and that no Person appeared before the Table. Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several A Petition of Sir Francis Wood, Baronet, was pre- Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him. sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the from the River Colder, in the Township of Warmfield Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnsley, and from Amendments were Once read throughout; and then thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Township of Cawthorne, a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

and a Collateral Cut branching out of the said intended severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Canal, at or near Bargh Mill, to, or nearly to, Haigh House.

Bridge, in the Township of Woolley, all in the West Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Riding of the County of York; and Setting forth, That ingrossed. the Petitioner is Owner of an Estate and Lands in the

Township of Barnsley, in which there are divers Seams Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do make the Report from Melton of valuable Coal, and the Line of the said Canal is the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and Mowbray and intended to pass through the said Estate, and Lands of maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the -the Petitioner, in a Direction which will be materially cester and Melton Mowbray Navigation, in the Mill comn,iUed injurious to the said Lands, and the Petitioner may, by Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton , Bill reported,

the said Act, be prevented from winning and working in the County of Leicester, into Cult's Close, in the of Coal within Part of his said Estate, and the winning Parish of Oakham, in the County of Rutland, was re-and working of Coal in other Part thereof may be ren- committed.

dered difficult and inconvenient: And therefore pray- Mr. Pochin accordingly reported from the said Coming,. That he may be heard, by himself, his Counsel, mittee, That the Committee had made several other or Agents, against the said Bill, and that the same may Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed to not pass into a Law, or that he may have such other be reported to the House; and he read the Report Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with meet. the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Report was read.

Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by him- Consideration upon Saturday Morning next, self, his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee,

upon his Petition, if he thinks fit. The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-- Ordered, That the Bill for defining and regulating Bill respect* mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the the Powers of the Commission of Teinds, or Tythes, inge«|>‘mjs-same Time, in Eavour of the said Bill, against the said in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy Petition. of Scotland, be read a Second Time upon Wednesday deferred. '

Morning next.

Mr. Wilberforcepresented to the House, according Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Expiring

to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Laws Bill gable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws deferred* the Township of Swinton, to or near the Town of relating to the Landing Rum or Spirits of the British Barnsley, in the Parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of of the County of York, and certain Collateral Cuts Excise; to the giving further Encouragement to the branching out of the said Canal: And the same was Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies received; and read the First Time. in America; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars, of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to Foreign Parts in Mr. Wilberforce-presented to the House, according Ships, built in Britain, and navigated according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco gable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, at Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar or near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County Colonies or Plantations in the Indies', to the

of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also Irish Linens exported, and taking oft' the Duties on a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, to join the said the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of River Dun, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding: Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and

And the same was received; and read the First Utensils made Use of-in the Iron and Steel Manufac-

Time. tures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of

Resolved, That the BiH be read a Second Time. Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascer-Sir Gilbert Elliot reported from the Committee, to tabling the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; whom the Bill for dividing and allotting certain Open and to revive and continue aq_Act, made in the Twenty -and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Durnford, in the effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee and Cotton in Great Britain.

had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of - Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Brown's Di-

the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ej

complied with; and that the Committee had examined House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from ine the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of true; and that the Parties concerned had given their ' Edward Brown, Esquire, with Susannah Sol/ey, his now Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com- Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other mittee (except the Owner of Oile Acre of odd Lands, Purposes therein mentioned.

who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of VoteofCredit Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consist of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Cl d'f"lred* Twenty-five Yard Lands, and Twenty-one Acres of Majesty to raise the Sunr of One Million Five hundred Vol. 48. Thousand

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

The Lords will proceed on Mr. Hastings s Trial.

Castlethorpe I inclosure bill passed.

Stanwix and Scotch Dyke Road bill presented.

Ulverstone Canal Bill imported.

mO 20° — 22° A. IT93.

Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be received upon Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Saturday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 20® die Aprilis;

Anno 33* Georgii III*1* Regis, 1793. Prayers.

THE Trial of the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being over for this Day;

Mr. Speaker being informed that there was a Message from the Lords, respecting the Time at which the Lords will proceed further in the said Trial, took the Chair, according to the Order of the 1st Day of March last, although there were but Six Members present, and directed the Messengers to be called in,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Halford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morn, ing, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 22* die Aprilis;

Anno 330 Georgii III'" Regis, 1793, Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Buckingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Castlethorpe, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Pringle presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the present Turnpike Road at Stanwix, in the County of Cumberland, through

Longtorcn, to the Scotch Dyke, in the said County, towards Edinburgh, and also the Road leading from Long-town aforesaid, to the Bridge over the River of Sark, in the said County, towards Port Patrick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That Uie Bill be read a Second Time.

Air. Blackburne reported from the Committee to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from a Place called Hill, in the Parish of Ulverstone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to a Place called I Feint End, near the

Town of Ulverstone aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir George Douglas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Freeholders and Heritors of the County of Roxburgh, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table t Where the same was read; and is as followeth; via.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, jfc Member present informed your Committee, That the Road leading from the Town of Selkirk, to in

the County of Roxburgh, and from thence to Cornhill, in the County of Durham, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Cornhill to Berwick upon Tweed, and also the Road from Kelso aforesaid, to the Place where it joihs the Turnpike Road which leads from to Greenlaw, and from Kelso, through Ednam, to Orange Lane, in the Parish of Eccles, in the County of Berwick, and from Ednam to Edenfooi, are in bad Repair, and in many Places dangerous and difficult for the Passage of Carriages; and the Said Roads cannot be effectually widened, repaired, and amended, or the necessary Bridges built, for completing the said Roads, by the Laws now in force.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and widening that Part of the Road leading from Kelso towards the Town of Selkirk, which lies to the Eastward of the Turnpike Road leading from Jedburgh to Lauder, which crosses the River Teviot, near to the Town of Kelso, and the Road leading from Kelso towards Coldstream, to the Place where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Greenlaw to Coldstream, and from Kelso, through Ednam, to Orange Lane, in the Parish of Eccles, in the County of Berwick, and from Ednam to Edenfoot, and from Kelso to Cornhill, in the County of Durham: And that Sir George Douglas and Mr. Pringle do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Air. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Stiff key and Morston, in the County of Norfolk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Parishes of Langham and Mor'ston, in the County of Norfolk, and entitled to certain Rights of Common, and other Rights and Interests within the Parishes of Morston and Langham aforesaid; and also, the Petition of several Merchants and other Inhabitants of the Parish of Blakency, in the County of Norfolk, and of several other Persons,

Selkirk and Kelso Hoods Petition reported.

Stiffkey and Morston In-closure Bill reported.

sons who are Owners of Messuages, Lands, and Tene-, ments, within the said Parish of Blakeney, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, and interested in the Preservation of the Harbour of in the said County,

were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counsel in support of the said Petitions, and had examined . the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at the Annual Value of £. 83. 14$. 10 who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates of the Annual Value of 3, who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Annual Amount of the Property, intended to be divided and allotted, as assessed to the Land Tax, is £. 954. 7 s.6d.and the Annual Value of the Property not assessed to the Land Taxr is £.38. is. 6d.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Milton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open

Bryant In- and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, closure Bill and oth^r Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Pfmed* Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Anderson's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act N»t. Bill for naturalizing Carsten Anderson, was read a Second committed. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at live of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Amendments the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, into Shrews- tituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navi-NeUif'ool {?ble Canal from the River Secern, at Shrewsbury, in Canal Bill the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near

agreed to Netherpool, in the County of Chester,. and also for

making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 69. 1. 37. After " ascertained" insert " Provided always, that such Recompence and Satisfaction shall " be made to Spiritual Persons " by an Annual Rent."

Pr. 183. 1. 33. Leave out from " accordingly" to " And" in Pr. 184. 1. 10.

Pr. 191. In the Ryder inserted after " meet"

in 1. 10. leave out from " proper" in line 26. of the said Ryder, to the End thereof.

Vo l. 48.

661

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lords the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in- Ame dment* tituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Na- and Brem^00 vigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at ford Canal Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to- join the Bill agreed River Thames, at or near Brentford, in the County of toi Middlesex, and also certain Collateral'Cuts from the said intended Canal.

And the said Amendments frere read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 20; 1. 171 Leave out " said," and after " Commissioners" insert "herein after " mentioned."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from Report of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and Melon maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Leicester and Melton Mowbray Navigation, in the Mill 1^aiiajttre_am Close Homestead, in the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in committed the County of Leicester, into Ciitt's Close, in the Pa- Bill further rish of Oakham, in the County of Rutland, was re- ordered, committed, be now taken into further Corisidera- . tion.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to prevent Deviations into Lands, not mentioned in the Plan, without the Consent of the Owners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed td by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Slawston In-Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and closure BlJl other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in con, nutte the Parish of Slawston, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pochin,

Mr. Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

t

The Earl of Couriown reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of Thursday last (that His Majesty would Address, be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Copy of the Memorial, presented on the 5 th Day of April 1793, by the British and Imperial Ministers to The States General, might be laid before the House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

8 F A Bill

A. 1793.

Piercebridge Road Bill committed.

Petition signifying that Notices had been given of the Appll cation for amending liaydon Square, &c. Paving Act.

Islington Burying Ground Bill passed.

<562 22° Aprilis.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering, en- Pr. a7. 1. 39- To leave out from " Act," to larging, and consolidating the Powers, of Two Acts " And," in Pr. 29.1. 26.

of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty- Pr. 33* ! 16. To leave out from " Parish" to seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King " And," in 1. 27.

George the Second, for repairing the High Road from And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Piercebridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House; and Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Tudhoe Lane End, in the same County, was read a Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Second Time. be. An Act for enlarging the Church Yard, or Ceme-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tem- tery, of the Parish Church of pest, Mr. Lambton, &c.: And they are to meet this in the County of Middlesex.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

Chamber. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners for putting in execution an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better . paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Yard,

Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading the reunto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the ries, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in pursuance of Leave granted by the House, on the 25th Day of last,

Notice of the Application to Parliament for a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the better paving, cleansing, lighting,

" and watching Haydon Sqmre, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church " Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court,

" and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading the reunto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise " Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of " Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty's " Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein " mentioned," was given at the last Easter Sessions holden for the County of Middlesex, and by Advertisement in the Newspaper called Public Ledger, in this present Month of April, in such and the like Manner as is required by the Standing Orders of the House relative to Paving Bills: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Church Yard, or Cemetery, of the Parish Church of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of M, and for enabling certain Persons to accept a Conveyance of the Freehold and Inheritance in Fee Simple of a Piece of Copyhold Land, holden of the Manor of Canbury, otherwise Canonbury, in the County of Middlesex, for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 8. After " Trustees" to insert " from " Time to Time, with the Approbation of the Ordinary.

1. 14. After " proper" to insert " and shall " cause a List or Table of such " Fees, being duly confirmed, to " be entered in the Registry of " the said Ordinary.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and "g4*"*1 Cobothers, being Freeholders, Copyholders, Landholders, s„re Bill.°" and Cottagers, residing in the Parish of Cobham, otherwise Coveham, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, Heaths, and Marsh and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Cobham, otherwise Coveham, in the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey; and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that they may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem just and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Bill to and extend the Line of the Hereford and Gloucester Canal presented.

a

Mr. Walwyn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to vary and extend the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable " Canal from the City of Hereford to the City of " Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to " the Town of Newent, in the County of ,"

and to amend the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do make' the Bicester In-Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for closure Bill dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Arable rePorted* Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Township of B

otherwise Bicester-King's-End, in the Parish of Burcester, otherwise Bicester, in the County of Oxford, was committed.

Sir William Dolben accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon 9 the

the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

jlford, War- Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, ngton, &c. to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Mds Bill Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the

sporte. Third, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act,

" made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of " King George the Second, for repairing and widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns " of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to " certain Places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and " Duxbury Slocks, in the County Palatine of Lan-

" caster, for making more effectual Provision for " repairing and widening the said Roads, and also, " for making, altering, and widening the Road from " a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft " Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said " County," and for making more effectual Provision for the Improvement, Repair, and Maintenance, of the said Roads, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Townships of Over Hulton and Middle Hulton, in the County of Lancaster; and also, the Petition of the Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Township of We stHoughton, in the county of ; and

also, the Petition of the Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Township of Higher Worsley, in the County of Lancaster; and also, the Petition of the Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Township of Lower in the County of Lancaster, were severally referred; That no Person appeared in Support of the said Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petitions in A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-fevour of the holders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, In-Biiltoeic- habitants of the Borough and Town of Liverpool, Manchester i*1 County Palatine of Lancaster, desirous of pro-Boiton, and moting Navigation, Commerce, and Agriculture: And Bury Canal, also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Halifax, desirous of promoting Navigation, Commerce, and Agriculture: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Wakefield, desirous of promoting Navigation, Commerce, and Agriculture; And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, desirous of promoting Navigation, Commerce, and Agriculture:

And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Bolton, desirous of promoting Navigation, Commerce, and Agriculture: And also,

Voiu 48.

A Petition of the Gentlemen* Clergy, and Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Rochdale, desirous of promoting Navigation, Commerce, and Agriculture: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Blackbume, desirous of promoting Navigation, Commerce, and Agriculture:

And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Bury, desirous of promoting Navigation, Commerce, and Agriculture: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, desirous of promoting Navigation,

Commerce, and Agriculture: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, desirous of promoting Navigation, Commerce,.and Agriculture: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Merchants, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the Town of Bolton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, desirous of promoting Navigation, Commerce, and Agriculture;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making for a Bill for extending, cutting, and making the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, in the County aforesaid, Navigable from Bury aforesaid, by Rochdale and Littleborough, in the County of Lancaster, under Blackstone Edge, to, or near to, a certain Place called Sowerby Bridge, in the County of York, and also from Bolton aforesaid, to, or near to, a certain Place, in the said County of Lancaster, called Red Moss: And praying, That the said Bill may be passed into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Bay, for the Second Bill to ex- -Reading of* the Bill for making and maintaining a jf.nd l?e Navigable Canal from the Manchester, Bolton, and Bokon^and' Bury Canal, now making at, or nearly at, a Place Bury Canal, called Hinde's Mill, in the Parish of Bury, in the Put off for County Palatine of Lancaster, to, and into, the Colder 3 Month*‘ Navigation, at or near to Sowerby , in the Parish of Half ax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and also another Navigable Canal from the said Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal, at Bolton, to a Place at, or near to, Red Moss, in the Township of Blackrod, in the said County of Lancaster, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {JJj; nem j 65.

Tellers for he Noes, } 80.

So it passed in the Negative.

And

664

.22° Apiilis.

A. 1793.

Minutes of

Grimsby

Election

Committee

presented.

Vagabonds, &c. Bill deferred.

And the Question being pht, That the Words " upon this Day Three Months," be added at the End of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Three Months.

' The Lord Arden presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

The Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of the Honourable William Wesley Pole, and Robert Wood, Esquire;

and also the Petition of Christopher Clayton, the Reverend William Smelle, and William Bell,. Electors of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln, on behalf of themselves and many other Electors of the said Borough, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said Minutes were read.

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the stud Minutes be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to amend, and make more effectual, the Laws " relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and " disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction," was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Copy of a Memorial presented by his Excellency Lord Auckland, and the Count de to their

High Mightinesses The States General, at the Hague, upon the 5th of April 1793; and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations are as followeth; viz.

TRANSLATION of a Note delivered to the Right honourable Lord Grenville, One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by the Ministers of the Emperor, and the King of Naples, on the 20th September 1792.

The Undersigned Envoys Extraordinary and Ministers Plenipotentiary of his Imperial Royal Apostolick Majesty, and of His Majesty the King of the T100 Sicilies, in consequence of the Ties of Blood, and of Friendship, by which their Sovereigns are attached to the King and Queen of France, have the Honour to address themselves to Lord Grenville, to represent to him the imminent Danger which threatens the Lives of their most Christian Majesties and their Royal Family; and the Fear, but too well grounded, that the Atrocities which the Factious in France commit against those august Persons, will have no other Bounds than the greatest of all Crimes: They are authorized to express to his Excellency, the Wish of their respective Courts, that His Britannick Majesty, in case so horrible an Act should take place, would be pleased not to permit any Residence, or grant any Protection or Asylum to any Person who should be concerned therein in any Manner whatever.

(Signed)

Stadion,

London, this 20th of Castelcicala.

September 1792.

Bill for better Supply of Mariners and Seamen passed.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels, during the present War, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships and other Trading Ships and Vessels, during the present War.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Note delivered to Lord Grenville by the Ministers of the Emperor, &c. with the Answer and Letter, &c. from Lord Auckland to The States General,&c. presented

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the.House, by His Majesty's Command,

Copy of a Note delivered to the Right honourable Lord Grenville, One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, by the Ministers of the Emperor, and the King of Naples, on the 20th September 1792; and of the Answer returned thereto; and Translations: And also.

Copy of a Letter from his Excellency Lord Auckland, His Majesty's Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary at the Hague, to the Greffierof their High Mightinesses The Slates General, dated the 24th

Day of September 1792; and Translation: And also, Copy of the Extract of the Resolutions of their High Mightinesses The States General, of the 25th of September 1792; and Translation.

Mr. Secretary Dundas also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

ANSWER.

The Undersigned Secretary of State of the King, in Answer to the Official Note, dated Yesterday, which he received from the Count de Stadion and the Prince of Castelcicala, Ministers Plenipotentiary and Envoys Extraordinary from Jj*s Imperial Royal Apostolick Majesty, and from His Sicilian Majesty, has the Honour to renew to those Ministers the Assurance of the sincere Interest which the King has always taken in every thing which relates personally to their Most Christian Majesties, and which could not fail to be increased by the unfortunate Circumstances of the Situation in which their Majesties are actually placed.

It is His Majesty's most ardent Wish, that the Fears expressed in the Note of the Count de Stadion and the Prince de Castelcicala, may not be realized; but should the contrary Case unfortunately happen, His Majesty would not fail' to take the most effectual Measures in order to prevent the Persons who should have rendered themselves guilty of so atrocious a Crime from finding any Asylum in the Dominions of His Majesty. The King takes a Pleasure in formally

S'ving, to Sovereigns so closely united to their Most.

hristian* Majesties and to their Royal Family, by the Ties of Blood, this Assurance, which His Majesty considers in no other Light than as an immediate and necessary Consequence of those Principles and Senti-. ments which have ever guided His Conduct

(Signed)

Whitehall, September 21st 1792.

Grenville.

mid 1

665

TRANSLATION of a Letter from his Excellency Lord Auckland, His Majesty's Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary at the Hague, to the Greffier of their High Mightinesses The States General, dated the 24th Day of September 1792.

Hague, 24th September 1792.

I have the Honour, Sir, to acquaint you, that in consequence of a Conference which Lord Grenville has had with the Ministers of their Majesties the Emperor, and the King of the Two Sicilies, those Ministers transmitted the Note, and received the Answer, of which Copies are subjoined. I am ordered to request of you to lay these Two Papers before their High Mightinesses without Delay: They will see, no Doubt, with fresh Satisfaction, the sincere Desire which His Majesty has to employ every Method compatible with His Dignity, and with the Principles by which His Conduct is invariably directed, for the Purpose of contributing to the Safety and Welfare of their Most Christian Majesties.

I have the Honour to be,

With the greatest Consideration,

Sir,

Your most humble and

Most obedient Servant, (Signed) Auckland.

To the Greffier Fa gel.

TRANSLATION of the Extract of the Resolutions of their High Mightinesses the States General of The United Provinces of the Low Countries.

Tuesday, 2.5th September 1792. Having heard the Report of Messieurs J. C. N. de Lynden, and other Deputies of their High Mightinesses for Foreign Affairs, who, in Conformity to the Com-nmsorial Resolution of Yesterday have examined,

1st, The Proposition of the Greffier Fagel, stating that he had just received a Letter from Lord Auckland, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary from His Majesty the King of Great Britain, written at the Hague the same Day, in which were inclosed Copies of a Note delivered to Lord Grenville by the Ministers of their Majesties the Emperor, and the King of the Two Sicilies, and of the Answer to that Note; both those Papers having for their Object the granting no Asylum whatever, in the Dominions of His said Majesty, to those who shall render themselves guilty of the greatest of Crimes towards their Most Christian Majesties and their Royal Family; the said Lord Auckland having received Orders to desire the Greffier to make a Communication of those Papers to their High Mightinesses.

2dly. Also, in Conformity to the said Commissorial Resolution of Yesterday, a Letter from Monsieur de Nagell, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary from their High Mightinesses at the Court of His Majesty the King of Great Britain, written at London the 21 st of the present Month, and addressed to the Greffier Fagel, in which were likewise inclosed Copies of the above-mentioned Papers which had been communicated to him by Lord Grenville.

3dly. Finally, and in Conformity to the Commissorial Resolution of their High Mightinesses of this Day, the verbal Note from the Count de Stahremberg, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary from his Majesty the Emperor, in which he desires their High Mightinesses would be pleased to declare that in case so horrible an Act should be committed they would not permit any Residence, or grant any Protection or Asylum, to any Person who should be concerned therein in any Manner whatever. Whereupon, having deliberated, it has been thought proper Vol. 48.

and decreed, that the Greffier Fagel shall express to Lord Auckland the Thanks of their High Mightinesses fop the aforesaid Communication, made in the Name of the Ministry of His said Majesty.

Moreover it has been resolved, conformably to the said Request made by the Count de Stahremberg, and to the Answer of Lord Grenville to the Ministers of their Majesties ttie Emperor, and the King of the Two Sicilies, to declare, by these Presents, that no Asylum shall be granted, neither in the Country of the Generality, nor in the Colonies of the State, whether in the East or West Indies, to those who might have rendered themselves guilty of the greatest of Crimes towards the Persons of their Most Christian Majesties, or of their Royal Family. In consequence the necessary Orders shall be expedited to the Bailiffs of the different Cities within the District of the Generality, strictly to conform themselves to the above-mentioned Intentions of their High Mightinesses, with Injunction that, if contrary to all Hope, Attempts should be made on the Lives of their Most Christian Majesties, or of their Royal Family, they may take every possible Precaution for preventing the Authors of so atrocious a Crime, and those also who might have been in any Way concerned in it, in the Case of their seeking an Asylum in any Place within the Jurisdiction of the Generality, from being received therein, but, on the contrary, for their being immediately driven from the said Cities and Places.

Letters, moreover, shall be addressed on the Part of their High Mightinesses to the States of the respective Provinces, to desire them to adopt similar Measures in their respective Provinces, for effectually preventing any Asylum being granted in any Part of the Republic to those who might have committed, or have been concerned in so detestable a Crime.

Extract of the present Resolution of their High Mightinesses shall be communicated by the Greffier Fagel to Lord Auckland, and a similar Extract delivered by the Agent Van Hees to the Count de Stahremberg, in answer to the above-mentioned verbal Note.

Note to Lord Grenville from the King of Naples, &c.; and Lord Auckland's Letter to the States General, Ac*

TRANSLATION of a Memorial presented by his Excellency Lord Auckland, and the Count de Stahremberg, to their High Mightinesses The States General, at the Hague, upon the 5th of April 1793.

High and Mighty Lords,

It is known that towards the End of the Month of September, in the last Year, His Britannick Majesty and your High Mightinesses gave, in Concert, a solemn Assurance that in case the imminent Danger which then threatened the laves of their Most Christian Majesties, and their Family, should be realized, His Majesty and your High Mightinesses would not fail to take the most effectual Measures for preventing the Persons who might render themselves guilty of so atrocious a Crime, from finding any Asylum in their respective Dominions.

This Event, which was Ayith Horror foreseen, has taken place, and the Divine Vengeance seems not to have been tardy. Some of these detestable Regicides are already in the Case of being liable to be subjected to the Sword of the Law. The rest are still in the midst of the Nation whom they have plunged into an Abyss of Evils, and for whom Famine, Anarchy, and Civil War are preparing new Calamities. In short, every Thing that we see happen concurs in inducing us to consider, as not far distant, the End of those unhappy Persons whose Madness and Atrocities have filled with Terror and Indignation all those who still respect the Principles of Religion, Morality, and Humanity.

The Undersigned, therefore, submit to the enlightened Judgment and Wisdom of your High

8 G Mightinesses,

Bill to enable the Common Council of Liverpool to issue Negotiable Notes ordered.

Bill for Encouragement of Seamen ordered.

Committee on Bill respecting Corps of Fencible Men, &c»

Vote of Credit Bill deferred.

22° Aprilis.

A. 1793.

Mightinesses, whether it would not be proper to employ all the Means in your Power to prohibit from entering your Dominions in , or your Colonies,

all those Members of the Assembly styling itself the National Convention, or of the pretended Executive Council, who were directly or indirectly concerned in the said Crime; and if they should be discovered and arrested to deliver them up to Justice, thwKthey may serve as a Lesson and Example to Mankind.

Done at the Hague, the 5th of April 1793.

Auckland.

' Louis G. de

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- Bill to coo. ing to Order, a Bill for further continuing and amend- tm««Actk ing an Act, made in the Niuth Year of the Reign of SeMiuSS-his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, tureofSail " An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Cloth preManufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more 5entt(leffectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom:"

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ioj

H'

to

PI*

to

00

tie

11a

Ski

toi

Pif

Co.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 15th Day of this Instant April, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Clayton Tarleton, Esquire, Mayor, John Greenwood, Bailiff, William Crosbie the Younger, George Case, Thomas Earle, and John Blackburne, Aldermen, and Richard Stotham, and Thomas Naylor, all Members of the Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Common Council of the said Town, was referred, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Common Council assembled, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on Behalf and Account of the Corporation of the said Town, to issue Negotiable Notes, for a Time to be limited, and to a limited Amount: And that Mr. Gascoyne, Mr. John Tarleton, Mr. Blackburne, and Mr. Thomas Stanley, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given Dr. Hunting, to the Reverend Doctor Huntingford, Warden of Saint fordlluDtt(l-Mary's, College, Winchester, for the Sermon by him preached upon Fridey last, before this House, at Saint Margarets, Westminster;and that he be desired to

print the same: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Lord Apsley do acquaint him therewith.

The House was moved, That an Act, passed in the Motion for Parliament of Scotland in the Sth and 9th Session ®^rdi,t' of the First Parliament of King William, intituled, Catholics " An Act for preventing the Growth of Popery," from certain might be read. Penalties, to

And the same was read accordingly. kaCom"

And a Motion being made, That Leave be given mitte». to bring in a Bill to relieve Persons, professing the Roman Catholic Religion, from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by certain Acts of the 1

Scots Parliament, particularly by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third;

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

oi

and

Mi

sed

M*

the

H*

in

R*

M

in

G

u a u <( a

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy: And that Sir William Scott, the Lord Arden, the Lord Hood, Mr. Stephens, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to establish certain Regulations respecting Officers serving in several Corps of Fencible Men, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain other Corps which may be directed to be raised in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Oi'dered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom- Butin on ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Joblcc°!V to consider of the Duties on Tobacco.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies; and for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reig n, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty, in the West Indies, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South America, and so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, into Now Scotia, or New Brunswick, from any Country belonging to the United States of America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved,

U

it

(I

1

ii

t

1

&, ..

*fifS Expir.ng

-ed i. Laws Bill

M

‘CCOnj.; WietiijA

«a tf; kbt:

M:

b

-3

r

33 Geo. III. 22° A prills.

667

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies', to the wanting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of 'Fools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

Ham Cooper, Charles Blunden, John Woodley, Robert Gatehouse, William Tonge, John Hulbert, Senior, Charles Salter, John Pitber, Job Darn John Boscall, William Tibbie, Hugh Goddard, Edward Bartley, Hugh Cooper, John Saunders, John Edmonds, James Thomas Haines, John Elton, James Elton, Josiah James,

Joseph Coles, John Arlett, William Haines, George Sainsbury, Edward Wigg, William Spencer, William Stacey, William Halbert, Samuel Cole, William Hayter,

George Reekes, Solomon Bedford, Thomas Miller, John Brirey, and John Tuttle, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight, the 6th Day of May next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising e the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

'-r.

r': Bill for Eq- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Vwongement the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies: -offriendly And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Wilberforce, and Mr. Thomas tnferei ' Stanley, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

' Day appoint-td for 3d 2 leading of Salford, War-jington, &c. Hoads Bill.

r

'K

jr, .

n

Ordered, That the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repealing " an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the " Reign of King George the Second, lor repairing and " widening certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, " and to -certain Places called The Broad Oak in " Worsley, and Dua bury Stocks, in the County Palatine " of Lancaster, for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, and also, " for making, altering, and widening the Road from a " Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agccroft " Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, u over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, in the said " County," and for making more effectual Provision for the Improvement, Repair, and Maintenance, of the said Roads, be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

frown's T Divorce Bill leferrod.

d

it?*

V

ito

be

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Brawn, Esquire, with Susannah Solley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

f Bill to inca- Mr. Sahisbury presented to the House, according to f pwiutecer- Order, a Bill to incapacitate William John,

' j 2 E1^ctors William Horner, James Cooper, William Eles, William bndgTpre- Thomas, Thomas Hamer, John Hulbert, John Hulbert,

gatedL Senior, James Gornal, George Thomas Major,

John Abbot, Thomas William Beaumont,

John Goddard, John Bern, Senior, Joseph Nicholas, Benjamin Rogers, Charles Stanbridge, Thomas Cooper, John Elton, Senior, William Elton, Richard Geary,

John Ventham, William Briant, Edward Hayter, Wil-

Vol. 48.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Counsel Reading of the Bill for ascertaining the Composition hea*'<* 011 , Se‘ to be paid for the Tv the of Hops planted in Fields in oFFarnham8 the Parish of Farnham, in the County of Surrey, be Hop Tythe now read. Bill.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of Henry Halsey, of Henly Park, in the County of Surrey, Esquire, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard.

And the Counsel for the Bill were also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

45*

6.

Lord William sell,

Mr. William Clement Finch:

Mr. Serjeant Watson,

Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ftirnham Hop Tythe Bill committed.

A Petition of Thomas Richard Beaumont, Esquire, Mr. Beau-was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, mom's Peti-That the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Bill Warnffield* is depending for making and maintaining a Navigable cum Heath Canal from the River Colder, in the Township of and Barnsley Warmfield cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnsley, Canal Bill, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Township of Cawthorne, and a Collateral Cut branching out of the said intended Canal at or near Mill, to,

or nearly to, Haigh Bridge, in the Township of Woolley, all in the West Riding in the County of York ', and that the Petitioner is Owner of an Estate and Lands in the said West Riding, in which there are divers

Seams

Petition from Barnsley against 'Warm field cum Heath and Barnsley Canal Bill.

22° Apri

A. 1793.

Seams of valuable Coal, and the Line of the said Canal is intended to pass through the said Estate and Lands of the Petitioner, in a Direction which will be materially injurious to the said Lands, and the Petitioner may, by the said Act, be prevented from winning and working of Coal within Part of his said Estate, and the winning and working of Coal in other Part thereof, may be rendered difficult and inconvenient: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, against the said

thence to Bamby Bridge, in the Township of C'awthorne, and a Collateral Cut branching out of the said intended Canal at or near Barugh Mill, to, or nearly to, Haigh Bridge, in the Township of Woolley, all in the West Riding of the County of York, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-

Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or mittee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at

that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, within the Town and Neighbourhood of Barnsley, in the West Riding of the County of York, on Behalf of themselves and of several other Owners of Lands, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, within the said Town and Neighbourhood, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Two Petitions have been presented to the House, the one for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut in the Township of Swinton, in the Parish of Walk, in the said Riding, to or near Silkstone, with a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, in the Township of Worsbrough, to unite, in the Township of Barnsley, with an intended Canal from the River Colder, near Wakefield, to Ilaigh Bridge and Barnby Bridge, and also another Collateral Cut from the said first-mentioned Canal, in the Township of Wombivdl, to a certain Close belonging to Earl FitzuiUiam, called Cob Car lag, in the Township of Hoyland, all in the said Riding, and the other of the said Petitions for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Canal from the River Colder, in the Township of Warmjidd cum Heath, to or near the Township of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, and by one other Cut, branching out of the said Canal, near Barugh Mill, and ending at or near Haigh Bridge, all in the said West Riding; and that many of the Petitioners are Owners of Lands upon the Line through which the said intended Canals are intended to be cut, which, if carried into Effect, will greatly prejudice their Estates; and that the Petitioners are informed, and believe, that an Application is intended to be made, in the next Session of Parliament, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal, to branch from the Colder and Htbble Navigation, at or near Hartley Bank and Horbury Mill Pasture, opposite the

the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Redness^ whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Swineflcet are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands and J)n'c^^anil Estates in the Townships of Redness and Smnejleet, in petition^ the Parish of Whitgift, in the West Riding of the ported. County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Drainage and Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

oN

r$(

' J

fcc

Act

Cte

S*

all

Sc

Ike

Sat

ina

be

pr

all

c

A

Where the same was read; and is as

in

Clerk s Table followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Spofforth being examined, said, That there are within the said Townships, divers Parcels of Moor Lands, which are subject to be Overflowed or otherwise annoyed with Water, and the Lands of the Proprietors lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and in their present Situation are almost wholly unprofitable to the Proprietors thereof; but if the same were drained, divided, and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to all the Parties interested therein.

Ordered, That Leave he given to bring in a Bill for draining, dividing, inclosing, and improving all the Moor Lands in the Townships of Redness and Sxcinefleet, in the Parish of Whitgift, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. JVII-bcrforcc and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Stainfonh Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, at or near and Keadby Stain forth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or

Town of Horbury, in the West Riding of the County near in the County of , and also a Col-

of York, and, passing through the Township of Barnsley, to join the Dun Navigation at or near Conisbrough, in the said West Riding, which, if carried into Effect, will unite all the Advantages which can possibly attend the Two Canals proposed to be made by the before-mentioned Petitions, and at the same Time will open a much shorter, and more direct and immediate, Communication between the Counties of Lincoln and Lancaster, and will pass through Lands of much less Value, and be attended with much less Expence: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said intended Bills, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the House will grant them such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Cakler, in the Township of cum Heath,

to or near the Town of Barnsley, and from

lateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dun, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. berforcc, Mr. Duncombe, Sic.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Swintonaa) Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in the Silkstone Township of Swi?ilon, to or near the Town of Barnesley, in the Parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding of the County of York, and certain Collateral Cuts branching out of the said Canal, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. IVII-berforce, Mr. Duncombe, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for making and maintaining a commodious Bawtrrm Carriage Road from the Town of Baxvtry to the Town

of

Bill committed.

Stafford and Uttoxeter Hoads Bill

passed.

Perrott's Estate Bill committed.

Maidstone and Ashford Road Bill ordered.

669

of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ber force, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, diverting, and improving the Road from Stafford to Church Bridge, and also the Road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, all in the County of Stafford, and also the Road from Stafford to Neuport, in the County of Salop, was read

the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for exempting Lord Fen'ers, and his Tenants, lrom Payment of Toll at certain Gates erected between the River Blythe and the Road from Sandon to JVolseley Bridge.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, diverting, and improving the Road from Stafford to Church Bridge, and also the Road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, all in the County of Stafford, and also the Road from Stafford to Neuport, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Monckton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Navigation of the River Avon, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, and certain other Estates in the Counties of Worcester anti Waruick, late the Property of Esquire,

deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Monies arising thereby to be applied in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as those directed to be sold by this Act are now settled, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wigley, Mr. Gilbert, &c,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Edward Knatchbidl reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Jemmett and Mr. Stephen Lamprey, produced to your Committee, Copies of Notices affixed on the Session House Doors, at the last Easier Sessions holden for the Eastern and Western Divisions of the County of Kent, of the Application to Parliament for a Bill for amending, widening, shortening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road from Wrens Cross, in the Town of Maidstone, through the Wqst or Lower Har-rietsham Street, by Harrietsham Church, through Lenham

and Charing, to Barrow Hill in Ashford, all in the County of Kent.

Then Three Newspapers, called The Maidstone Journal, of the 19th and 26th Days of March last, and the 2d Day of this Instant April; and also Three Newspapers, called The Kentish Gazette, of the 22d Day of March, and the 2d and 5th Days of this Instant April, were produced to your Committee, likewise containing Notices of the Application for repairing the said Roads Vol. 48.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 12th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the County of Kent, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, shortening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrens Cross, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, through the West or Lower Harrietsham Street, by Harrietsham Church, and through Lenham and Charing, to Barrow Hill in Ashford, in the said County: And that Sir Knatchbuil and Mr. Honywood do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. HippisleyCoxe do make the Report St.Cuthbert's from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, Inclosure Bill inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or reP°rted-Waste Lands, lying and being within the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in Wells, in the County of Somerset, was

committed.

Mr. Hippisley Coxe accordingly reported from the said *

Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 33 Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill, and also, except the Owners of 34 Common Rights, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and also, except the Owners of 8 Common Rights, who could not be met with; and that there are in the Whole 366 Common Rights); and that the Committee had gone though the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Bill to enable Order, a Bill to enable the Common Council of the Town the Common of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on Behalf and LiverpooTto Account of the Corporation of the said Town, to issue jssue Neuoti-Negotiable Notes, for a Time to be limited, and to a able Notes limited Amount: And the same was received; and read presented, the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the stud Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Willoughby Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open on the Would* Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parish of presented8' Willoughby on the Woulds, in the County of Nottingham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition River Trent Navigation, was presented to the House, agaa** Derand read; Setting forth, That, in pursuance of an Act, i/^CanalT passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His Bill, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for improving

8 H " the

5

Aldsworth Inclosure Bill

passed.

W irksworth Hoad Bill passed.

670 22° — 23° Aprilis. A. 1793.

" the Navigation of the River Trent from a Place " called Wxlden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and " Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the " County of Lincoln, and for impowering Persons navigating Vessels thereon, to hale the same with " Horses, " the Petitioners have Expended very considerable Sums of Money in removing Obstructions, and in making the Navigation of the said River safe and convenient, and in making Haling Paths on the Side thereof; and taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Town of Derby to the Trent and Mersey Canal at or near Shardlmo, in the County of Derby, and from the said Canal to the Nottingham Canal near to the Town of Nottingham; and alledging, that the Petitioners now receive a considerable Sum of Money from the Tolls arising from the said Navigation more than what is necessary to discharge the Interest of the Money borrowed by virtue of the said Act, the Surplus whereof has been, from Time to Time, expended upon the N avigation of the said River, so as to have greatly improved the same; and that Part of the Line of the said intended Canal being proposed to be cut near, and parallel to, the said River Trent, will be highly injurious and detrimental to the Interests of the Petitioners, in depriving them of Part of the Tolls of the said River, and preventing the Petitioners from the further Improvement of the said Navigation, agreeable to their Intentions, without affording, as they conceive, any real and substantial Advantage to the Public which may' not be derived from the present Navigation: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, against such Part or Parts of the said Bill as may affect their Interests, or may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered \That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common fields, frowns, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Aldsworth, in the County of Gloucester, was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Aldsworth, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 23* die

Anno 33* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1793. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall in to the

Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Brassitigton, at, or near to, a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Holland Ward, and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at, or hear to, a Place called The Steeple House, in the Tow nship of WirkAvorth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Brassington, at, or near to, a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Hulland Ward, and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at, or npar to, a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, St. George's to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Road Street Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Houses and Ground situate in a certain Place called ordered. Holland's Leagure, and in that Part of the Upper Groutul Street which lies on the East Side of George's, of the High Road leading from Blackfriars Bridge to tli

Obelisk, in Saint George's Fields, in the Parish of -church, in the County of Surrey, was referred; Thai the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Samuel Welchman produced to your Committee Three Newspapers, called The Gazetteer, of the 11th 13th, and 16th of this Instant and The Saint

James's Chronicle of the 13th Instant, wherein Notices of an Application to Parliament for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a new Street from Saint George's Road, in the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, through Hollands Leagure, into and across the Green Wilk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the said Street, and for discontinuing, as a Public Highway, Part of a Street called the Upper Ground Street, in the said Parish, were inserted, agreeable to the Leave granted by the House on the 9th Instant — And being examined, he said, That, agreeable to the said Leave of the House, the like Notice of Application was by him affixed upon the Door of the Sessions House at Reigate, at the Time of the last Easter Quarter Sessions.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 9th Day of this Instant April, was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the several Persons, w'hose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Houses and Ground situate in a certain Place called Hollands Leagure, and in that Part of the Upper Ground Street which lies on the East Side of Saint George's, or the High Road leading from Black friars Bridge, to the Obelisk, in George's Fields, in the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a new Street from Saint George's Road, in the Parish of Christchurch, in the County Of Surrey, through

Hollands Leagure, into and across the Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and re-

fulating the said Street; and for discontinuing, as a 'ublic Highway, Part of a Street called Die Upper Ground Street, in the said Parish: And that Lord William Russell and Mr. William Clement Finch do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing Day*ppoint-the several Commons, Heaths, and Marsh and Waste e,t Lands, within the Manor of Cobham, otherwise in.

ham, in the Parish of Cobham, in the County of ciMOrtBiU.

be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

* An

'A Jar in,:

Mi

Tu

w

I the

i j

be,

lie

the

wid

in

Roi

Bn

Gr<

C01

Bil

n

la

Ai

Ci

in

to

' C E

eti to B i in tw eti tin sai

Ai . Ci

A

M

oi

H

a

c

ft

<95.

33 Geo. III.

23° Apr

671

Cardington and Barford Bridge Road

5$

T

An ingrossed Bill for (Continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of ail Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike Road between 1Iitchami Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for continuing a Road from thence to the Great Northern Road, near Tcmsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone,

County, was Committed; and to whom the Petition of several Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands and Estatek in the Counties of Monmouth and Hereford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and fodnd the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several' Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-

in the Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike upon, were agreed to by the House.

T> J L f 7*J _ ' J Tl „ JF.u J A. H . J Y)rFhof ika dill until 4-1 %

Road between tiitchin and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for continuing a Road from thence to the Great Northern Road, near Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread, Senior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Boccius'sNut. Bill committed.

A Bill for naturalizing Frederick Gottlieb was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ley, Mr. Baker, Sic.:And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Pr. i. 1. 22.

regu-

are as

Pr.

Worcester and Droitwich Roads Bill committed.

Dtmglass Bridge and Haddington, &c.ItoadsBi! committed.

Tickhowell loads Bill ported.

A Bill for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the City of Worcester, to Spadesbourne Bridge, and from a Place called The Chapel on the Bridge, in the Borough of to

Bradley Brook, and from Woolmore Green to the

cester Turnpike Road at Park Hall, and from to Holt Fleet, and from a Place called Bridge to Loro Hill, and from the Bottom of Red Hill, in the Parish of Claines, into the Turnpike Road between Worcester and Ombersley, in the County of Worcester, and certain Lanes and Streets within or near to the City of Worcester and Borough of aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wig-ley, Sir John Rushout, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing tire High Roads from Dutiglass Bridge to the Town of Haddington, and from thence to Ravenshaugh Burn, in the County of Haddington, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of the said Roads within the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Hamilton, Sir John Sinclair, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Walzoyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and altering, the Roads leading from Crickhowell, in the County of Brecon, to the

Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross, and from a Place called The Lower Cross Ways, in the Parish of Saint Maughans, to the Town of Grossmount, in the County of Monmouth, and from a Smith's Shop at Stanton, in the Parish of Llanvihangell, to Chapel a Fine, in the same County, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of Hereford, to Ponttanast, in the Parish of Cluddock, in the said Vol. 48.

1. i.

1.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lords Amend-the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- menu to tuled, An Act to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His for 3 Months, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further " lating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers."

And the said Amendments were read; and followeth; viz.

After " Time," insert except as " herein is excepted."

Leave out " Fourteen Years," and insert " One Year."

After " Parliament," insert " Provided always, And it is hereby further Enacted, That so " much of the said Act as directs, that no Fee or Gratuity " whatsoever shall be had, taken,

" or received by any Justice of " the Peace, or his Clerk, or by " any Person whomsoever, for " any Summons or Warrant, or " other Proceedings whatsoever,

" to be granted or made by any " Justice or Justices of the Peace,

" iu pursuance of the said Act,

" shall be, and the same is hereby repealed."

In the Title of the Bill,

Line 5. After " Pawnbrokers," insert " except as to so much of the said " Act as herein is excepted."

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 9th Day of March 1692, of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom it vvas referred to prepare Reasons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to the Amendments made by the Lords to the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act to enable their Majesties to make Grants, Leases, and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of their Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for Confirmation of Leases and Grants already made, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Pawnbrokers Bill ordered

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, and amend, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-.

.tuled, " An Act for further regulating the Trade or " Business of Pawnbrokers:" And that Mr. Anstruther and Mr. Alderman Curtis do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Lord*

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Amendments the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Powers of, and ren- Bin 8g«ed

dering to.

23° Aprilis.

A. 1793.

dering more effectual, an Act, made in the Twenty- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Cambridge eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Act for repairing the Roads from the Town of intituled, "An Act for re-building the Parish Church bridto a Place called Long , and from the said '

" of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, and for Town of Cambridge to Royston, in the Counties of " enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish." Cambridge and Essex; without any Amendment: And

And the said Amendments were read; and are as also, followeth; viz. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Stoke Lyn<

Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com

Pr. 6.

Leave out " it shall and " lawful to and for."

may be

1. 6.

L 8. 1. 10.

L 22.

After " being," insert " shall give;" and leave out " after," and also leave out " given."

Leave out " Tombstones and " Graves."

After " Refusal," insert " or Neglect."

Leave out " be so," and insert "have been;" and leave out from " given," to " the," in line 20, and insert " it shall and may be " lawful for."

Leave out from "being," to "And," in line 29. and insert, " to sell and dispose of such Vaults for

and Fewcuu

mon Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, g"[Murt Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Stoke Lyne and Fewcott, in the Parish of Stoke Lyric, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to pre-more effectually to prevent, during the present War veotTn;:*. between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Cor- out^orrt' respondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to,

His Majesty's Enemies; with some Amendments; to menu, which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

" or repairing " Church."

the said

O

Parish

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allot- St. Cmb-ting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying bert's Jllfluthe best Price that can be got, and being within the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in " and to apply the Money arising Wells, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third F " therefrom towards re-building Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being within the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in , in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Sir John Trevelyan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

r

it

ai

te

in

5

su

in

1;

ar

h

H

Q

b<

ii

S

si

SI

tl

t

t

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Morshead do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The Lords "have agreed to

Sleaford and T attershall Roads Bill.

and

An

and

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,

Act for widening, turning, altering, repairing, maintaining the Road leading from the East Side of the Market Place in New Sleaford, to and through the Town of Alnwick, in the County of Lincoln, and for making public the Drove Road from the said Town of Anwick to Kyme Praic Grounds, and for making a

Road from thence to join the present Road near Noi'th Kyme Town, and for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maiutaining the Road leading from thence

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and allotting certain DotM Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Com- InclwirtBl j monable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Pa"e<1' ford, in the County of Wilts, was read the Third x Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and; Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Durnford, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Elliot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Coucurrence.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to Blything whom the Bill for amending an Act, made in the Poor Bill

through the said Town of North Kyme, near Billinghay Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, rePortt<1>

Tk _I_4.I_____D!_____TIT:i L________I _ 1_1.1__T»____1 f____ tt A a r__ ,1 1 T» 1 r 1 .

Dales, to the River With and also the Road from the opposite Shore of the said River to the Town of Tattershall, in the said County of Lincoln, and for building a Bridge over the Witham, at, or near to, Tattershall Ferry; without any Amendment: And also,

Little Bar* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ford Inclosure for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Township, Liberty, and Precincts of Little Barford, otherwise Barford Saint John, in the Parish of Adder-bury, in the County of Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

.Southampton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Church Bill, for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints, within the " Town and County of the Town of Southampton, and

An Act for the better Relief and Employment of " the Poor in the Hundred of Blything, in the County " of Suffolkand for granting some further Powers

" and Provisions for carrying the same more effectually into Execution, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

______ . _ _______________ r- ,__________ A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names P«itk»s

for purchasing Land for the Purpose of a Church are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders and Bur- nifyme " Yard for the Use of the said Parish;" without any gesses of the County and Royal Burgh of Inverness, Amendment: And also, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth,

That

Paving and

improving

luveruesj.

OVstnn Inclo^ sure Bill teporied*

Anderson's Nat. Bill re* ported, and passed.

673

That, in pursuance of Leave grahted by the House on the 21st Day of March last, Notice, that, in the Bill applied for, for making and repairing Highways and Bridges within the Shire of Inverness, Provision is intended to be made for lighting, paving, and improving, the Streets of the Royal Burgh of , was given by Advertisement in the Newspaper called The Aberdeen Journal, in the present Month of April, in such and the like Manner as is required by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 20th Day of May 1791, relative to Bills for paving, lighting, cleansing, and improving, any City or Town; and that the Eastei' Quarter Sessions for the said County having been held several Days prior to the Day on which the House granted the aforesaid Leave, and the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County not being to be held until the 5th Day of May next, the Notice at the Sessions House, as required by the said Standing Orders, hath not been given, but a Notice similar to that inserted in the Newspapers as aforesaid, hath been given in various Ways now in Use in that County and Burgh, for apprizing the Public in general of Matters in which they are interested: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the said Bill so applied for as aforesaid, for lighting, paving, and improving, the Streets of the said Royal Burgh of Inverness.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof 5 and report (he same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Colonel Mr. Adam,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Cawthorne reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Orston and Thorotmt, in the Parish of Orston, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given thfcir Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in grossed.

Sir George Jackson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Carsten Anderson, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Vox.. 48.

Mr. Honywdod reported from the Committee, to Ashford and

wjiom the Bill for amending, improving,. and keep: ^tockbridg* ing in Repair, the Road from the North End of Sported11 Marsh Lane, in Ashford,. in the County of Kent, to the End of the Parish of Orlestone, near in

Romney Marsh, in the said County, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton presented to the House, Wcaverliam according to Order, d Bill For dividing, alldtting, and Inclosure Bill inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Presentud-Town, Manor, or Lordship of Weaverham, in the County of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton presented to the House, Hurdlow according to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of House Road, Five several Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of the "t sheets, Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in Bill pre-the Third, Twenty-second, and Twenty-sixth Years semed. of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton and Hernestone Lane Head and Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in the Frith, all in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and from Ardwick Green near Manchester aforesaid, and from the School House in Didsbury, in the said County of Lancaster, over Cheadle Ford, across the River Mersey, to the Bridge at in the said County of Chester, as relates to the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton and Hernestone Lane Head and Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in the Frith, and the Town of Stockport, to Manchester aforesaid, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the said Road, and for widening and improving certain Streets in the said Town of Stockport: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton presented to the House, Ardwick according to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of Green, and Five several Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Wilmslow Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in presented.' the Third, Twenty-second, and Twenty-sixth Years P of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hurd-low House, through Buxton and Hernestone Lane Head and Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in the Frith, all in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and from Ardwick near Manchester aforesaid, and from the School House in Didsbury, in the said County of Lancaster, over

Cheadle Ford, across the River Mersey, to the Bridge at Wilmslorw, in the said County of Chester, as relates to the Road from Ardwick Green, by Didsbury School House, to the Bridge at Wilmslow aforesaid, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing, widen-. " 8 1 ing,

Benerech's Nat. Bill reported, and passed.

Langley South Common Inclo-sore Bill re* ported.

Thorngrafton Inclosure Bill reported.

674 23° Aprilis.A. 1793.

ing, altering, diverting, and turning the said Road: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Salisbury Cotton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter , was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill it in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Saluslmry Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, called Langley South Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, called Thorngrafton Common, and also certain Common Fields or Dales, and Pieces of Land, within the Township of Thorngrafton, all within the Barony or Manor of Work, and in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owner of Estates assessed to the Poor's Rates at £. 106 per Annum, and of Ten Acres of the said Common Fields or Dales, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but made no Opposition; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £. 815 per Annum, and the whole Quantity of such Common Fields or Dales is about 74 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

12

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Grey reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground, called Grindon Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of , in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Poor's Rates at £. 74 per Annum, who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £. 3,384 per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Sinclair reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Traill, Esquire, of Castle-hill, Benjamin Williamson, Esquire, of Banniskirk, Alexander Henderson, Esquire, of Stemster, William -man, Esquire, of Strathy, James Horne, Esquire, of Wester Wattin, and others, Landholders within the Counties of Caithness and Sutherland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Modes hitherto authorized of making the High Roads, Bridges, and Communications, and of exacting the Statute Labour, and other Assessments, for those Purposes, within the Counties of Caithness and have been found inadequate to the Purposes intended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making effectual the Statute Labour, and for'levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, and re-, pairing High Roads and Bridges in the County of Caithness, and Part of the County of Sutherland: And that Sir John Sinclair and Sir John Ingilby do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within foe Parishes of Stiffkey and Morston, in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to protect the Harbour of Blakeney from Injury by the Inclosure of the Marshes.

And

Grindon Common Inclosure Bill reported.

Caithness and Sutherland Statute Labour Petition reported.

Stiffkey and Morston Inclosure Bill passed.

Llanferres and Kilken inclosure Bill presented.

Bfsselsleigh and Hunger-ford Road Bill commuted.

Petition against the Bill for regulating the Powers of the Commission of fythes in Scotland.

daidstone nd Ashford load Bill resented.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.,

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Gill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 38. To leave out " and allotted."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Gill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Gill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Stiffkey and Morston, in the County of Norfolk-, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheepwalk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Roger Moslyn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Llanferres, in the County of Denbigh, and Kilken, in the County of Flint: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of (be present Turnpike Road from Besselsleigh to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to Leckford, otherwise Sousley Water, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Van-sittart, Mr. Powys, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land-Estates within the County of Stirling, North Britain, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill has been brought into the House, for defining and regulating the Powers of the Lords Commissioners for Valuation of Teinds and Plantation of Kirks in Scotland, whereby sundry Provisions are proposed to be made for the Augmentation of the Stipends of the Clergy of the Established Church of Scotland, for the Management of Glebes and vacant Stipends, and for enlarging and explaining the Powers of the Court in granting Augmentations and localling Stipends, and other Purposes: And, that the Interest of the Petitioners being materially affected by the Provisions proposed to be made by the said Bill; therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law, in as far as respects the Provisions by which they apprehend that they and other Landholders in Scotland will be injured.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for defining and regulating the Powers of the Commission of leinds, or Tythes, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then beard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr. Honywood presented to the House, according to" Order, a Bill for amending, widening, shortening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrens Cross, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, through the West or Lower

Vol. 48.

Street, by Harrietsham Church, and through Lenham and Charing, to Barroro Hill in Ashford, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Proprietors of the River Petition in Trent Navigation, whose Names are thereunto sub- favour of scribed, was presented to the House, and read; Tak- P,erbJ.a"<1 ing Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Town of Derby to the Trent and Mersey Canal, at or near Skardloro, in the County of Derby, and from the said Canal to the Nottingham Cana), near to the Town of Nottingham:

And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

s

A Petition of Samuel Dunn, Esquire, Lord of the Petition from Manor of Keadby, in the Isle of Axhotme, and County Keadby of Lincoln, and of the several other Persons, whose ®ga<nstStain* Names are thereunto subscribed, all Owners of Estates Keadby Ca-within the said Manor, was presented to the House, nai Bill, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill, for making a Navigable Canal from Stainforth to Keadby, and they have been assured that it is intended, by those who make Application for the Bill, to make large Side Drains for the Purpose of draining some Part or Parts of what is called The Levels, or some Commons or Grounds near thereto, and that the Outfall of the said Drains is to be at Keadby, or that they mean to divert those Waters from their present Course to run into a Drain, called The Keadby Drain, or make Use of both the said Ways, as it may seem best to themselves; and Representing to the House, that, when Application was made to the Petitioners for their Consents to the making of the said Canal, they gave it for the Canal only, and not for a Drainage of other Lands and Grounds at a.

Distance from them, and that such Drainage was never mentioned to the Petitioners, and, if the same should be admitted, and made Part of the intended Bill, it will be very prejudicial to them, and other Land Owners, by endangering their Lands and Grounds being overflowed, and their Crops destroyed, from such a large Body of Water being brought down upon them, and staying the re a great many Hours in a Day, without being able to discharge itself into the River Trent from the flowing of the Tide, and Ebb thereof Twice in Twenty-four Hours; and that a greater Quantity of Land will be necessary for making those Side Drains than the Petitioners had any Notice of, or were contained in the Notices given oi the intended Application to Parliament for Powers to make the Canal, and therefore, and because of their introducing a Drainage of other Lands and Grounds into the Bill, they presume that proper Notices have not been given as required by the Standing Orders of the House; and that tha Petitioners objected to, and were desirous of, the Canal not being made to go out into the River Trent at the South End of the Town, by which it would cut in Two a valuable Common belonging to the said Town, used as a Cow Pasture, and destroy several good Closes, or Pieces or Parcels of Land, and occasion Trees to be cut down, which are a Shelter to the Town, but that they should vary the Line of the said Canal, and take it from a Place called Bonny Hale House, across some of the Out Moors of Keadby, into a Drain called Crawls and Ealand, &c.

Drain, and enlarge the same, and make the Outfall of the Canal at the North End of the Town of Keadby:

And therefore praying, That, if a Bill shall pass for making the said Canal, the Line thereof may be varied and altered, from the present Plan, to the North End

of

23° April is. A. 1793.

of the Town of 'Keadby, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the Bill, so far as relates to the Drainage, or turning and diverting any new Water into the present Drain, and

that the Proposers of the Bill may be restrained from either of the said Purposes, or that the House will grant the Petitioners such further and other Relief as to the House shall seetrt meet, particularly, to be heard generally upon the Bill at the Committee, and before the House, if found necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, at or near in

the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dun, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself on Street's into a Committee of the whole House, upon the in-Divorce Bill. glosse(j gm from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Street, Gentleman, with LucyDuncomb, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Onslrnv took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Motion to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, for Bill io consider of the Motion, made Yesterday, That

manCatbo- Leave be given to bring in a Bill to relieve Persons, lies from cer- professing the Roman Catholic Religion, from certain uinPenalties. Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by certain Acts of the Scots Parliament, particularly by an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Lord Frederick Campbell accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That I cave be given to bring in a Bill for requiring a certain Form of Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, from His Majesty's Subjects, professing the Roman Catholic Religion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And Lord Frederick Campbell moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That Leave be given to bring ill a Bill for requiring a certain Form

of Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, from His >

Majesty's Subjects, professing the Roman Catholic

Religion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: .

And that Lord Frederick Campbell, the Lord Advocate

of Scotland, and Mr. Miller, do prepare, and bring in;

the same.

Ordered, That a Comihitfce be appointed to em Committee j quire into the Progress that has been made to- Wnte<i 10 wards the Amendment and Improvement of the the U|w« Navigation of the Thames and Isis, in consequence made to ( of the several Acts passed for that Purpose, and also, wards the

irito the Amount of the Receipts and Expenditure, , y |

and of the State of the Trade on the said Rivets j and tIkums wd to report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the his Nwig» House: tion, &c. 1

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. 1

the Marquis of Worcester, the Marquis of *

Sir William Dolben, Sir John Call, Sir George Jackson, h

Sir John JerVis, Sir John Sinclair, Sir William Young, .!?'

Sir Francis Sykes, Mr. Page, Mr. Hawkins,

Mr. William Smithy Mr. Caxcthorne, Mr. Dent, Sir William Hedthcote, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Antiesley, Mr. *

Neville, Mr. JVigley, Sir Charles Morgan, Mr. God- J

dard, Mr . Heneage, Mr Pitt, Mr Mr. Hill,

Mr. JValwyn, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sir Wat kin

Lewes, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Smith, Mr. Drake', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of ;*

Berks, Oxford, Gloucester, Worcester, Salop, Monmouth,

Stafford, Essex, Herts, Kent, Sussex, Surrey, Middlesex, Northampton, Leicester, Warwick, Rutland, Derby, Nottingham, and Lincoln; the City of London; and for the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to establish certain Regulations Bill respect-respecting Officers serving in several Corps of Fencible ing Corps o(! Men, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain other Corps which may be directed paiS^, ‘ to be raised in Great Britain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to establish certain Regulations respecting Officers serving in several Corps of Fencible Men, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain other Corps which may be directed to be raised in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the ;j

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Expiring to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Lm Bill upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the <ie*trrtl1' Landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in; to

the granting Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar*

Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yams made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining j

33 Geo. III.

23° — 24* Apritis.

677

Catij,

lb®.-.

LU--

tijf

''tel?,-

-amj-

Voiit;'

l-H.'

certaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Lord's Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords

/mrodments to the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually to seotTraitor- Prevent> during the present War between Great Britain owCorres- an<* France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or pondeoce. Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next

IddriwMa- Ordered, That Mr. Dudl be added to the

wgm of im- Managers appointed to make good the Articles of "Mr. Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire.

: v Hastings.

I1 Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

' fit an Govern- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

'JL ®"Jj*^* to consider of the Government and Trade

! Mo.0 Ordered, That the several Reports, Accounts, and

Papers, which have been presented to this House in

rderred. this Session of Parliament from the Directors of the East India Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the United Company ! of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies,

which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of March last, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That

they had made a Progress in the Matters to them re-: ferred; and that he was directed by the Committee to

move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

is Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the I:. whole House, to consider further of the Government

;:v and Trade of India.

Vote of Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported rii> Credit Bill from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the reported. gj|j for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the l': House; and he read the Report in his Place; and

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ;J! in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were

,l' Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; ana, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That 'I' the Governor and Company of the Bank of England

'' shall not be subject to the Penalties of an Act of the

l!' Fifth of William and Mary, for advancing Money for the Payment of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by 10 "i the Direction of, the Commissioners of the Treasury,

and made payable at the Bank of England. i*1' And the said Clause was Twice read with Blanks;

- ' which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 48.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties on Tobacco.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on Tobacco Duties.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24* die A prills;

Anno 33° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1793.

Praters.

GENERAL Murray reported from the Commit- Perth Roads

tee, to whom the Bill for explaining, amending; Bill reported, and rendering more effectifal, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for making and repairing the Road from Crieff, towards Stirling and Alloa, and other Roads, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a MeltonMow-Navigable Cut or Canal from the Leicester and Melton bray and Mowbray Navigation, in the Mill Close Homestead, in Oakham Ca-the Parish of Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, into Cult's Close, in the Parish of Oakham, in *msse ' the County of Rutland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Melton Mowbray Navigation, in the County of Leicester, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr. Heathcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, H e an<1 to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, Duffield Road Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Derby, Petition re-and particularly of the Owners and Occupiers of P°rted-Estates in the Neighbourhood of, and Inhabitants within, the Towns of Duffield, Bdper, and Heage, all in the Parish of Duffield, in the County of Derby, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the

8 K Committee

24° Aprilis.

A. 1793.

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-' tion, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.' Samuel Taylor being examined, said, That the Road leading from the Town of Heage, through the Town of Belper, to the Town of in the County of

Derby, branching out of the present Turnpike Road from Chesterfield to Derby, and communicating with the present Turnpike Road from to Derby, at

Duffield, is for the greatest part circuitous, narrow, ruinous, and incommodious, and it would be of great Advantage and Accommodation to thfe Public, and to the Owners and Occupiers of Estates in the Neighbourhood thereof, if the said Road was to be properly amended and kept in Repair.

And the Witness added, That it will be expedient to enable the Trustees to purchase a Bridge over the River Derwent, in order to make the Communication

desired, and necessary for the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Belper, to Duffield, in the said County: And that Lord

Geot'ge Cavendish and Mr. do prepare, and bring

in, the same.

Asian Up- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the thorpe Indo- Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common sure Bill Pastures, Downs, Waste Grounds, and Commonable passed. Places, within the Hamlet of Aston in the

Parish of Blewbury, in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open. Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Hamlet of Aston Upthorpe, in the Parish of Blewbury, in the County of Berks.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

\ y

Ids&l Indo-i Bill

sure J

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Five Open Common Fields, commonly called Shiffnal Town Field, otherwise Pool Field, otherwise Drayton Field, the JVyke Field, the Church Field, other-

wise Ilaughton Field, Haughton Middle Field, otherwise Patnal Field, and die Upper Field, otherwise Nedge Field, in the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making an Allotment to the Vicar.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; vis.

Pr. 2. 1. l. At the End of the Line to add, " And whereas the Reverend " Richard Huntley, Junior, is Vicar of die Parish of Idsal, " otherwise Shiffnal, aforesaid, " and as such is enrided to a " certain Piece of Glebe, and in " Consequence thereof to a Right " of Common over all the said " Fields."

Pr. li. 1. 28. After " therein" to insert " other " than and except the said Vicar " and his Successors."

Pr. 25. 1. 2g. At the End of the Line to add,

" other than and except the said " Vicar and his Successors."

Pr. 27- 1. 19- After " Lives" to insert " other " than and except the said Vicar " and his Successors."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Five Open Common Fields, commonly called Shiffnal Town Field, otherwise Pool Field, otherwise Drayton Field, the JVyke Field, the Church Field, otherwise Haughton Field, Haughton Middle Field, otherwise Patnal Field, and the Upper Field, otherwise Nedge Field, in the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr Kynaston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Anderson Pelham reported from the Committee, Kjrton j, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Liudsey in-Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com-closure Ml monable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Kirton in Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Housse, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Billj to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 544 Acres and 27 Perches of Land, or thereabouts, who refused to consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands entitled to Right of Common on the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, consists of 3,697 Acres, 3 Roods, and 14 Perches, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Greetham and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Com- Inclosure Bill monable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Greetham, P**1-in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Greetham, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Caret home do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thomas Williams presented to the House, ac- Carnarvon cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging, deepening, clean- Harbour Bill sing, improving, and regulating, the Harbour of Camar- presented. von, in the County of Carnarvon And the same was received; and read the Firet Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Thomas Williams presented to the House, ac- Amlwch cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging, deepening, clean- Harbour Bill sing, improving, and regulating, the Harbour of Amlwch, Prest"Utl-in the Isle of Anglesey: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

9 Mr.

*ib

»i

M

Hi

r:J 10

sin Ri< cei

the

tiu

the

Y<

an

C(

th

L

1

F

5

T

1

33 Geo. IIL

24° Apr ills.

m

IVb

Southbura inclosure Bill present* ed.

Mr Wilberforce presented to the House* according " adulterate Meal, Flour, Or Bread," with respect to

-Tide

1 kf

h*

if

iiid

Speeton Inclosure Bill

to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Sou in the Parish of Kirkburn, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Speeton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Act are to be brought.

the Time within which certain Prosecutions directed by the said Act are to be brought, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making " of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize " thereof; and to punish Persons who shall adulterate " Meal, Flour* or Bread," with respect to the Time within which certain Prosecutions directed by the said

lords

Pr. 23.

Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Amendments the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, into Marham tituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Old Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Marham, in the County of Norfolk.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

After M whatsoever," insert " Provided always, that no such Exchange shall be made by the " said Vicar, or his Successors, " without the Consent of the " Lord Bishop of Norwich for " the Time being first signified " under his Hand and Seal."

Pr. 31. 1. 24. After " Waste" insert " other than " and except the said Vicar and " his Successors."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Buxton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

inclosure 0;c: Bill agreed IV ~ to.

:d

,)K

71Z.

1. 1.1

and 1

3.J

Crickhowell Roads Bill passed.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Com- Report New-mittee, appointed to enquire into the State of the foundlaud Trade to Newfoundland, and to report the same, as it Trade* shall appear to them, to the House, and who were empowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be. printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Com- Mr. CIaxton's mittee to whom the Bill to enable Robert Claxton, of Bill reported. Bristol, Merchant, to take the Oath prescribed, and directed to be taken, by an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, was committed; That the Committee had examined the

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be Majesty, for amending, widening, ~

Roads leading from Crickhowell,

Brecon, to the Cross Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross, and from a Place called The Lower Cross Ways,

in the Parish of Saint Maughans, to the Town of

and altering the in the County of

true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

KK--

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords,

Grossmount, in the County* of Monmouth, and from a Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Street, Gentle- vorcej Smith's Shop at Stanton, in the Parish of Llanvihan- man, with Lucy Duncumb, his now Wife, and to enable pa8se

intituled, An Street's Divorce Bill

him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

Cr

gell to Chapel a Fine, in the same County, and from the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Welsh Newton, in the County of Hereford, to Pontannast, in the Parish of Cluddock, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title agreed to the same, without any Amendment, be, An Act for continuing the Term, and varying

the Powers, of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, to whom Boccius's present Majesty, for amending, widening, and alter- the Bill for naturalizing Frederick Gotliebb Boccius, was Na|- re-

ing, the Road from Crickhowell, in the County of Bre- committed; That the Committee had examined the por e *

con, to the Cross Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turn- Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

pike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross, and true 5 and that the Committee had directed him to

report the Bill to the House, without any Amend-

ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

other Roads therein described, with respect to certain Parts of the Roads comprised in the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Walwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the A Petition of Theobald DiUon, of Heath, in the Petition

emend Act Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty County of York, Esquire, was presented to the House, against

teePriceof8 King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and Heath; Bread pass- " due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Calder, and Barnsley

id. u and Assize thereof; and to punish Persons who shall in the Township of Warmjkld cum Heath, to, or near, Canal Bill.

Vol. 48. the

the Town of Barnsley, and from thence to Barvby Bridge, in the Township of , and a Colla-

teral Cut branching out of the said intended Canal, at, or near, Bargh Mill, to, or nearly to, Haigh Bridge,

in the Township of Woolley, all in the West Riding of the County of York; and Setting forth, That the said Canal is intended to be carried so near the Mansion House of the Petitioner as to make the same highly incommodious for the Residence of the Petitioner and his Family: And therefore praying, That the said Bill, in its present Form, may not pass into a Law, unless the Line be varied so as to remove the Canal to a greater Distance from the Mansion House of the Petitioner, or that other Clauses may be inserted so as the same may be rendered as little inconvenient as possible, and that the Petitioner may be heard, by his Counsel, against the same, and may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Stanley Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do make the Re-to report Bill port from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter Kirkb^Ken anc* amen<^ an Act, passed in the last Session of Parlia-dalCanalment> intituled, "An Act for making and maintain-Act. " ing a Navigable Canal from Kirkhy Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the " County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable " Branch from the said intended Canal, at or near " Borxvick, to or near Warton and also ano-

" ther Navigable Branch from, at, or near, Galemoss, " by Charley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County <c Palatine of Lancasterand also, for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near to Glasson Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed.

C»bhun In- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

closure Bill Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the committed. 8everai Commons, Heaths, and Marsh and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Cobham, otherwise Cove-ham, in the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Russell, Mr. Maitrwaring, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Petitions in A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and Common-favour of alty, Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, and other the Zoucif r«ii*t Inhabitants of the Borough of Daventry, in the County Bill. of Northampton: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Northamton, and other the Inhabitants of the Town of Northampton-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to join and communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Griff, in the Lordship of Chilvers Coton, in the County of Warwick, and also certain

Cuts or Branches from the said intended Canal: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered !

to lie upon the Table.

Colonel Macleod reported from the Committee, to ,nven*» whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders Bill onkrtd and Burgesses of the County and Royal Burgh of - j

verness, was referred; That the Committee had exa- i

mined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present produced to your Committee, Copy of a Notice given on the 5th Day of this Instant April, at the Market Cross of Inverness, on the Market Day, and likewise published to the Congregation in the,

Parish Church, on Sunday the 7th Instant, and affixed on the Door thereof, of the Application to Parliament for Provision to be made for lighting, paving, and improving the Streets of the Royal Burgh of Inverness —

And it appeared that the like Notice was given upon the 8th Instant, by affixing the same on the Door of the Hall of the Quarter Sessions for the County of Inverness, which is likewise the Court House of the Sheriff Depute of the County, and Magistrates of the Burgh, and a Place of Public Resort; and that such is the usual Mode of giving Public Notice to the Inhabitants:

But that the last Quarter Sessions for the said County 1

had been holden on the 5th Day of March last, and the next Quarter Sessions will not not be holden before the 7th Day of May. — Then,

Three Newspapers, called The Aberdeen Journal, of the 1st, 8th, and 15 th Days of this Instant April, were produced, containing the like Notice of the said Application.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 21st Day of March last, was made from the jf

Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Freeholders and Owners of Land in the County of Inverness; and also, the Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of the County of Inverness, or Burgesses of the Borough of Inverness, were severally referred; might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly; i

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing certain Highways and Bridges *

within the Shire of Inverness, and for lighting die Streets within the Royal Burgh of Inverness: And that Colonel Macleod and Sir Hector Munro do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council Petitions of Haddington, in their own Name, and in Name of the Burgesses and other Inhabitants of the said Burgh: And also, dington, A!. 1

A Petition of the several Land Owners, Farmers, RoednBl Tenants, and Possessors, of Ground, and others, Inhabitants of the County of East Lothian, whose Names 1

are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; '

Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, from the Votes, that Application has been made for Leave to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads from Dunglass Bridge to the Town of Haddington, and from thence to Ravenshaugh-bum, in the County of Haddington, and also for making and repairing the Roads from Kilpallet-bum to Tranent, in the said County of Haddington, and other particular Roads in the said County, as therein described; and that the Petitioners ap-.

prebend,

liSS

'i'Jiie,:

5«V

'1! :lj.

tO

site

''7;1 ft. f -

sizi

;-Ka

L*:«

.it

C:

Essex Roads Bill pre-

If: seated.

iKJ

Bill to regulate the Transfer of Shares in Navigable Canals, See.

2 presented.

jt-- \

-i-C

; Haydon: Square, See.

- Paying Bill f> ordered.

Hies

ai;

rooi

:for

oai

its

j).'

r-:

33 Geo. III. 24° Aprihs.

681

prebend, and are convinced, that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, with the several Clauses, Provisoes, and Declarations, which it has been proposed and resolved to insert in the same, will be exceedingly detrimental to the several and respective Interests of the Petitioners, and a partial, oppressive, and unequitable Law: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Billj and against the several Clauses, Provisoes, and Declarations, whereby they conceive their Interests to be affected, and that the same may not pass into a Law, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, or the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Roads from Dung lass Bridge to the Town of Haddington, and from thence to Ravenshaugh Burn, in the County of Haddington, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of the said Roads within the said County, is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing several Roads in the County of Essex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir George Howard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to regulate the Transfer of Shares in all Undertakings for making Navigable Canals, and to prohibit the Transfer of Subscriptions to such intended Canals for a certain Time after such Subscriptions shall have been made: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several of the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading the reunto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and bad directed him to report the same, as it appeared to Voi..4S.

them, to the House; and he r6ad the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Theophilus Green produced to your Committee, Copy of a Notice affixed on the Door of the Sessions House at the last Easter Sessions for the County of

of the Application to Parliament for a Bill to explain and amend the said Act, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And,

Three Newspapers, called The Public Ledger, of the 8th, loth, and 12th Days of this Instant April, were produced, containing the like Notice of the said Application.

The House was moved, That the Report which,' upon the 25th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the -Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, passed -in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and . watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading the reunto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard,

Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading thereto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Bt/ng do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Thomas Stanley, according to Order, reported Bill to amend from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter and Kirkhy Ken-amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, ^ct reported, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a ‘

" Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County " of Westmorland; to West Houghton, in the County " Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch " from the said intended Canal, at or near Borwick, to " or near Warton Cragg, and also another Navigable " Branch from, at, or near, Galemoss, by Chorley, to or " near Duxbuty, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster,'' and also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near Galgate, to Glasson Dqck, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed tq be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-' posed, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be' made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now" and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day " Three Months."

8 L And

Bill for limiting, dec. Produce of Tolls imposed by Acts for making Navigable Canals presented.

Bill for raising Money on the Hundred of Hem-lingford presented.

Vote of Credit Bill passed.

24° Aprilis. A. 1793.

And the Question being put, That the Word " how " stand part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time.

The said Amendments were accordingly read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning neat, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Beading of the Bill for defining and regulating the Powers of the Commission of Teinds, or Tythes, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Bill for ngu. luting

Power of tbt Commiuioo of Tythes t> Scotland commitud.

Time.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resotoed, That the . Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 2d Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir George Howard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for limiting, regulating, and applying, the Produce of the Tolls imposed by Acts of Parliament for making Navigable Canals and Aqueducts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more easy raising Money upon the Hundred of Hemlingford, in the County of Warwick; for paying the Damages and Costs incurred on Account of the late Riots within the said Hundred, than is authorized to be done by the Laws now in being: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved., That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. t. To leave out " an" and insert " the said" instead thereof; and after " Fifth" to insert " and * Sixth."

I. 3. To leave out from " to " it,"

in 1.14.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for providing that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall not be subject to any Penalties, by reason of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, on account of their advancing Money for the Payment of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction of, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and made payable at the Bank of England.

Ordered, That Mr*. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Reports from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Tobacw Di-was referred to consider of the Duties on Tobacco, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Report.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said comidered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the stud Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all unmanufactured Tobacco, imported into Great Britain from any of the Free Ports in the West Indies, shall pay the same Duties of Customs and Excise as Tobacco the Growth of His Majesty's Plantations in the West Indies, or of the Territories of the United States of America.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies; and for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits-the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty, in the W Indies, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies, or South America, and so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

*s prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Tur-

s pentine

683

33 Geo. III.

24° — 25° Aprilis.

ftoei,

cv

Scotch Cre-- ditors Bill <N ordered.

J'jffMr

!3df

-‘slid

pentine into Afaw or Afoe Brunswick, from any

Country belonging to the United States of America, is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Pill pursuant to the said Resolution.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing the Term of so " much of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the " rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and " expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Jot is, 250die Aprilis;

Anno 33° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1793.

P r a't e r s.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Trial of Mr.

Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings.

mgs, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a UlversWhe Navigable Cut or Canal from a Place called Hammer- Cana*BiI*

rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and side &//, in the Parish of in the County P"8ed*

ovnpnilinnc in snot Porf nr I-»*/>/»/ Kni/riM no 1 Ion 1 n r m *1

(fays and Means de-fcntd.

e fagabonds, k Bill re-(omitted to

expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Sir Adam Fergusson do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into* Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking

Palatine of Lancaster, to a Place called End,

near the Town of Ulverstone aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. 1. 28. After " ascertained" to insert " Provided always, That such " Recompence and Satisfaction " shall be made to all Spiritual " Persons by an Annual Rent."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

iwiuimcu «, 'nf° ^urfj, eir Consideration the Report from the Com- i)G) An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable tScktCom- ni,‘tee of the who,e House, to whom the Bill to explain Cut or £unal from a Place called Hammerside in.

f - . A« % rl Rl < I A A aL _ A J \y __ . — __________ - _ Ai m jm

me.

r i.

‘fl U;*

and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend, and make more effectual, the'Laws " relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and " disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction," was re-committed.;

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said

BUI;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Select Committee.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Vansittart, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

the Parish of Ulverstone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to a Place called Weint End, near the Town of Ulverstone aforesaid.

Ordered, That Sir George Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

flliwpect-g Statute itar dertd.

\7

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Th« Lords Montagu: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An st-Neotsand Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, Cambridge made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present ^oad Bll Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from the West End of Saint Ive's Lane,

" in the Town of Saint Neots, in the County of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Bell Lane, in the Town of Cambridgewithout any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for better v u ., Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to Supply of An Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign serre in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Mariners and of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, Seamenamend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, during the present War; without any Amendment:

" the Statutes now in being, for the Amendment and And also

" Preservation of the Public Highways within that The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dunstewln Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common c^Mure " Purposes," was read. ... Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Com-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for mon Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the amending and altering the said Act, so far as the same Manor and Parish of Dunstezc, in the County of relates to Labour thereby required, and also, so far without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lord* House, That their Lordships will proceed further in wiB proceed the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Tuesday M*SHast

Ordered, That Sir John Rous have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly; and,

as relates to the Notice directed by the said Act to be given by the Surveyor to Persons liable to perform Duty, or Labour: And that Sir John Rous, Sir Charles Bunbury, Mr. Powysand Mr. Dickins, do

prepare, and bring in, the same.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

ings's Trial.

Vol. 48.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Redoes* and to Order, a Bill for draining, dividing, inclosing, and Swmefleet improving all the Moor Lands in the Townships of DminaI*and

Redness and Swinfleet, in the Parish of Whitgjjfi, in the Inc,08or*B,u

West Riding of the County of York: And the same PreSC" was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.

Friendly So- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, cieties Bill a Bill for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly presented. Societies: And the same was received; and read the First Time. „ .

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Scotch Ro- The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the man Catho- House, according to Order, a Bill for requiring a lies Oath Bill certain Form of Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, preseute ' from His Majesty's Subjects, professing the Roman Catholic Religion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Secoad Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House onWest India to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trade bill. Upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the Indies; and for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty, in the West Indies, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South America, and so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, into Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, from any Country belonging to the United States of America, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the . Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they, had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee appointed to take into Consideration the State of Commercial Credit

Ordered, That a Select Committee be appointed, to take into Consideration the present State of Commercial Credit; and to report their Opinion and Observations thereupon to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of the Master of the Rolls, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Steele, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Lord Sheffield, Sir Adam Fergusson, Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Muilman Trench Chiswell, Mr. Samuel Thornton: And

they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Add re- Motion was made, and the Question being put, specUog Me- That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, moral pre- to express to His Majesty the Displeasure of this House entedtoThe at a certain Memorial, dated the 5th of April 1793, StatiVGi~ a Presented to the States General of The United Provinces, Auckland. *" signed by the Right honourable Lord Auckland, His Neg.

Majesty's Minister at the Hague, the said Memorial containing a Declaration of the following Tenor,

" Some of these detestable Regicides" (meaning by this Expression the Commissioners of the National Convention of France delivered to Prince de by General Dumourier) " are now in such a Situation " that they can be subjected to the Sword of the Law. " The rest are still in the midst of a People whom " they have plunged into an Abyss of Evils, and for " whom Famine, Anarchy, and Civil War, are about " to prepare new Calamities. In short, every Thing " that we see happen induces us to consider as not " far distant the End of these Wretches, whose Mad-' " ness and Atrocities have filled with Horror and Indignation all those who respect the Principles of Religion, " Morality, and Humanity," and concluding with the following Words:

" The undersigned therefore submit to the enlightened Judgment and Wisdom of your High Mightinesses, whether it would not be proper to employ u all the Means in your Power to prohibit from entering your Dominions in Europe, or your Colonies, " all those Members of the Assembly stiling itself The " National Convention, or of the pretended Executive " Council, who were directly or indirectly concerned " in the said Crime; and if they should be discovered " and arrested, to deliver them up to Justice, that " they may serve as a Lesson and Example to-Man-' " kind

To acquaint His Majesty with the Sense of this House, that the said Minister, in making this Declaration, has departed from the Principles upon which this House was induced to concur in the Measures necessary for the Support of the War in which the British Nation is at present unfortunately engaged, and has announced an Intention, on the Part of Great Britain, inconsistent with the repeated Assurances given by His' Majesty, that He would not interfere in the Internal Affairs of France-, and for which Declaration this House cannot easily be brought to believe that the said Minister derived any Authority from His Majesty's Instructions: '

Humbly to beseech His Majesty, that so much of the said Memorial as contains the Declaration above recited may be publicly disavowed by His Majesty, as containing Matter inconsistent with the Wisdom and Humanity which at all Times have distinguished the British Nation, and derogatory to the Dignity of the Crown of this Realm, by avowing an Intention to interpose in the Internal Affairs of France, which His Majesty has in so many positive Declarations disclaimed, and mingling Purposes of Vengeance with those Objects of Defence and Security to ourselves and our Allies, which His Majesty's Ministers have professed to be the sole Object of the present War.

To represent to His Majesty, that this House has already expressed its Abhorrence of the Act alluded to in the above Declaration; and that, as neither this, nor any other Foreign State, can claim any Cognizance or Jurisdiction respecting that Act, the only Tendency of Menaces against the Persons concerned in the Perpetration of it is to reduce this Country to the ruinous Alternative of carrying on War for the Subversion of the present Government of France, or of obtaining Peace by an ignominious Negotiation with the very Government whom we have insulted and stigmatized:

That these Threats must tend to give to the Hostilities, with which Europe is now afflicted, a peculiar Barbarism and Ferocity, by provoking and reviving a System of Retaliation and Bloodshed, which the Experience of its destructive Tendency, as well as a Sense of Honour, Humanity, and Religion, have combined to banish from the Practice of civilized War:

And finally, to represent to His Majesty how deeply the Reputation of His Majesty's Councils is interested

iu

in disclaiming these unjustifiable, and, we trust, un- " the aforesaid Road at a Place called Filling to authorized Denunciations of Vengeance, so destructive " a Road called The Foss Road, and from thence to of all Respect for the Consistency, and of all Con- " the Turnpike Road leading from to

fidence in the Sincerity, of the Public Acts of His " the Guide Post Margaret's Field, Leicester:"

Ministers, and so manifestly tending at Once to render And the same was received; and read the First Time, the Principle of the War unjust, the Conduct of Hos- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

tilities barbarous, and the Attainment of Honourable PSace hopeless;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ' } 36.

f Mr. Aldworth Ne- "j

Tellers for the Noes, < >211.

[Mr. J

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bill for Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

Pr*.j*nt,n8 next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Suxkbridge upon ^e Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Corrup-Election tion in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament deferred. for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton.

Expiring Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-

d^rred*11 *°8 next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

e.trre . House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the Indies; to

the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by s Hydrometer; and to

revive' and continue an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 26* die Aprilis;

Anno 33* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

Market Har- \/TR. Pochin presented to the House, according to bormigh Road 1_VJL Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Bill present- powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to continue, and render more effectual, Two Acts, " passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King " George the First, and the Nineteenth Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road " from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the " County of Leicester, and for repairing, widening, " turning, and altering the Road branching out of Vo l. 48.

Mr. Anstruther presented to the House, according Pawn-

r o § U*ll

to Order, a Bill to continue, and amend, an Act passed DroKers in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present pre ne Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the " Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Honyzooood presented to the House, according Sevanoake*, to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Tunbridge of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for coutinu- presented.

ing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so " much of Three Acts of Parliament, for repairing " the Roads from Sevenoakes, Tunbridge Wells, and " Kipping's Cross, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullen's " Hill, in the County of Kent, and to Vent,

" in the County of Sussex, as relates to the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge " Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County of " Kent," so far as the said Act relates to the Road from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

‘ Mr. Cawthorne presented to the House, according to South Kelsey

Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable' and Caistor Canal from the River Ancholme, in the Parish of South Canal Bill Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, into the Parish of present Caistor, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Cawthorne reported from the Committee, to Allington whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Inclosure Bill Arable Fields, and other uninclosed Lands, within rePorted* the Manor or Manors of Allington, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; ..and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 47 Acres of Land, who could not be found; and that the Whole of the Lands to be inclosed consists of 900 Acres and upwards; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hous<e.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroSsed.

Mr . Mainwaring presented to the House, according Haydon to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present p^^tedl Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting,

8 M - and

St. Luke's lighting and watching Bill passed.

North Duffield and Bubwith Bridge Bill reported, and re-committed.

Hedon and Hull Roads Bill reported.

and watching Hayden Square, the New,

Yard, SheepyYard, Church Street, Little Church Street,

otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading thereto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That die Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better enlightening and cleansing the Open Places, Squares, " Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Courts within " the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, " and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels, and " for repairing foe Highways within the said Parish," and for granting other Powers for the better lighting, cleansing, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Places, within the said Parish; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the same, was read foe Third Time.

Resolved, That foe Bill do pass: And that foe Title be. An Act for foe better lighting, cleansing, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Places within foe Parish of Saint Luke, in foe County of Middlesex; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within foe same.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do carry the Bill to foe Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from foe Committee, to

whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Bubwith Ferry, in the East Riding of the County of York, and making proper Approaches thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found foe same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read foe Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where foe Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, in the East. Riding of the County of York, through the said Town, to Hull North Bridge, and for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Wytqn Holmes, through the Townships of Wyton and Sproatley, to the Guide Post in Flinton Lane, near Humbledon Moor House, in the same Riding, was committed.

Mr. Wilberforce accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, arid found foe same to be true; and that foe Committee had gone through foe Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read ' »

the Report in his Place; ' and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where foe Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon foe Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Gainsborough *n the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto set, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Town of Derby, to the Trent and Mersey Canal, at or near Shardlow, in the County of Derby, and from foe said Canal to the Nottingham Canal, near to the Town of Nottingham; and Setting forth, That foe Petitioners are of Opinion, that a Canal from the Town of Derby to the Erewash Canal at Sandiacre, near which Place the said Erewash Canal falls into the River Trent, will open a more direct and easy Communication between the said Towns of Gainsborough and Derby, the intermediate Places, and foe North East and South Parts of this Kingdom, and in every Respect be of greater Public Utility than foe Canal proposed to be made from Derby to Shardlow; and, the Petitioners are also of Opinion, that the Canal proposed to be made from foe Trent and Mersey Canal at Shardlow, to the Nottingham Canal, is an useless and unnecessary Undertaking, as the same is intended to be made in a parallel Line with, and near to, the River Trent, which has been Navigable for many Years, and is now improving under certain Powers granted by an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of foe Reign of His present Majesty, and on which River foe Petitioners are informed, that Merchandize and Goods may be navigated at considerably less Expence than on the said intended Canal from Shardlow to foe Nottingham Canal: And therefore praying, That foe said Bill may not pass into a Lawr.

A Petition of several Persons, Owners and Proprietors of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, navigating on foe River Trent, from a Place called Wilden Ferty, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, or one of them, to Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That, in pursuance of an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Trent, from a " Place called Wilden Ferry, in the Counties of Derby " and Leicester, or one of foem, to Gainsborough, in foe County of Lincoln, and for impowering Persons " navigating Vessels thereon to hale the same with " Horses," the said Part of the said River Trent has been very considerably improved, and convenient Haling Paths have been made on the Side thereof, and the Petitioners have been at a very great Expence in building Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, for the Conveyance of Corn, Coals, and Merchandize, on foe said Part of the said River; and that that Part of the said intended Canal as is meant to extend from the Trent and Mersey Canal to the Nottingham Canal will be highly injurious and detrimental to the Interests of the Petitioners, who have thus incurred a very great Expence under the Faith and Credit of the said Act, by occasioning a considerable additional Expence in navigating the said intended Canal, without affording (as they conceive) any real or substantial Benefit to the Public which may not be derived from the present Navigation: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, Agents, or Counsel, against such Part or Parts of the said Bill as may affect their

Interests,

Petition froir Gainsborough againsi Derby and Shardlow Canal Bill.

Petition from Owners of Vessels navigating on the Trent, against D# Bill.

33 Geo. III. 26®

687

Petitions in favour of Stainforth and Keadby Canal Bill.

Petitions in favour of Swinton and Silkstone Canal Eiil.

Kirtoo in Lindsey In* closure Bill passed.

Interests, or have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Grand Jury for the County of Lincoln, assembled at the Assizes held at the Castle of Lincoln, on Saturday, the 9th Day of March 1793: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of Lincoln, in Common Council assembled;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Petitioners And a Bill is depending in the House for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, to communicate with the River Dun Navigation Cut, at or near Stainforth, in the County of York: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Grand Jury for the County of Lincoln, assembled at the Assizes held at the Castle of Lincoln, on Saturday the 9th Day of March 1793: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City of Lincoln, in Common Council assembled;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners find a Bill is depending in the House for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation, at or near Swinton, in the County of York, to a certain Place near the Town of Barnsley, with Collateral Cuts to the extensive Coal Mines adjoining: And praying* That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Kirton in Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Kirton in Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Harrison do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to vary A Bill to vary and extend the Line of the Canal

the Line of aphorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-the Hereford first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti-and Gloucess- tuled, " An Act for making and maintaining a Navi-ter Canal " gable Canal from the City of Her ford to the City of committed. u Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to " the Town of Newent, in the County of ,"

and to amend the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. JVal-wyn, Sir George Comcwall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Halsey's a Petition of Henry Halsey, of in the

DainstVam- County of Surrey, Esquire, was presented to the House, ham Hop and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is seised Tythe Bill, for Three Lives of and in the Rectory Impropriate of the Parish of Famham, in the County of Surrey, by virtue of an Assignment or Transfer of a Lease there-Vol. 48.

of, granted by the Archdeacon of Surrey, for the Purchase whereof the Petitioner lately paid above 16,000l. and the Petitioner, as Impropriator as aforesaid, is entitled to the Tythe of Hops, and to all other Great Tythes arising within the said Parish of Famham; and that the Petitioner hath perused a Bill depending in the House for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops planted in Fields within the said Parish, which Bill, if passed into a Law in its present Form, will be highly prejudicial to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioner, and to the Rights and Interests of the said Archdeacon and his Successors Archdeacons of Surrey, as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and that the same may not pass as it now stands, or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops planted in Fields in the Parish of Famham, in the County of Surrey, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Frederick Gottlieb Boccius, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Gottlieb Boccius.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending, the Road from a Place, called Earl's Kill, in JVairington, to the Toll Bars in TVallgate, in Wigan, both in the County of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Dickirn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Jennens, of Acton Place, in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, and Samuel Solly, of Great Ormond Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, being respectively Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes of Congeston, and Higham on the Hill, in the County of Leicester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it fn at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, it was admitted by the Agents for the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to join and communicate

Boccius'sNat Bill passed.

Warrington Hoad Bill reported.

Mr. Jennens9 and Mr. Solly's Petition against the Ashby de la Zouch Canal Bill reported.

26° Aprilis. 1793.

Petition nicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Griff', in the AshbUdela ^xw^ship of Chitoer's Coton, in the County of Warwick, Zouch Canal that Mr. Jennens's Name does not appear on the List Bill. of Landholders annexed to the Petition for the said

Bill; and that no Application had been made to Mr. Jennens. — Then,

Mr. William Dickenson being examined, said, That he is Steward to Mr. William Jennens, and has been so near Thirty Years; that he knows the Land of Mr. Jennens through which the Line of the intended Canal is proposed to pass, and that it will cross the Land in Four Places; that Richard Baxter occupies that Land; that lie has received the Rents from Mr. Baxter for it for Mr. William Jennens, who entered on it at Michaelmas 1788 ;that he purchased it for him of Mr. Burch, of Coventry, who now lives near Windsor: That the Land, to his Knowledge, never did belong to Mr. Curzon, whose Steward he is also, nor ever was in his Possession, nor had Mr. Curzon any Thing to do with it. — And being asked, Whether he had subscribed a Petition against the Bill? he said, He had not. — And being asked, How long has Mr. Charles Jennens been dead? he said, Upwards of Nineteen Years; this Land never did belong to him, nor never was in his Possession; that he was Steward to Mr. Charles Jennens for Twenty-three Years before his Death, and since has been Steward of the same Estates for Mr. Curzon, and that he has lived in the Neighbourhood of this Land upwards of Forty-two Years, during which Time it never was reputed to be the Property either of the late Mr. Charles Jennens, or of Mr. Curzon, since Mr. Charles Jennens's Death; that Baxter was the Occupier of the Land when it was purchased, and has remained so ever since.

It appears by the Land Tax Assessment for 1790 and 1791, which were produced to your Committee, that the Land in Question is rated in the Name of George Burch, Owner, and by the Land Tax Assesment of 17*92, also produced to your Committee, that Mr. William Jennens is rated for the Land.

And Mr. William Dickenson being further examined, said, That the Land through which the Canal is intended to pass is Open Field Land. — And being asked, Where Mr. Jennens lives? he said, In Suffolk; that he has no House in Leicestershire, and has not been to visit his Estate since he purchased it. — And being asked, What Quantity of Land does each Parcel contain through which the Canal is intended to be cut? he said, He could not speak positively to that; One Parcel is in the Moor Field, it also crosses the Middle Field and the Bottom of the Cow Pasture; that Mr. Jennens has only One Yard Land, supposed to contain Twenty-five Acres of Land, a Barn, and Croft, that he cannot speak to the Number of Acres, the Lands in the Common Fields lying dispersed. — And being asked, Whether he could say what was the Size of the First Parcel of Land through which the Canal is to pass ? he said, He could not say whether it contained One, Two, or Three Acres, but no such Quantity as Four Acre?; that the Whole of the Yard Land when purchased was supposed to be Twenty-five Acres; it does not lie all together, and the Canal crosses Four Parcels of Mr. Jennens's Land, the Gates of which are in the Cm Pasture. — And being asked, Whether Richard Baxter occupies any of Mr. s

Land ? he said, He does not, nor never did; nor never was a Tenant of the late Mr. Charles Jennens. — And being asked, If it was ever reputed, either in the Parish or among the Tenants of the Common Field Land, that the Land in Question belonged to Mr. he said, Never, that he heard of; the Receipts were always given in Mr. Jennens's Name, and that until Mr. Jetmens made the Purchase, it was reputed to be Mr. Burch's; and that Mr. Charles Jennens was Grand Uncle to Mr. Curzon, and he believed Mr. Charles Jennens and Mr. William Jennens were Cousins — that

Mr. Curzon has Property in this Common Field Four Yard Lands and a Half, but he is not the principal Proprietor; Lord Wentworth is. — And being asked, Whether Mr. Jennens has any other Property in the Neighbourhood? he said, Yes; at Bilston, Haifa Mile from it, and also a Meadow within Half a Mile of that, which Mr. Baxter rents; a little Brook and a small Meadow is between Mr. Jennens's other Meadow and the other Common Lands, the Meadow may be an Hundred Yards from the Brook.

Mr. Richard Baxter being examined, said, That he occupies all Mr. Jennens's Common Field Land in the Parish of Congeston, who has been his Landlord Two or Three Years; that Mr. James Burch was his Landlord before, who was Receiver General of the Land Tax for Warwickshire; that he took a Lease for Twenty-one Years, and bad it Eighteen Years under Mr. Burch during his Life; that he did not occupy it before Mr. Burch had it, but before that it was one Mrs. Ball's; that he has occupied it above Twenty-two Years, but does not nor never did occupy any Land of Mr. Cur-zon's or of Mr. Charles Jennens's, nor occupies any Land of any other Person, and pays his Rent to Mr. Dickenson, Mr. Jennens's Steward. — And being asked. Whether this Land is reputed to belong to Mr. he said, No; to Mr. Jennens; and that he has been acquainted with Congeston Fifty Years, and that he never heard any Body say that this Land belonged to Mr. Curzon. — And being asked, Upon what Ground he said Mr. Jennens had purchased the Land ? he said, Because he pays him Half a Year's Rent at a Time, and Half a Year in Hand.

He produced to your Committee Five Receipts of Mr. Dickenson, for Ten Pounds each, for Half a Year's Rent, and One of Mr. Burch, for Twenty Pounds.

And being further examined, he said, That he has seen the Surveyors pass over where the Canal is to be cut, and that it goes over the Land Four Times or more — And being asked, What is the Size of each Part ? he said, The Ploughed Land in the Three Fields lies in Sixty Parts, besides that there are Two Pieces of Pasture which the Canal goes through; that he does not know whether the largest of the Two is Half (an Acre, but it is not more; that some of the Ploughed Lands through which the Canal is to go are perhaps a Quarter, and some Half an Acre, and that the Canal cuts them in Half; they are not Headlands, they are called Slades, at the Bottom of the Ploughed Lands, and that he can't tell how much of the Ploughed Lands will be cut off; that the widest of them is about Six Yards, where Two are together they may be Eight Yards; that nobody ever asked him for his Consent, nor told him that the Canal was to go through his Land, nor asked him who his Landlord was; that he dont't know that any Body knew it but Mr. Dickenson — the Neighbours always thought it was Mr.;

that he never was told Mr. Curzon had purchased the Land, for he knew the contrary. — And being asked. What he meant by saying, that the Neighbours thought it was Mr. Curzon's Land ? he said, They knew no better. — And being asked, Whether he ever heard the Neighbours say any Ting at all about it ? he said, No, he did not know they did. — And being asked. Whether he ever, in the Course of his Life, heard any Body say, this Land was Mr. Curzon's ? he said, He had not. — And being asked, What he meant by saying, they knew no better? he said, There was another Estate bought along with it by Mr. Jennens, and they did not concern themselves about mine, as Mr. Dickenson was the Steward, they expected Mr. Curzon had bought it. — And being asked, Whether it was generally considered as Mr. Curzon's Ground among his Neighours? he said, Yes, from Mr. Dickenson's being the Steward; and that he was Steward a6 well to Mr. Curzon as to Mr. Jennens; that he paid his Rent at Mr. Dickenson's House;

that

689

that Mr. Curzon s Rents were generally paid there also,

but not at the same Time. — Then,

Air. William Dickenson being again examined, said, That no Person applied to him to know who was the Landlord of Mr. Baxter's Land, and that he never told any Person it was Mr. Cdrzo Land, and that no Person applied to him to consent for that Land; that he has been Steward to Mr. Jennens many Years, for his Estates in Warwickshire, at and Upper

Whitaker, and Bilson and C in,

and also to several other Gentlemen.

It appeared to your Committee, That Air. Curzon's Name is set down in the List of Owners and Occupiers annexed to the Petition for the Bill, as Owner of this Land, as dissenting, and Richard as the

Occupier.

It was admitted by the Agents for the Bill, That Air. Solly does not appear to have been applied to, they supposing the Land to belong to Mr. William , whose Name is set down in the List of Owners annexed to the Petition.

Air. Stephen Dickenson being examined, said* That he knows the Land in Question, called Heywood Closes, through which the Line of the intended Canal is to run; that it belongs to Samuel Solly, Esquire, and is occupied by Samuel Orton; that he does not receive the Rents, but has been concerned as Attorney for Mr. Solly, in preparing a Lease of that Land in which the Two Closes are included, the Lease is made to Robert Abney and Samuel Orton; Air. Orton being the Occupier; (which Lease was produced to your Committee). — And being further examined, he said. He has known the Land to belong to Mr. Solly for Ten Years last past, and believes it has belonged to him much longer; that he does not know William Abney, but believes he has no Land adjoining those Two Closes, the adjoining Land belonging, on one Side, to Mr. Eborell and Mr. Cooke, and another Part to the Reverend Air. Liptrott, and a small Part is bound by a Public Highway, and another Part by an Inclosure belonging to the Reverend Doctor Gaunt; that as near as he can guess, the Canal traverses Two hundred and Eighty-eight Yards across Mr. Solly's Land, going across the Two Closes; by the Land Tax Assessment for 1790, Mr. Solly's Name appears to be rated as Owner, and Air. Orton as the Tenant; that prior to the Lease of 1783 being granted to Robert Abney sad Samuel , he was employed by Mr. Solly to take a Distress for Rent of the former Tenant of this Land, one Thomas Hutchins, and that he attended the Distress; and by the Land Tax Assessment of 1787, Mr. appears to be rated as Owner, and Samuel Orton as the Occupier.

Mr. Bill Turner being examined, said, He has applied at Higham, in which Parish this Land lies, for the Land Tax Assessments of 1791 and 1792, and the Collector of each Year informed him they were both lost

Air. Samuel Orton being examined, said. He has rented the Heywood Closes for Ten Years, that they have been Mr. Solly's ever since he has rented them; he knows Mr. William Abney, the Father of Mr. Robert Abney', but those Closes never belonged to Mr. Abney since he has had them, nor did he ever hear they did belong to him. — And being asked, Whether he was ever applied to to give his Consent? he said, That Two Persons came, and he is almost sure Mr. Webster, One of the Agents for the Bill, was One who applied to him for his Consent; and he told him Two or Three Times, that Mr. Solly was the Owner of the Heywood Closes, and who lived in London; Mr. Webster then asked him, If it was Mr. William Abneys Land? he answered him, That Mr. William Abney was his Landlord, but not for that Land; Mr. Webster then told him, he thought he was not right; but the Witness told him he was — that Mr. William Abney has no Land

Vox.. 48.

adjoining the Heywood Close on either Side; that the Petition Land is rated, in some of the Duplicates of the Land Tax he has seen, in Air. Solly's Name, and he never ^,)Uch Canal saw it in any body else's Name. — Then, Bill.

Mr. Samuel Webster, Clerk to Mr. Pestell, One of the Solicitors for the Bill, being examined, said, He went to Congeston in October last, for the Purpose of enquiring who the Land Owners and Occupiers were; but it was very difficult to tell, in an Open Field Land that had not been surveyed, who were the Owners of the Land the Canal would go over; that he applied for Information to Air. Croshaw, a Gentleman Farmer, of Shakleston, whose Farm joins to Congeston; to Joshua Hincks, a Butcher, at Congeston, who occupies some Land in the Field; to Air. Edward Hollis, a considerable Farmer of Congeston, and a Tenant of Mr. Curzon, and others; and to another Person, whose Name he don't recollect, who went with him, and gave him an Account of all the Land Owners, among whom Air. Jennens's Name was never mentioned; he did not apply to Richard Baxter, but enquired of those Persons whose Tenant he was; and enquired more than Once, both whom the Owners and Occupiers were. — And being asked, When he first heard of Air. Jennens being the Proprietor of any Lands in Congeston? he said, Not until the Day the Petition of the Landholders against the Bill was presented; and that he made the' Application with no other View than to the most ample Notification to all Persons concerned. — And being asked, When he went to Congeston to make this Enquiry, did he esquire of any Person who was the Assessor and Collector of the Land Tax ? he said, He did not; nor did not hear who they were in 1790, 1791, or 1792, not belonging to, or having any Property in Congeston. — And being asked, Why he did not ask Air. Baxter who his Landlord was ? he said, He meant only to apply to those who would consent at that Time, which was before the Line was surveyed; and being informed Baxter was Air. Curzons Tenant, he did not apprehend he would consent, and that a subsequent Time would do for that, One of his Objects being to canvass for Consents; that he received his Instructions from Mr.

Pestell, which were directed to both those Objects; but he was only to go to those that were supposed would be friendly, to prevent any improper Impression upon them by Mr. Curzon s Agents, and the others were to be gone to afterwards. — And being asked,

Whether he had a sufficient Knowledge of Business to know, that for the Purpose of ascertaining who are the Owners and Occupiers of Lands at the Election for a County, Access must necessarily be had to the Duplicates of the Land Tax Assessments ? he said.

He never once thought about it then; but he apprehends, now he is asked, it would. — And being asked, Whether he does not conceive, that for the Purpose of ascertaining the same Fact, namely, who are the Owners and Occupiers in a particular District,'

Access should likewise have been had to the same . Evidence? — he said, He don't apprehend it would be necessary unless there was some Doubt, and he had none, but that he had got a true Account of them. —

And being asked, Whether he meant to be understood, that he considered the Information he derived from Croshaw, Hollis, and Hincks, as equivalent to that which he might have received from the Duplicates of the Land Tax themselves ? he said, He never thought of them at that Time, being quite satisfied with the Account he had received, nor never looked at them until he saw them here. — And being asked, If he had had Possession of those Assessments at the Time he made Enquiry of those Persons, should he have thought it necessary to enquire of them ? he said, He should not; but he never thought of them; and supposes he should have been satisfied with the Assessment; but he thought the other as authentic. — And

8 N being

26° Aprilis. A. 1793.

Petition being asked, Whether he was quite sure that Mr. against Ash- Holus did inform him, that Mr. was the Pro-

prietor of Mr. Baxters Land? he said, He was. — ML aDal And being asked, How he came to apply to those Gentlemen, instead of applying to Mr. himself,

to know his Landlord ? he said, He knew those Gentlemen very well; but knew nothing of Mr.

Baxter, until he heard he was Mr.. s Tenant —

And being asked, What Instructions did Mr. Pestell give him ? he said, Mr. Pestell told him, that he had heard Mr. Curzon's Agents were canvassing for Dissents, and therefore it was necessary to go and obtain Consents, and to make out who the Land Owners and Occupiers were, as accurately as he could; and as it was difficult, in Open Common Field Lands, to know who was the Owner, he took Information who were the Owners of all; this was before the Line was settled. — And being asked, Whether he, at any Time afterwards, went to the Land Owners and Occupiers to give them Notice of the Bill? he said, To some of them; he went to One or Two, in Company with a Gentleman in that Parish; and also to Mr. Baxter's. who, he was told, was not at Home; and he never afterwards made any Application to Mr. . — And

being asked, For what Purpose he went to Mr. Baxter ? he said, For the Purpose of asking his Consent or Dissent. — And being asked, Why he did not esquire of Mr. Baxter who his Landlord was ? he said, He had no doubt but Mr. Hollis and the other Gentlemen were capable of telling him, for certain, who were Mr. Curzons Tenants; that he knew Mr.

enson, but did not know he was Steward to any other Gentleman than Mr. Curzon. — And being asked, Whether he supposed, as Steward to Mr. Curzon, he did not know Mr. Curzs Land ? he said, He had no Doubt but he did; but he never went to him to ask which was Mr. s Land. — And being

asked, If he thought if he had enquired of Mr. Baxter, and examined the Land Tax Assessment, that he would have made a more correct Enquiry who the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands were? he said, He now thought he should; but he never thought of that before. — And being asked, Whether it was usual to apply to the Steward of an Opponent, in order to get Information who who were the Owners and Occupiers ? he said, He never was employed in this Kind of Business before; but he should think the Steward a very unlikely Person to give any Information about it, and for that Reason he did not apply to Mr. Dickenson that he considered his Instructions were to collect an Account of all the Land Owners and Occupiers generally, and as the Line was not surveyed at that Time, he did not know that Mr. Baxter had any Land over which the Canal would go, therefore did not apply to him, as he knew he would be unfriendly if he did; he endeavoured to get the most accurate Account of the Owners and Occupiers, but applied only for Consents. — And being asked, After the Line was surveyed, if he at any Time applied either to Mr. Baxter, or Mr. Jennens ? he said, He never did. - — And being asked, How he could be certain, as the Line was not ascertained at the Time he made the Application, that in any one Instance the Information he received with respect to the Ownership or Occupancy of Lands over which the Canal is to pass, was correct? he said, That having in a former Part of this Examination, said, it had not been surveyed for this Purpose; but the same Line had been surveyed, and planned in 1780; so that he knew it went through Congeston, and that being an Open Field Place, he took an Account of all the Owners and Occupiers, but did not know whose Land it would go through. — And being asked, If he knew Samuel Orton he said, He does; and has had Conversation with him, which he communicated to the Surveyor, but not to the Canal Committee; Mr. Orton told him, Mr. Solly

was his Landlord; but he told him, he thought he

was mistaken, having been informed by Mr. Smith, the Surveyor, that it belonged to Mr. William . — And being asked, If he had had any Conversation with Mr. William Abney after that? he said, No; he had had some before; but he had a Conversation with Mr. Robert Abney, when he applied to Mr. William Abney for his Consent for the Land at Higham, he looked at the Plan, apd said, that he had given the Land to Mr. Robert Abney, and had nothing to do with it; he did not know the Name of the Land, it was the Land in the Occupation of Mr. Orton, over which the Canal is to pass; and he don't know that Mr. Abney has any other Land on the Line of the Canal, and believed that was his at the Time he applied to him in November or December 1792. — And being asked, What was his Reason for thinking that was Mr. William Abney's Land ? he said, Because Mr. Abney's Name was inserted in the Reference Book, as the Owner; and he believes Mr. Abney did consider that Land as his own, for he said nothing to the contrary when he pointed it but on the Map to him, and which he said he had given up to his Son — that he afterwards applied to Mr. Robert Abney, and told him, that Mr. Orton said the Land was not his, but Mr. Solly'sMr. Abney said, Mr. Orton was mistaken, it certainly was his Father's, and his Father had lately given it him. — And being asked, Whether, at the Time he applied to Mr. Orton, did Mr. Orton say positively, that the Land did belong to Mr. Solly, or did he speak douot-ingly? he said, Mr. Orton told him, at first, it belonged to Mr. Solly; but upon telling him, he believed he was mistaken, Mr. Orton said, he believed not; that the Witness then looking in the Reference Book, and at the Copy of the Reference Book made in 1780, and finding Mr. Abney's Name in both as the Owner, he then went to make Enquiry of Mr. Abney. — And being asked, If he ever mentioned to Mr. William Abney anything of the Heywood Closes ? he said, He never heard of Heywood Closes. — And being asked, Whether the different Closes through which the Canal was to go appears upon the Map r he said, He believes they do. — And being asked, Whether he knew that Mr. William Abney is the Landlord to Mr. Orton for other Lands in Higham? he said, He did not — And being asked, Whether Mr. William Abney is a Subscriber to this Canal ? he said, He is not now; he was One; but he does not know what Land it was for which he got a Share, but he thinks he had Nine. — And being asked, If Mr. Robert Abney told him he was the Owner of that Land in Mr. Orton's Occupation, through which the Canal was to pass ? he said, He did. — And being asked, If he made any Application to Mr. Solly, or to the Land Tax Assessment, after Mr. Orton had told him that Mr. Solly was his Landlord? he said, He never did; only to Mr. Robei't Abney, to whom this Application was made respecting the Land in the Occupation of Mr. Samuel Orton, and in the Plan is marked N° 39; but he did not refer Mr. Abney to that Part of the Plan. — And being asked, If he knew of the Canal's being intended to pass through other Land of Mr. Robert Abney's? he said, He did not know whether it did or not; but what he applied about, was that Piece of Ground solely. — And being asked, What Premiums do the Shares sell for; he said, He has heard Ten Guineas Advance. — And being asked, If he was sure he was accurate in the Description of the Land when he applied to Mr. Robert Abney ? he said, He applied to him to know whether he was the Owner of the Land in Higham; that he described it as a Part of the Land through which the Canal was to pass, in the Possession of Mr. Orton. — Then,

Mr. Robert Abney, a Justice of the Peace for Warwickshire, and Owner of a considerable Estate in the Neighbourhood, being examined, said, Mr. Webster

applied

691

applied to him for his Consent to a Canal through the Lands in the Occupation of Mr. at the

latter End of last Year, and told him he had been with Mr. Orton, who had told him, that the Land over which the Canal was to go, was the Property of Mr. Solly. — He then asked Mr. Webster, through what Part of Mr. Orton's Land it went, and on which Side of the Lane? who said, On the further Side. — That he then answered Mr. Webster, If it goes over the Land on the further Side, it is the Property of his Father, not recollecting at that Time, nor does he think he ever did know, that Mr. Solly had Two Closes of Land which lay unconnected with the larger Quantity, which was his Reason for saying the Land which he saw on the Plan, was the Property of his Father, of which Error he never was convinced till the Beginning of the last Month, when Mr. Dickenson, the Younger, came to his House, and told him, the Bill would be thrown out for Want of Form, for Mr. Solly, as a Land Owner, had never been applied to — And being asked, If when Application was made to him to consent, was the Line accurately described to him where the Canal was to go ? he said, It was not; and he is convinced he was in an Error. — And being asked, Whether, in Point of Fact, the Canal does pass on that Side of the Lane, for which his Consent was applied for, as considering it his Father's Property? he said, He don't know whether it does or not. — And being asked, Whether, in Point of Fact, he understands that the Canal is to pass on the further Side of the Lane? he said, There are Two Lanes, and he believes the Canal is to pass on the other Side of the Lane he alluded to; but as he understands now, not over his Father's Ground. — And being asked, If at any Time before his Conversation with Mr. Dickenson, he had seen the proposed Line of the Canal, should he have stated that the Closes through which it is intended to pass, and which now appears to belong to Mr. Solly, was his Father's Property ? he said, He had seen the Plan; and upon looking into the Book of Reference, and finding his Father's Name there, stating N® 39 to be his Father's Property, he took it for granted it was his Land that the Canal went over. — And being asked, to describe the Situation, and specify for what Property it was that Application was made for his Consent ? he said, he understood that Mr. Webster asked him for his Consent to go over the Land which was his Father's, at Higham; to which he answered, he had no Objection — that he saw no Plan then. — And being asked, If that Consent applied to the Land which now turns out to be the Property of Mr. Solly, in Mr. Orton's Possession, on the further Side of the Lane to which his Observation referred ? he said, Certainly not; for he did not know that Mr. Solly had any Land there. — And being asked, Whether, at the Time Mr. Webster applied to him for his Consent that the Canal should pass over his Father's Land, he imagined that Heywood Closes, which are Mr. Solly's, were his Father's? He said, he neither knew nor recollected, if ever he did know, that either Mr. Solly or his Father had any Property on that Side of the Lane leading from Higham to Stoke, where the Heywood Closes are. — And being asked, Whether, in Point of Fact, the Line of the Canal is on the further Side of the Lane to which he alluded ? he said, It certainly, in Point of Fact, goes on the other Side of the Lane now, but a considerable Way further than his Land goes. — And being asked, If he could possibly conceive, that when Application was made to him for his Consent to have the Canal go over his Father's Land, they could have alluded to any Land on the other Side of the Lane leading from Stoke to Higham f he said, Certainly not. — And being asked, Whether he did, in that Conversation, inform Mr Webster that his Father had any Land on the further Side of the Lane leading from Stoke to Higham ? he said, In the Evi-Vol. 48.

dence he has given, he has declared, that until last Petition Month he did not know or recollect, if he ever did know, that either his Father or Mr. Solly had any Cansil Land on that Side of the Lane. — And being asked, Bill. Whether he recollects being shewn by Mr. Smith, the Surveyor, the Plan of the Canal; and then being expressly asked, Whether the Plot of Land marked N*

39 was his Father's Property; and did he not then apprehend that N° 39 was his Property; and did he not then so represent it? he said, Upon seeing the Plan, and looking into the Book of Reference, in which Book he saw' his Father's Name as the Owner of the Land marked N° 39, he certainly apprehended that it was his Father's. — And being aked,

When that was ? he said, He believes the latter End of the last Year, at a Meeting at Ashby. — And being asked, If he examined the Lot preceding the One marked N° 39 ? he said, No, nor any of them. — And being asked, Whether he knew or supposed that his Father was in Possession of any Land that lay between the Reverend Mr. Liptrott's and Mr. William ?

he said, Certainly not. — And being asked, When , he supposed N® 39, on the Plan, to be his Father's Property, to what Close did he suppose N® 39 to refer to ? he said, He did not know to what particular Part of it.

— And being asked, If he supposed it to be a Part of the Land marked on that Plan with the Name of Mr.

William Abney ? he said, Certainly. — And being asked.

Whether the Signature to the Lease was his Hand Writing? he said, Yes.

Mr. John Smith, Land Surveyor, being examined, said he wfas employed by the Proprietors to go over a Line surveyed and planned by Mr. Whitworth, about Ten or Eleven Years ago, to adjust and get an accurate Account of the Land Owners and Occupiers on the Line. — And being asked, What he did in Consequence thereof in the Parish of Congcston? he said, He applied to Lord Wentworth's Tenants to go over the Fields with him, and give him an Account of the Land Owners and Occupiers on the Line, in October last, they refused to go with him until he had applied to his Lordship or his Agent; he did apply to Mr.

Lines, his Lordship's Agent. — And being asked, When he had obtained such Orders, what did he do in Consequence ? he said, He gave them to John Smith on the 25th of October, and appointed the 5th of'

November to go with him and the other Tenants along the Line over the Fields; John Smith, a Tenant of Lord Wentworth's, a considerable Farmer, John Chapman, another considerable Farmer, and William Hay-field, another Farmer of Congeston, were the Persons who went with him. — And being asked, If he inquired of those Persons, who were all the Land Proprietors on the Line? he said, He did, and they told him they knew all the Owners and Ocqppiers in the Fields. —

And being asked, If they informed him that any Part of the Land belonged to Mr. Jennens ? he said, They did not. — And being asked, To whom did they say that the Land occupied by Richard Baxter belonged ? he said, To Mr. Curzon. — And being asked, What is the Length of that Part of the Canal which will pass through the Lands in the Occupation of Mr. Baxter ? he said, About Forty Yards in the Whole. — And being asked, If he had' any Doubt that Mr. Curzon was the real Proprietor of the Land occupied by Mr.

Baxter ? he said, He had not. — And being asked, How he came not to apply to Mr. Baxter personally? he said, He did not apply to any of Mr. Curzon's Tenants, because he waited on Mr. Curzon, at Copshall, on the 9th of October, in Company with Mr. Pestell and Mr. 'Whitworth, when Mr. Curzon said, he objected to the Canal in toto; he therefore thought it indelicate to ask any of Mr. Curzon's Tenants to go along the Course of the Canal, and brought the Three Tenants of Lord Wentworth, who informed him, they knew all the Lands. — And being asked, If he purposely

omitted

26° Apr

A. 1793.

Petition

against

Bill-

omitted any Person who was even suspected by him not to apply to Mr. Solly \ he was so perfectly satisfied AthbUde la to be *ntereste(l in the Subject, or <Jid he make his that he did not think it necessary to apply to Mr. Solly. Zouch Canal Enquiries and Applications fully and diligently ? he He had no Doubt that Mr. Abney, who lives in the said, He did not purposely omit any Person but Mr. Parish of Higham, could possibly be mistaken. He Curzon s Tenants; he did make all the Enquiry he told him, that Mr. Orton, the Tenant, had said, that thought necessary. — And being asked, If he had any it was Mr. Solly's, he said, it did not go near Mr. Solly's, Acquaintance with the Owners of the Land? be said, the Lane was betwixt. — And being asked, If the Plan Before he applied to Lord Wentworth's Tenants, he knew but One Man in the Town of Congeston, and he was not a Farmer; he never saw Mr. Baxter, nor ever went to his House. — And being asked, If he had examined the Land Tax Assessments r he said, He had

shewn to Mr. Abney, has been compared with the One annexed to the Petition ? he said, It has. — And being asked, If he shewed Mr. Abney anything but the Plan? he said, He did not, except the Memorandum he received from the Country. — And being asked, If he

not; he did not conceive it was the best Mode of knew whether any Shares have been given to the Landgetting die Land Owners and Occupiers, because they holders in virtue of their several Lands ? he said, They are often incorrect; he should certainly get the best have been permitted to subscribe under a Resolution of Account of the Owners and Occupiers he could, but the Committee: He thinks every Eighth Part of a he was not employed to ask the Consents of the Land Mile entitles them to a Share. — And being asked, If Owners and Occupiers. — And being asked, if he had Mr. Robert Abney has been considered as entitled, in seen the Land Tax Assessments for Congeston? he said, virtue of his supposed Land? he said, Yes. — And being No. — And being asked, Upon what Ground he iim asked, If Mr. Solly has received any? he said, Not as he peached the Land Tax Assessment for Congeston ? lie knows of said, Because he believed it will appear, by the Evidence before the Committee, that the Estate, said to be purchased by Mr. Jennens in 1788, stood in the Duplicate of the Land Tax in the Name of Mr. Burch for Two or Three Years, and he believes, if he had the Duplicate in his Hands, he could shew that Richard Baxter rents

other Lands than those said to be Mr. Jennens's. — And

Thomas Strong Hall, Esquire, being examined said, That he lives in the next Parish to Congeston, is Lord of the Manor, and a Justice of the Peace. — And being asked, If he knew the Lands in the Occupation of Richard Baxter ? he said, He knows his House, but not all his Lands. — And being asked, What he knew concerning the Lands in the Possession of Mr. Baxter ?

being asked, If he was apprized of that Objection when he said, He believed the Whole of the Farm, until he applied to those Three Persons in preference to last 'Lady Day, belonged to Mr. Curzon. — And being consulting the Land Tax Assessment? he said, He was asked, If that was the general Opinion among the not apprized of that till within these Three Days, as Neighbours? he said, Yes, as far as he had had any to that particular Instance. — And being asked, If he Correspondence with them. — And being asked, If there was apprized at that Time of any particular Defect in is any other Fact within his Knowledge to induce him the Assessment for that Parish? he said, He was not to believe that? he said, Mr. Baxter came to him in that particular Parish, but he knew the Duplicates of with his Bill some Time before Lady Day last, he the Land Tax are often inaccurate. — And being asked, asked him what he wanted his Money for? he said, If he was applied to to survey the Line through Hig- It was the Rent Day at Copshall, but he believed ham ?he said, He was. — And being asked, From whom his Farm belonged to Mr. Jennens', which he (the he got the Information of the Land Owners and Oc- Witness) had not heard before. — And being asked, cupiers there? he said, From Two Persons, who live Who is Mr. Glen? he said, He is a Tenant of Mr. in Higham Parish, of the Names of Turner and and a Man of Property at' Bilson. — And

Dent\ he believes they are Farmers, and he was in- being asked, What Conversation he had with him? formed they were proper People to shew him the he said, Upon the Sale of Mr. Burch's Estates taking

Lands on the Line. — And being asked, If he made the Reference in the Book to N° 39 from all the Information he obtained ? he said, He did at the Time he received the Information. — And being asked, If he had any Reason, from Conversation with any Person whatever, to doubt that that Ground was the Property of Mr. Robert Abney ? he said, He never had any Reason to doubt it until Mr. Abney came to Town a Day or Two ago. — And being asked, If he ever had any Conversation with Mr. Webster upon this Subject ?

place, Mr. Glen informed him he wanted to be the Purchaser, could he have them upon reasonable Terms; but, not closing the Bargain, the Report of the Sale became public, and Mr. Curzon hearing of it, agreed for, and purchased them. — And being asked, If it had become material to him to know who was the Purchaser of Mr. Burch's Estate, should he have been satisfied that Mr. Curzon was the Owner? he said, Perfectly. — And being asked, If he should, upon that Information, have thought it a sufficient Ground to

he said, Never. — And being asked, If he recollected enter upon a Treaty for the Ground? he said, He

that Mr. Webster communicated to him, that Mr. Orton told him Mr. Solly was his Landlord ? he -said, Mr. Webster never acquainted him that Mr. Orton had

told him so. — And being asked, If he described the Land to Mr. Abney when he made the Application? he said, He did, as being in the Occupation of Mr. Orton, and shewed him the Plan. — And being asked, If he described what Land it abutted to ? he said, He did not.

Mr. Ellis. S. Pestell being examined, said, He applied to Mr. Robert Abney for his Consent to N° 39 on the Plan a few Days before the Petition was presented; he took the Plan to him, and pointed out on the Plan N° 39, and told him he had received a Memorandum from the Country, by which he was desired to ask Mr.

Abney, Whether that Land, marked N° 39, was his or Mr. Solly's ? and he told him, If he entertained any Doubt on the Subject, he (the Witness) must go to Mr. Solly, who lived in London. After looking at the Plan very attentively, he said, He was positive it was iiis Land, and not Mr. Solly's, and desired the Witness

should have enquired of no other Person. He knows Mr. Hollis, who holds the greatest Part of the Lands in Congeston. — And being asked, if Mr. Hollis was a proper Person to apply for Information to, with regard to the Owners and Occupiers of Land in Congeston ? he said, A very proper Person, having been born in the Parish, and served all the Offices. — And being asked, If Mr. Hollis had informed him that Mr. Curzon was the Owner of that Land, would that have satisfied him ? he said, It would. — And being asked, If he was not a Committee-man on this intended Canal ? he said, He is. — And being asked, If he had any Shares ? he said, not any; he had Seven, but sold them on Thursday last. — And being asked, If he sold the Shares for the Purpose of being a Witness here ? he said, For that Purpose. — And being asked, If he was a Petitioner for the Canal ? he said, He believed so. — And being asked, If before Lady Day he heard anything of this Land? he said, It was Part of Mr. Burch's Estate, whom he knew had Land in the Common Field. — And being asked, If he ever heard anybody

26° Ap.

69 3

body say this particular Spot belonged to Mr. Curzon ? he said, He don't recollect that he did; „ the Whole Estate belonged to Mr. Burch. — And being asked, If he ever saw the Land Tax Assessment ? he said, He must, being a Justice and Commissioner of the Land Tax for that Quarter: He don't recollect when he last saw the Land" Tax Assessment, and has not seen one since the Purchase. — And being asked, If the Tenant himself is not a fitter Person to apply to, to know his Landlord, than the Tenant of any other Person? he said, In his Opinion no more so than the Tenant of any other adjoining Lands. — Then,

Mr. Leonard Piddock being examined, said, That he applied to Mr. Baxter, of Congeston, for his Assent or Dissent; Mr. Chapman, a Tenant of Lord Wentworth's, was with him (meaning the same Mr. Baxter as was examined before the Committee) he thinks the Beginning of January, he was at Work in his own Shop; that he asked him if his Name was Mr. Richard Baxter ? he said, It was; that he then asked him, whether he was for or against the Canal? he said, He was against it; that he had the Book of Reference, or an Extract from it, in his Hand at the Time, but did not shew it to him. — And being asked, If he explained to Mr. Baxter, that the Canal was to pass over the Land occupied by him, and did he ask him for his Consent for that Land? he said, He did not describe that it passed over his Land, but asked him, whether he was for or against it? — And being asked, If he asked Mr. Baxter, who was his Landlord ? he said, He did not, nor did he think it necessary. — And being asked, If he ever applied to Mr. for his Assent ? he

said, He had not. — And being asked, If he applied to any Persons but Tenants ana Landlords, or reputed as such? he said, Certainly not.1 — And being asked, When this Conversation took place between him and Mr. Baxter, was he making a Circuit to obtain Information respecting the Land Owners and Occupiers, or to canvass for Assents or Dissents ? he said, To canvass for Assents and Dissents. — Then,

Mr. William Hayfield being examined, said, He was

One of the Collectors of the Land Tax for Congeston in 1792, and has lived, and rented a Farm there for Twenty-One Years. — And being asked, Who was the Owner of Mr. Baxter's Farm when he first knew it ? he said, Mr. Ball; Mrs. Ball succeeded him, her Sister succeeding her. — And being asked,. Who was the Owner before Mr. Jennens?he said, Mr. Burch. — And being asked. If he ever heard it reputed in the Country, or did he believe himself it belonged to Mr. Curzon ?he said, No; he never heard anybody say so. — And being asked, If he ever shewed the Land to Mr. Smith, or conversed with him about the Farm ? he said, He never did, he was poorly at the Time, but sent his Son to shew him the Ground he rented. — And being asked, How he knew the Ground was Mr. Jennens's? he said, He did not go with him, and believes his Son did not know it; that he knew the Land to be Mr. Jennens's, because every Body said it. — Then,

Mr. John Smith desired to inform your Committee, That his Conversation respecting the intended Canal passed between Mr. Hayfield the Son, instead of the Father, as he took him for the Tenant, but did not ask him, whether he was the Tenant of that Land; having his Name upon the Paper he took him to be the Tenant. — And being asked, If he was the Surveyor who constructed, the Plan? he said, He copied it from the old one; Mr. made it ori-

ginally; and he believes all the Closes are not distinguished; if a Landholder had Two Pieces together, and One Tenant, they were taken together. — And being asked, If any Person, unacquainted with the Manner of constructing it, could distinguish, by simple Inspection, his own Property from 'that of another Man's? he said, By looking upon the Plan, if he VoL. 48.

knew the Situation of his Estate, and the Roads near to it, he thought he might, without Explanation from the Surveyor; Mr. Abney, when he viewed the Lanes on the Map about it, said, N° 39 was his Property, because it laid on the further side of the Lane. — And . being asked, If he judged from Mr. Abney's having mistaken his Father's Property, that any Man could, from simple Inspection, ascertain his own Property ? he said, As well upon this Plan as upon any he ever sawr.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Touch, in the County of Leicester, to join and communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Griff, in the Lordship of Chilvers Coton, in the County of Warwick, and also certain Cuts or Branches from the said intended Canal, is committed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Willoughby Mpadows, and Pastures, within the Parish of Willough- on the by on the Woulds, in the County of , was Woulds in-

1 n a m* closure Bill

read a Second Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. pont, Mr. Henry Hobart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Day ap-whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Naviga- pointed for ble Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to join and communicate with the Coventry Ashby de la Canal, at or near Griff, in the Lordship of Chilvers Zouch Canal Coton, in the County of Warroick, and also certain Bill.

Cuts or Branches from the said intended Canal, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Order for the 20th Day of February last, " That Leave be given Southampto bring in a Bill for abolishing certain Dues, called g"|b^"r' " Petty Customs, and for improving the Trade and pacr't d!s-,n " Navigation of the Port of Southampton, for making charged.

" a convenient Dock for the Security of Ships, for " extending the Quays and Wharfs, and making Docks " and Piers in the Harbour there, for regulating the " Wharfage, and for imposing certain Duties for " those Purposes, for enabling the Corporation of the " said Town to exchange certain Lands and Hereditaments, and for regulating and Licensing Sedan " Chairs and Chairmen, within the said Town," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order, as relates to regulating and licensing Sedan Chairs and Chairmen within the said Town, be "discharged.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Taddington cording to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the and Hriest-several Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows and Pastures,

Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet of presented. Taddington and Priestcliff, in the Parish of and County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Shipley and Canal from the Collieries at Shipley and West WestHsllam

in the County of Derby, to the Erewash Canal, in the Emitted Parish of Stanton by Dale, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Coke of Derby, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

8 O Colonel

Inverness Highways ana lighting Bill presented.

Chelmsford Navigation Bill reported.

HerscheTs Nat. Bill reported, and passed*

Mr.Claxton's Bill passed.

694 26° Aprili 1793.

Colonel Macleod presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and repairing Highways and Bridges within the Shire of , and for lighting the Streets within the Royal Burgh of Inverness: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi-

Jjation from, or nearly from, the Town of Chelms-ord, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Colliers Reach, in or near the River in

the said County, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Robert Cooper Lee, of Bedford Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, as Attorney to

Julines Hering, of the Island of Jamaica, Esquire;

and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Mills, Wharfs, Quays, Granaries, Store Houses, and other Property, in, through, or near, which the intended Navigable Cut or Canal, to be called, The Chelmer and Blackwater Navigation, is proposed to be made, were severally referred; and who were instructed to examine into the Authority under which Mr. Cooper Lee acts as Agent to the said Mr. Hering; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and found that the said Mr. Lee acts under a Power of Attorney granted by the said Mr. , and dated

the 24th Day of March 1783; and that the Committee had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be taken into further Com. sideration, upon Wednesday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Wednesday " Morning next," and inserting the Words, " Monday " Sevennight," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Wednesday Morning next, stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Sir George Jackson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing William Herschel, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without aay Amendment: And he delivered die Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Robert Claxlon, of Bristol, Merchant, to take the Oath prescribed, and directed to be taken, by an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Robert Claxlon, of Bristol, Merchant, to take the Oath prescribed, and directed to be taken, by an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

Ordered, That the Lord Sheffield do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Sinclair presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making effectual the Statute Labour, and for levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the County of Caithness, and Part of the County of Sutherland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed by, or in pursuance of, Two Acts of Parliament, the one made and passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for reairing the Roads from Shrewsbury to Preston Brock-urst, to Shawbury, and to ShreykiM, in the County of Salop, and other Roads in the said County; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, bad not been complied with; but that Notice of the Application to Parliament, to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, was given in The Shrewsbury. Chronicle of the 21st and 28th of September and the 5th of October last, and that the like Notice was given on the Sessions House Door at Shrewsbury, at the Time of the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions; and that Notice was also given of the Application to Parliament for the Repair of the additional Road, mentioned in the Petitions, in The Shrewsbury Chronicle of the 29th of March last, and the 5th and 12th Days of this Iastant April, and on the Sessions House Door at Shrewsbury, at the Time of the last Easter Quarter Sessions, and also at the last Assizes held there, and that the said additional Road is only between Four and Five Miles in Length, and the Owners of the Lands and Estates, adjoining thereto, are consenting to its being put under the Care and Management of the Trustees under the above-mentioned Acts; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he reaid the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First-mentioned Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

William Smith, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which, now remain due; and that the said Roads cannot be sufficiently repaired, amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: — And the Witness added, That it will be necessary to make some Alterations in the Tolls, and also in the Exemptions therefrom.

Then, to prove the Allegations of the Second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Smith being examined, said, That

the

Caithness and Sutherland Statute Labour Bill presented*

Shrewsbury and Shrey-hill, &c. Roads Petition reported

33 Geo. III.

26° Apr His.

,695

r5n

& % ' < ^Ot*

r.' .

*r

.:5

5 .

f j *!*

rg

:j

3

ii

.-,i

e

n

House resolves to adjourn to Monday.

Committee od State of Commercial Credit to sit Tomorrow.

the Road leading from the Ellesmere Turnpike Road, through Harlescott, Uffingham, and Berwick, to join

the Turnpike Road leading from Shrewsbury to Watting Street, at Atcham, is in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of Law: — And the Witness added, That the repairing the said Road will be of Public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering ana enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to and

other Roads, in the County of Salop; and for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Shrewsbury to EUcsmere, through Harlescott, Uf-sington, and Berwick, to Atcham, in the said County: And that Mr. Hill and Sir Richard Hill do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 47. 1. 26. To leave out from " to M repairing," in I. 33.

1. 33. To leave out " and."

I. 34. After " ing" to insert " and itoproving."

To leave out from " Stocks" to " and, " in Pr. 48. 1. 3.

To leave out from " also " to " the,"

1- 39-Pr. 48. I. 3.

I. 10. 1. 11.

in 1. 4.

At the End of the Line to add " all."

To leave out " said; " and to leave out from " County" to " and, " in 1. 14. and insert

" Palatine of ," instead

thereof.

And the said Amendments were* upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accord-ini

Ordered, That the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the present State

ingjy.

Res

Onler for Third Read-ing ofSalford, Warrington, Arc. Roads Bill read.

esolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title War-be, An Act for repairing, widening, and improving, rington, &c.

r ----- ---- — ----- # ----- ----- --- - — r- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ---- 7 . certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Sdl- RoaJ® Bl1

of Commercial Credit, and to report their Opinion ford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain pas8e and Observations thereupon to the House, have Leave Places called The Broad Oak in and Duxbury

to sit Tomorrow, notwithstanding the Adjournment Stocks, and also the Road from a Place called South of the House. Sea, in Pendlebury, to Bridge, and from thence,

through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also The Order of the Day being read, for the Third from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for repealing an Brook, all in the County Palatine of

Orde, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year " of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing ana widening certain Roads leading to and u from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, " and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad. " Oak in Worsley, and Duxbwy Stocks, in the County u Palatine of Lancaster, for making more effectual " Provision for repairing and widening the said " Roads, and also, for making, altering, and widening, " the Road from a Place called South Sea, m Pcndle-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Lords into Consideration the Amendments made by the Amendments Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great oug corres-Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence pondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Ma- deferred, jesty's Enemies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into bury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence, through Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also from A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill (distin- priming D*

Petition from Birton upon Irwdl rejecting D° Bill.

" Brook, in the said County," and for making more effectual Provision for the Improvement, Repair, and Maintenance, of the said Roads;

A Petition of the Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Township of Barton upon in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That it is intended to set up several additional Bars on the different Branches of the said Roads (besides the Bar now standing at Pendleton) one of which is proposed to be erected on that Branch which leads through the Petitioners Township, in the Way between Manchester and the Town of Warrington, and which, with the Bar at Pendleton, would make Two on the Petitioners Road within the Distance of Two Miles; and that the Petitioners have laid out very

goishing the Amendments made thereto by the Lords) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House;

Bill.

Meg.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Carwen,

Mr. Whitbread, nior:

/Mr. Cawthorne, '(Mr. Henry Hobart So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Noes,

Ju- [ 16.

| 41.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committed a Committee of the whole House, to consider further on Brown's of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An divorce Bill. Act to dissolve the Marriage.of Edward Brown, Es-

considerable Sums of Money in the Repair of their quire, with Susannah Solley, his now Wife, and to ena-

said Roads, which are in good Repair: And therefore praying, That, during the Continuance of the Term at present in the said Turnpike Act, no additional Bar may be permitted to be erected on that Branch of the Road which leads from Manchester to Warrington, and that no Bar may be removed, or any Increase of Toll taken at the Bar at Pendleton.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

Vol. 48.

ble him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill, and that an Agent appeared on behalf of the Petition of Susannah Brown,

preferred

A. 1793.

Motion for adding Mr. Baker to Committee on State of Commercial -Credit.

Neg.

Bill to enable the Common Council of Liverpool to issue Negotiable Notes deferred.

West India Trade Bill reported.

Ways and Means deferred.

696 26° — 29°

referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, but did not oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. '

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Names of several Members being proposed to be added to the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the present State of Commercial Credit; and to report their Opinion and Observations thereupon to the House;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That William Baker, Esquire, be added to the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable the Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on Behalf and Account of the Corporation of the said Town, to issue Negotiable Notes, for a Time to be limited, and to a limited Amount.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies; and for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty, in the West Indies, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South America, and so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, into Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, from any Country belonging to the United States of America, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day be read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raisiu the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 29° die Aprilis;

Anno 33° Georgii III*" Regis, 1793.

Praters.

SIR Archibald Edmonstone reported from the Com- Glugowaod mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term Garscube and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Roaii , BlU Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George porUd' the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing several " Roads leading into the City of and of an-

other Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvin called The Milnford of Garscube, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Com- Glasgow ud mittee, to whom the Bill for completing, repairing, Port Dundas and maintaining the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Port Dundas, and from Port Dundas repo e' to the High Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Garscube Bridge, by Dobbie's Loan, in the County of Lanerk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be . true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Petition for Town Council, of the City of Glasgorw, for themselves, and on behalf of the Community of the said City, Glasg(m was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, church IE That it was intended, during the last Summer, to apply to Parliament for an Act for opening certain Streets and Passages in the City of Glasgm, and for removing Obstructions in the TrStreet, and also for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street, and for regulating the Weight and Measure of Coals, and the Mode of carrying Wood and Timber on the Streets of the said City, and for enlarging the Gaol or Tolbooth there, and for giving Powers to the Petitioners for selling Part of the High or Calton Green, and also the Glebes belonging to the Cures of the High Church, and of 6 the

1

‘ id

:^‘-n

1 ',

33 Geo. Ill*

39°Apri

ml

; Coot ,v. 'icnit!

Sftfij

frail ofjj. a tie

' f-t'2 *al

4 a *1

hi

-3

', l£

lit

-c;

the Barony Parish adjacent thereto, and the Standing Orders of the House were duly complied with, for the Purpose of making such Application to Parliament, but some Difference of Opinion having arisen respecting the building of the Bridge, a Petition for the Purposes aforesaid was not presented to the House previous to the last Day appointed for receiving Petitions for private Bills; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave has been given to bring in a- Bill for re-building the Tron Church of the City of Glasgow, and the Differences being now settled with respect to the Bridge intended to be built over the River Clyde, it would be very convenient that the several Matters and Purposes aforesaid should make Part of, and be carried into Execution, at the same Time that the Church is re-built: And therefore praying, That, in the said Bill for re-building the said Church, Provision may be made for the several Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Frederick Campbell, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet

Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

d t-

- n

loch Gi!p An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Na-md Loch vigable Cut or Canal from Loch to Loch Crinan,

Crinan Caual in Shire of Argyll, was read the Third Time. pas8e ' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to Loch , in the Shire of

Argyll.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

River Mersey, to this Bridge at TVHmstow, in the said County of Chester, as relates to the Road from Ardwick Green, by Didsbury School House, to the Bridge at

Wilmsiow aforesaid, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the said Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sic. Robert Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Crewe, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber*

A Bill for repealing so much of Five several Acts, Hurdiow passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late House Road Majesty King George the First, in the Third, Twenty- p"rt streets, second, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his Bill com* late Majesty King George the Second, and in the' mitted. Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hurdlow through

Burton and Hernestone Lane Head, and Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in the Frith, all in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and from ArdwickGreen, near Manchester aforesaid, and from the School House in Didsbury, in the said County of Lancaster, over Cheadle Ford, across the River Mersey, to the Bridge at Wilmsiow, in the said County of Chester, as relates to the Road from Hurdloio House through Buxton and Hernestone Lane Head and Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in the Frith, and the Town of Stockport, to Manchester aforesaid, and for making

more effectual Provision for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the said Road, and for widening and improving certain Streets in the said Town of Stockport, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Crewe, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

if

:<n

as

as

to

ce;

mi-

tt

U-0 a x 0 11 t

Sir George Douglas presented to the House, accord- Kelso and Southampton Mr. Amyatt presented to the House, according to ing to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening that Harbour,&c. Order, a Bill for abolishing certain Dues, called Petty Part of the Road, leading from Kelso towards the Town presented,

seated* Customs, and for improving the Trade and Navigation of Selkirk, which lies to the Eastward of the Turnpike

of the Port of Southampton, for making a convenient Road leading from Jedburgh to Lauder, which crosses Dock for the Security of Ships, for extending the Quays the River Teviot near to the Town of Kelso, and the and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Hoad leading from Kelso towards Coldstream, to the Harbour there, for regulating the Wharfage, and for Place where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from imposing certain Duties for those Purposes, and for Greenlaw to Coldstream, and from Kelso, through

enabling the Corporation of the said Town to exchange Ednam, to Orange Lane, in the Parish of Eccles, in the

certain Lands and Hereditaments: And the same was County of and from Ednam to Edenfoot, and

received; and read the First Time. from to Cornhill, in the County of Durham: And

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Wwirham A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain

Inclosure Bill Commons or Waste Lands within the Town, Manor, A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Petition comm e . Qr of JVeaverham, in the County of Chester, Owners of Land iw North Britain; was presented to the against the

was read a Second Time. House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners Bill for

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert are informed, that a Bill has been brought into the the*Powers Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Crewe, &c: And they are to House for defining and regulating the Powers of the of the Commeet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Lords Commissioners for Valuation of Teinds and mission of Speaker's Chamber. Plantation of Kirks in Scotland, whereby sundry Pro- g^Mand*

visions ore proposed to be made for the Augmentation Ardwick A Bill for repealing so much of Five several Acts, of the Stipends of the Clergy of the Established Church

Wlmstow passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late of Scotland, for the Management of Glebes and Vacant

jSZ Majesty King George the First, in the Third, Twenty- Stipends, and for enlarging and explaining the Powers

committed, second, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his of the Court in granting Augmentations, and localling

late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Stipends, and other Purposes: And, that the Interest

Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for of the Petitioners being materially affected by some

repairing the Road from Hurdlow House, through of the Provisions proposed to be made by the said

Buxton and Hernestone Lane Head and Sparrow Pit Bill, therefore praying, That they may be beard, by

Gate, through Chapel in the Frith, all in the County of their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law,

Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County in as far as respects the Provisions by which they appre-of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, hend that they and other Landholders in Scotland will and from Ardwick Green, near Manchester aforesaid, be injured.

and from the School House in Didsbury, in the said That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

County of Lancaster, over Cheadle Ford, across the until the Report be received from the Committee Vol. 48. 8 P of

29° Ap

A. 1793.'

Bicester In-dosure Bill passed.

Of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defining Open and Common fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, and regulating the Powers of the Commission of Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Teinds, or Tythes, in augmenting and modifying the Parishes of and Morston, in the County of Nor-

Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland, is committed; and folk, and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheep-that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, walk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they and Grounds within the said Parishes; without any thin If fit. Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for TLeLonb

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open vesting the settled Estates of Francis Esquire, hsveP»»«i

and Common Arable Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and GUitvaie'j

— - - for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Lands E*18*

and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

33 Geo. Ill

Hiding of the County Town, to Hull North i Road from the present I through the Townships < Guide Post in Flinton Smt, in the same Rid Orimi, That Mr.. to the Lords, aoddesi

Lands, lying and being within the Township of cester-Kings-End, otherwise in

the Parish of Burcester, otherwise Bicester, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Township of Burcester-King's-End, olhermseBicesler-,in the

Parish of Burcester, otherwise Bicester, in the County of Oxford,

Ordered, That Mr. Page do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry i to whom the Bill for Derwent, at or near 1 a the County of Fori thereto, was re-comi jade several other A lad directed him to

Lord IV'dliam Russell reported from the Committee, Pen8e Inf'0, ® Report in his PI to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common, Wlt'1 Amen

or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Penge Common, p°rt ^ere the Amendn lying within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been com-

aid then a Second rl Question severally pi

Ordered, That tb

Maidstone and Ashford Road §ill committed.

plied with; and that the Committee had examined the A Bill for amending, widening, shortening, improving. Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wren's Cross, true; and that the Committee had gone through the in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which through the West or Lower Harrietsham Street, by they had directed him to report to the House; and HarrietshamChurch, and throughLenhamand Charing, he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards de-~ ~~ ' ' livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Fill, to exempt the Archbishop of from the Expences of the Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the

to Barrow Hill, in Ashford, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Knatchbull, Mr. Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Kockwardine Mr. Kynaston reported from the Committee, to and Shrews- whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi-

Bil7reported Pa^e Canal from the North End of the Shropshire Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Canal, in the Township of Rockwardine Wood, in the made Part of the Bill.

County of Salop, to the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lords have agreed to

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

Islington Bn- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An rying Ground Act for enlarging the Church Yard, or Cemetery, of the Parish Church of Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex; without any Amendment: And also,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Petition ia Nottingham Canal, was presented to the House, and favour of read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application hath been made for a Bill to make a Navigable Canal from the Trent and Mersey Canal, at or near Shardlow, in the County of Derby, to the Canal of the Petitioners at Lcnton, near to the Town of Nottingham: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarg- Hedon atd ing the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth ►|"J* Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the 1211 paSstA Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, commonly called Saci'ed Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Iiedon, in the East Riding of the County of York, through the said Town, to Hull North

C.stlethorpe The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bridge, and for amending the Road from the present ! J j-j T" '1 Turnpike Bar in JVyton Holmes, through the Townships

of and Sproatlcy, to the Guide Post in Flinton

near Humbleton Moor House, in the same Riding, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and

laclosure Bill, for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Castlethorpe, in the County of Buckingham; without any Amendment: And also,

St.Cuthl*rt'» The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An IuclobureUilL ^ct for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain

en-

Moore, Commons, or Waste Lands, lying and being larging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Eigh-within the Out Parish of Saint Cuthbert, in Wells, in teenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

without any Amendment

StilTkcy and Mortton Inclosure Bill.

the County of Somerset;

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for

dividing,

allotting, and inclosing, certain

George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, commonly called Sacred Gale, on the South East Side of the Town of , in the K;wt

Ridin >

ao

An ingrossed Bil Act for vesting the < Esquire, in the Co sold, and for laying in Lands and Hen thereof, was read th Resolved, That tt

Mr. Hill present -der,a Bill for com enlarging the Pow the Twenty-ninth1 the Second, andr Majesty, for rep* ?rtstofi Brockhur other Roads, in 1 ing the Road lea Simsbury to Ell and Berwick, to / same was receive Resolved, That

Mr. Lygon xt\ foe ingrossed Bil ior vesting the J Counties of War certain other Estai hnrick, late the deceased, in Trus arising thereby to Estates, to be sett! be sold by this That the Commit te Bill, and foum Tatties concerned ta the Satisfactioi lommittee had d loose, without i > Bill in at the ( And the said B; liked, That Ordered, That wfe; and acqi *fttd to the sann

A Bill for enh 1 % '^d regulat ^County of Ca

Med, That fc, Mr, £ Vol. 48,

33 Geo. IIL 296

69

Riding of the County of York, through the said Town, to Hull North and for amending the

Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Wyton through the Townships of and Sproatley, to the

Guide Post in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor House, in the same Riding.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

North Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, DuMdard to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River tickre- Derwent, at or near Bubu Ferry, in the East Riding committed of the County of York, and making proper Approaches Billrepoited. thereto, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

| and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

j Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

fibnville's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An I kweBiU Act for vesting the settled Estates of Francis Glanvilte, ,n‘ Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Shrewsbury Mr. Hill presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and y " *t_ enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, made in (i the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to and

other Roads, in the County of ;and for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Shrewsbury to Ellesmere, through and Berwick, to Atcham, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read u. Second Time.

Ptmti'i Air. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom re'rted'and ingro6Sed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ' for vesting the Navigation of the River Avon, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and Gloucester, and certain other Estates in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, late the Property of George Perrott, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Monies arising thereby to be applied in the Purchase of other ]!: Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as those directed

ii- to be sold by this Act are now settled, was committed;

1 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time, i Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath . agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Bill for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improv-I committed! *n§> and regulating, the Harbour of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr. Bankes, &c.: And they are to meet Vol. 48.

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improv- Amlwch ing, and regulating, the Harbour of Amlwch, in the Harbour Bill Isle of Anglesey, was read a Second Time. commute.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr. Bankes, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. '

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Order for St. Tuesday last, " That Leave be given to bring in a " Bill for making a new Street from Saint George's at°d pav'ing,

" Road, in the Parish of Christchurch, in the County \c. Bill in " of Surrey, through Holland's Leagure, into and across Part dis*

" The Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, charge<1‘

" in the said Parish, and for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the said Street, and " for discontinuing, as a Public Highway, Part of a " Street call The Upper Ground Street, in the said " Parish," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order, as relates to the paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the said Street, be discharged.

An ingrossed Bill for amending an Act, made in Blything the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in- poor tituled, " An Act for the better Relief and Employ- pa"‘ *

" ment of the Poor in the Hundred of Blything, in the County of Suffolk," and for granting some further Powers and Provisions for carrying the same more effectually into Execution, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the " Poor in the Hundred of Blything, in the County of " Suffolk," and for granting some further Powers and Provisions for carrying the same more effectually into Execution.

Ordered, That Sir John Rous do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Curwen, according to Order, reported from the Ashby de la Committee, to whom the Bill for making and main- Zouch Canal taining a Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in ®l11 reported, the County of Leicester, to join and communicate with the Coventry Caual, at or near Griff, in the Lordship of ChilversCoton, in the County of and also

certain Cuts or Branches from the said intended Canal, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Coventry Canal Navigation; and also, the Petition of the several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of Lands through which an intended Navigable Canal from Ashby de la Zouch, in the County of Leicester, to join and communicate with the Coventry Canal, at or near Griff, in the County of Warwick, or through which certain proposed Navigable Cuts or Branches from Ashby de la Zouch aforesaid, to or near Ticknall, in the County of Derby, Staunton Harold,

Cloud Hilt, and Coleorton, in the said County of Leicester, is and are designed, if made, to pass, or being Inhabitants of the Townships near the Line of the said intended Canal, or proposed Cuts or Branches; and also, the Petition of Penn Assheton Curzon, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Tradesmen, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the Second and Third mentioned

Petitions,

BH1 to amend Kirk by Kendal Canal Act deferred.

Mr. Mudge*s Petition reported.

Petitions, and had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel, no Person appearing in Support of the First and last mentioned Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Friday last, was m^de from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Jennens, of Acton in the County of Suffolk, Esquire, and Samuel of Great Ormond Street, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, being respectively Owners and Occupiers of Lands within the several Parishes of Congeston, and Higham on the Hill, in the County of Leicester, was referred, and which Report was then ordered to lie upon the Table until the Report should be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further-Consideration upon this Day Three Months;

The House was moved. That the Standing Order of the House, of the 7th Day of June 1792, directing that, before any Application is made to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for making any Cut or Canal for the Purposes of Navigation, a previous Application shall be made to the Owners, or reputed Owners; and Occupiers, of the Lands through which any such Cut or Canal is intended to be carried, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yens,: } 7*

Tellers for ehe Noes, } 63.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a " Navigable Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County " of Westmorland, to West Houghton, in the County " Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch " from the said intended Canal, at or near " to or near Warton Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or near, Galemoss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of " Lancasterand also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near Galgate, to Glasson Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Windham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Mudge, Watchmaker, was. referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

delivered it in at the Clerk'6 Table \ Where the same was read; and is as followeth, viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Dutton being examined, said. That the Petitioner hath devoted much of his Time and Attention to the Improvement of Time-keepers, for ascertaining the Longitude at Sea, and having, in the Year 1774, completed One of his Thne-keepers, it was submitted to a Trial by the Board of Longitude, and that the Commissioners, after a competent Trial, requested Mr. Mudge to proseoute his Invention, that by having Two Time-keepers of the same Construction, he might become properly a Candidate for the Rewards offered for Inventions of this Kind by Act of Parliament, and the Commissioners of Longitude granted him Five hundred Pounds to assist him therein. — Being asked, Whether he understood that Mr. Mudge continued his Labours by the Direction of the Board of Longitude? he said, Yes; and that Mr. Madge's Time-keeper was submitted to the Board of Longitude about the Year 1774.

Mr. Aaron Graham, being then examined, said. That he was Secretary to the late Vice Admiral -, bdl, when he was , Commander in Chief on the Newfoundland Station, and was employed by him in the Care of the Time-keepers which he had on Board, in keeping a Register of their going, and forming the Calculations thence arising. — That in Two of the Voyages to Newfoundland, made during that Time, the Admiral had with him a Time-keeper of the Petitioner's, which was found to go with so much Accuracy, and to determine the Longitude within so trifling a Distance, that he has heard Admiral Campbell say, that it. answered every Purpose that could be desired from it; and he has heard him further declare, that he was exceedingly astonished how a Machine could be made by Man, that could come so near the Truth. — The Admiral further said, he was convinced that the Introduction of Time-keepers upon that Principle into the Navy would be of great Advantage to the Public; and that he would not go to Sea without one if it could be procured. — And he further declared, that Mr. V

Time-keeper went the best he had ever known one to go, and that in particular he preferred the Principle of Mr. Mudge's Time-keeper to that of Mr. Harrisons. — And being further examined, he said, That in the Voyages above referred to, the Admiral had no Timekeeper of Mr. Arnold's. — That Mr. s Time-

keepers did, in various Instances, in those Voyages ascertain the Longitude with great Exactness, and both out and home they were never disappointed in their Reckoning kept by Mr. Mus Time-keepers more than Ten Miles Distance, and in One of those Voyages it ascertained the Longitude of the Edystone within Two Miles at farthest. — Then,

His Excellency Count Bruhl being examined, said. That he has heard Vice Admiral Campbell speak of Mr. Madge's Time-keepers in nearly the same Terms Mr. Graham has stated — And that it appears from the Register kept by Admiral Campbell, in the Hand Writing of Mr. Graham (and which is now in his Possession) that the Longitude was ascertained within a few Miles Distance — That as a Reason for thinking the Principles of Mr. Mudge's Time-keeper permanent, he has had One in his Possession about Twelve Years, which has been made Nineteen Years, during which Twelve Years the said Time-keeper has not, in any One Year of the Time, varied from itself in its daily Rate of going more than about Seconds, and that he understands it has gone with nearly equal Excellence in the Hands of Dr. Hornsby, Dr. Heberden, Dr. and Dr.

Zach. — Being asked. Whether he is acquainted with the Construction of this Machine? he said. He was. — Being asked, Whether he is acquainted with the Principles of any other? he said, Yes. — Being then asked, Whether he thinks that Mr. Madge's Machine is constructed on Principles calculated to preserve its Exactness for a

great

great Length of Time ? he said, Yes. — Being asked, Whether he knows the Principles of any other Timekeeper? he said, Yes.' — He was then asked, to explain the Difference of its Principle with respect to its Permanency ? to which he said, He thinks it more permanent than any other, but that he does not think himself at Liberty to explain it in the present Stage of the Business. — Being asked, If he knows any thing of Mr. Arnold's Time-keepers? he said, Yes, he knows of some of them. — Being asked, What he understands to have been the Excellence of those Time-keepers ? he said, That many of them have gone well, and many of them very ill. — Being asked, Whether he knows any thing of that which had been under the Care of the Astronomer Royal about the Year 1780? he said, He had seen the Register, but he had not looked into it for several Years. — Being asked, If he recollects sufficiently of the Register, to say whether he thinks Mr. Arnold's Watch was equal in the Regularity of its Rate of going to that of Mr. Mudge si he said, He recollects it went with great Regularity, but it is his Opinion that not many could be made which could be relied upon. — Being asked, How many Hundred of those Timekeepers does he believe to have been made by Mr. Arnold? he said, He does not know. — Being asked, "Whether there are not many of Mr. Arnold's Timekeepers in the Hands of the Public, on Board the East India Company's Ships, and in the Navy ? — he said, He believes so.

Mr. Tiberius Cavallo being examined, w'as asked, Whether he is acquainted with the Construction of Mr.

Mudge's Time-keeper ? he said, He is. — Being asked, Whether he thinks that this Machine is constructed on Principles calculated to preserve its Exactness for a

freat Length of Time? he said, Yes. — Being asked, f he knew the Principles of any other Time-keeper ? he said. Yes. — Being asked. If he could explain the Difference of its Principle with respect to its Permanency ? he said, He thinks it more permanent than any other, but he does not think himself at Liberty to explain it in the present Stage of the Business. — Being asked, Whether he is of Opinion, from what he knows of the Construction of Mr. Arnold's Machine, and of other Makers, and of Mr. M; more Reliance can be placed on those of Mr. Mudge's ? he said, He thinks Mr. Mudge's are incomparably more to be relied on; that he judges from the Construction of them, and not from having had any Opportunity of trying the m. — Being asked, If it would take more Time to make a Watch of Mr. Mudge's Construction than Mr. Arnold's ? he said, If the Instruments necessary were properly prepared, he thinks Mr. Mudge's may be made as soon as Mr. Arnold's.

Mr. William Dutton, being further examined, said, That in the Month of June 1789 Mr. Mudge completed Two Time-keepers on the same Construction as his former One, which were placed in the Hands of the Astronomer Royal, where they remained upwards of Twelve Months, and that the Commissioners of Longitude declared, upon the Report of Dr. that they had not gone within the Time limited by the Act.

Mr. Aaron Graham, being then further examined, said, He has seen the Register of the Astronomer Royal of the going of Mr. Mudge's Two Time-keepers.

— And being asked, Whether, according to the Mode of Calculation which he should have thought most proper, the Time-keepers had, upon the Statement contained in those Registers, gone within the Limits prescribed by the Act ? he said, He thinks if the proper Mode of adopting a daily Rate had been used, such as he should have used himself if the Time-keepers had been entrusted to his Care for a Six Months Voyage, they, would both have gone within the Limits prescribed by the Act. — Being asked, What Mode he would have adopted? he said, He would have adopted a Mode of taking a Rate from One Month and applying Vol. 48.

that to the Six following Months, and if the Voyage Mr. Mudge's had continued, of taking a Rate from the last of those Peution re‘ Six Months, and applying it to the Six Months follow- port*‘ ' ing the m.

Then his Excellency Count Bruhl being further examined, said, That he has seen the Register of the Astronomer Royal of the going of Mr. Mudge's Two Timekeepers. — Being asked, Whether the Method followed by the Astronomer Royal in determining from those Registers whether the Time-keepers had gone within the Limits of the Act, is the same which he would have employed for that Purpose? he said, He should have adopted another Method, such as he had Occasion to set forth in Print in the Year 1784 or 1785. — Being asked,

Whether he thinks the Period of a Mouth insufficient to ascertain the Rate of going of a Time-keeper ? he said,

Within certain Limits he is of Opinion that a longer Period is preferable to a shorter one, but that whatever Period is chosen, it is desirable that it should precede immediately the period to which it is applied.

Mr. Graham being again examined, was asked, Whether he is sure that both Mr. Mudge's Watches have never deviated Four Minutes from Mean Time during the whole Period of Six Months? he said. Yes. — Being asked, Whether he knows, or believes it possible to know, within what Limits the Fluctuations in the Rate of a Time-keeper are to be ascertained, and if not, whether that Period, within which all the Errors of the Astronomical Part of the Experiments are reduced to an infinitely small Quantity, is not perfectly sufficient to draw a legitimate Conclusion of the Experiment as to the going of the Time-keeper? to the First Part he said, No; and to the other Part he said, He is of Opinion, judging by Experience, that a short Period is not so good as a longer, even though the Rate during each be ascertained with equal Accuracy. — Being asked, Whether, during the Two Voyages to News he found Mr. Mudge's Time-keepers liable to be affected by the Motion of a Ship, or to require more Attention in keeping them from Injury than is necessary for every Instrument of that Sort? he said, No; he carried it Twice to Portsmouth, and brought it from thence to Town as often in a Post Chaise, by the Motion of which it was not at all affected — That One Year on his Return to Town, and taking it in a Hackney Coach to his own House from Charing Cross to Russell Street Bloomsbury, in going up Saint Martin's Lane, he had Occasion to put

up the Glass of the Window to keep out the Rain, which as he could not do with One Hand, he was obliged to take the other from the Time Piece, which was upon the Seat of the Coach, and w'hich by a sudden Jolt was thrown from the Seat into the Bottom of the Coach, notwithstanding which he did not find it at all affected in its Rate of going — That he was particularly attentive to it after the Accident, but found do Alteration in the Rate of going.

Mr. Thomas Mudge, Junior, being then examined, w'as asked, What would be the Price of Mr. Mudge's Watch, and how long Time would be required to make One ? he said, The Price would be about 60 Guineas (supposing it to be an Article of General Manufacture) and the Time would be about Four Months.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Select Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and do also make Enquiry into the Principles on which Mr. Mudge's Time-keepers have been constructed, and report their Opinion thereupon to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdlers for the Ye.s.{J}j; } 101

Tellers for the } 3»-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

8 Q And

Bill to amend Act relative to Publication of Notices of Time and Place of Elections, deferred.

Committee on State of Commercial Credit to report from Time to Time.

Report Commercial Credit.

And it is referred to Mr. JVtndham Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fox, Mr- , Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Mr. Sir Gilbert

Elliot, Mr. Bragge, Mr. Secretary Dundas, Sir William

Scott, the Lord Sheffield:And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Note. The Master of the Rolls, Mr. Hawkins Browne, and Mr. Wilbrawere also proposed

to be of the said Committee; but the said Members desiring to be excused, their Names were withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King Williary the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further regulating " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and " for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs " and other Officers in the electing and returning " such Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Select Committee, who are appointed to take into Consideration the present State of Commercial Credit, and to report their Opinion and Observations thereupon to the House, have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

The Lord Mayor of London reported from the Select Committee, appointed to take into Consideration the present State of Commercial Credit, and to report their Opinion and Observations thereupon to the House; and who were empowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have thought it incumbent on them, in proceeding to execute the Orders of the House, to direct their Attention to Three principal Points:

First. — Whether the Difficulties at present experienced, or the Probability of their Continuance and Increase, are of such urgent Importance to the Public Interest, as to require the Interposition of the Legislature.

Secondly. — On the Supposition that such Interposition should be deemed necessary, what is the most practicable and effectual Plan which can be adopted for giving Relief.

Thirdly. — What Means can be suggested for preventing the Renewal of similar Inconveniencies.

The Consideration of the First and Second Head appeared in some Measure blended together; and the Third, though of great Importance, appearing to

he less urgent in Point of Time, your Committee have thought it proper to submit to the House such Considerations as occurred to them upon the Two First Points, reserving the latter for a separate Report.

Under the First of these Heads, the Notoriety of

Failures to a considerable Extent, the general Embarrassment and Apprehension which has ensued, a Consideration of the necessary Connection between different Mercantile Houses, and their Dependence on each other, and the Influence which the State of Commercial Credit must have upon the Trade, the Revenue, and general Interests of the Country, appeared sufficient, without minute Examination, to satisfy your Committee that the present Situation strongly called for an immediate and effectual Remedy, if any practicable Plan could he suggested for that Purpose.

In Addition to this, the Committee had an Opportunity of collecting, from several of their own Members, Information, grounded either on their general Observation upon the Subject, or on their own immediate and personal Knowledge.

Your Committee, understanding that some Suggestions on this Subject had been laid before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, on the Part of several Persons of great Eminence and Respectability in the City of,

w ere of Opinion that a Communication of these Suggestions, would be very material to the Objects of their Enquiry, with a View of ascertaining the Opinion of Persons of this Description, both with respect to the Necessity of some Remedy, and to the particular Mode in which it might be applied.

The Chancellor of the Exchequer accordingly laid before the Committee a Paper which had been delivered to him on the 23d Instant, by the Lord Mayor and Mr. Bosanquet; which is inserted in the Appendix to this Report: He also stated to the Committee, the Circumstances which had led to this Paper being drawn up. — That he had received Representations from many different Quarters, which induced him to believe, that the Failures which had taken place, had begun by a Run on those Houses who had issued Circulating Paper without being possessed of sufficient Capital, but that the Consequences had soon extended themselves so far as to affect many Houses of great Solidity, and possessed of Funds ultimately much more than sufficient to answer all Demands upon them, but which had not the Means of converting those Funds into Money, or Negotiable Securities, in Time to meet the Pressure of the Moment. — That the sudden Discredit of a considerable Quantity of Paper which had been issued by different Banks, in itself produced a Deficiency of the Circulating Medium, which, in the ordinary Course of Things could not be immediately Te-placed, and that this Deficiency occasioned material Inconvenience in Mercantile Transactions. — That in Addition to this immediate Effect, these Circumstances also were represented to have induced Bankers and others to keep in their Hands a greater Quantity of Money than they thought necessary in the usual Train of Business, and that large Sums were thus kept out of Circulation, and great Difficulty arose in procuring the usual Advances on Bills of Exchange, particularly those of a long Date. — That many Persons were said to be possessed of large Stocks of Goods, which they could not at present dispose of, and on the Credit of which they could not raise Money — That this occasioned an Interruption of the usual Orders to Manufacturers, which Circumstance, together with the Interruption of the Means by which they were enabled to make their Weekly Payments, tended to prevent the Employment of a Number of Persons engaged in different Manufactures. — That these Evils were represented as likely rapidly to increase to a very serious Extent, if some extraordinary Means were not adopted to restore Credit and Circulation. — That in consequence of these Representations, he had desired a Meeting of different Gentlemen, in order to obtain the best Information in his Power, respecting the Extent of the Evil, and the Possibility and Propriety of any Measure to remedy it. — That after u much

much Discussion, all the Gentlemen present seemed to agree in a very strong Opinion of the Extent of the Evil, though many Objections at first occurred to any Plan for remedying it. — That in the Result, it was agreed to desire the Gentlemen whose Names were mentioned in the Paper now delivered, to meet the next Day at the Mansion House, to consider more particularly the Proposal for the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a certain Amount, to be advanced under proper Regulations, for the Accommodation of such Persons as might apply for the same, and likewise the Objections to which such a Proposal might be liable; and that the Paper which he had laid before the Committee, con-mined the Opinion of this Second Meeting.

The Chancellor of the Exchequer also gave an Account to the Committee of an Application that had come within his Knowledge for the Accommodation and Support of a House connected with a very important Manufacturing District; that the Sum wanted for the Support and Accommodation of this House was comparatively small, and the Security proposed, as he had understood from very good Authority, was admitted to be unquestionable, but that the Application had hitherto been ineffectual.

The Lord Mayor informed the Committee, That in Conformity to the Statement mentioned by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Eleven Gentlemen met at the Mansion House on the 23d, selected principally from that Part of the preceding Meeting, who had expressed the greatest Difficulties in finding out a Remedy; and after a long Discussion upon the Subject, they unanimously were of Opinion, that the Interposition of Parliament was necessary, and that an Issue of Exchequer ' Bills, tinder certain Regulations and Stipulations, was the best practicable Remedy.

Your Committee also received Information from Mr. Thornton, Mr. Alderman An and Mr. Cfiiszcelt, Members of this Committee, with respect to Instances which had fallen under their personal Observation, to the following Effect:

Mr. Thornton represented, That he was at this Time

acquainted with the Situation of Five or Six Mercantile 1 Houses, who were in the Possession of large Quantities Of Goods, the Produce of which would give them effectual Relief, but that owing to the Stagnation of Trade, and the Impossibility of converting these Goods into Money, the Houses in Question were under very

?'eat Apprehension of being shortly obliged to stop ayment.

He informed the Committee, That he was lately appointed a Trustee for liquidating the Concerns of a House in London, with extensive Connections in the

Country, that had been obliged to suspend its Payments; that after the Intervention of about Three Weeks it had been enabled to pay its Acceptances, and within Twelve Months would discharge all its Debts, and that the Partners had a reasonable Expectation of retaining a Surplus of One hundred thousand Pounds, and if they had had the Opportunity of raising only a moderate Sum of Money on the Securities which they held, the Calamity that befel them and their Connections might have been averted.

Mr. Alderman Anderson informed the Committee, That it had fallen under his own personal Knowledge that Seven Mercantile Houses, of known and undoubted Property, and with a large Quantity of Goods on Hand, now not saleable, are brought to very great Distress from the Scarcity of Money, and will not be able to make good their Payments if not assisted, which would prove of very serious Consequence to many other Merchants and Manufacturers to whom they stand indebted.

Mr. Chiswell stated, That the present Mercantile Distress arose from an alarming Stagnation of Credit, which, on his Knowledge, had reduced Eight Houses of known and large Property to stop their Payments — Vol. 48.

That he also knew others of the same Description who have had temporary Assistance from him and others, but which will be ineffectual if they are not further relieved in a short Time. — He also stated, That various Applications had been made to him from different Houses of undoubted and very considerable Capitals, which in ordinary Times, or even in Times of Pressure, he would have assisted, and that he is now only withheld by the Uncertainty to what Extent the Mischief may increase, from the present unexampled general Alarm and Want of Credit. — He also farther stated, That if those Houses were not assisted, the Consequence would be the immediate Failure of many others of good Credit and Fortune dependent on them.

Your Committee understanding that Mr. Gilbert Innes, a Director of the Royal Bank of Scotland, was at present in London, desired his Attendance, and received Information from him to the following Effect:

That, as a Director of the Royal Bank of Scotland, he has had many Occasions to judge of the present State of Commercial Credit in Scotland:

That the Country is in very great Distress, and the Two Chartered Banks will not be able much longer, with Prudence to themselves, to furnish the Accommodation and Support, necessary to different Mercantile and Manufacturing Houses, nor to the 'Country Banks, and, if something is not immediately done by Government, a very general Failure may be expected; and that many Houses with undoubted Effects, and who would ultimately pay all Demands against them, will be involved, unless they can obtain a temporary Relief.

There have been several Failures, and a very considerable one lately, which is connected with Manufacturers who may ultimately be involved, and where Seven or Eight hundred Persons are now employed.

The Effect of these Failures, in his Opinion, must occasion many Manufacturers to be thrown out of Employment, and he has heard some were already dismissed; and such is the Pressure of the Times, that the Distress, if not Ruin, of several principal Manufacturing Houses may ensue. — Many Manufacturers would have been dismissed but for the liberal Support their Employers have received from the Royal Bank, but that Assistance cannot, without Imprudence, be continued without extraordinary Aid.

This Prospect of Distress to the Manufacturers, in his Opinion, arises not so much from a Failure of the usual Markets for the Goods, as from the Difficulty in discounting, in London and in Scotland, the long-dated Bills received for the Goods.

Great Quantities of manufactured Goods belonging to Manufacturers in Scotland, are now in London, for which, when sold, Bills are granted for a small Part at Three Months, and the Remainder from Six to Fourteen Months, the greatest Part of which Goods have been formerly sold for long-dated Bills, but are not so now from the Difficulty of obtaining Discounts; and he has heard Manufacturers say, they were willing to sell their Goods with a considerable Loss to obtain Relief, by Sales for ready Money.

Manufacturers frequently borrow Money for the Purposes of their Trade on Personal Bonds, great Part of that Money has been called for at Whitsunday next, 15th May, and from the State of Credit in Scotland he has Reason to think the Manufacturers will not be aide to answer these Demands by borrowing on the former Securities.

The Manufacturers keep as little Stock in their Warehouses as they can, and as Fashion varies, he should think the Mercantile Interest would be more benefited by depositing the raw Materials on Pledge than the Manufacturer, who, however, might indirectly be benefited by the Advance.

He certainly thinks that Paper issued on Government Security, and advanced upon the Deposit of

Goods

Commercial

Credit.

Commercial

Credit.

Goods or other unquestionable Private Security, would, when properly understood, be a material Relief in the present Distress of Scotland; and he has no Doubt several Persons might be found to concur in giving a joint Security for the Support of Co-partnerships, with perfect Safety to the Public.

He believes the Quantity of Paper circulated by the Country Banks, has of late been considerably diminished, and their Discounts on Bills of Exchange greatly so, since these Troubles began: With regard to the Royal Bank, the Circulation is nearly the same, and the Assistance given to the Country greatly superior to what it has given at any former Period.

In Addition to these Statements, your Committee, when they were on the Point of concluding their Report, had the Opportunity of receiving further Information from Mr. Aiacdow, a Member of this House, who stated, that he is Representative in Parliament, for the City of Glasgow, from whence he had, this Morning, returned; and that he had there found all the Commercial Houses and Manufacturers in the greatest Distress from the late Stagnation of Commercial Credit, and total Want of private Confidence.

The present Distress does not appear to him to arise from a Want of Property or Funds, but from the Stop which has been lately put to discounting Bills at any of the Glasgozo, Paisley, or Greenock Banks, who have not for some Time past discounted to any Extent, from their Notes being poured in upon them for Gold, and from the Alarm which the present Situation of Credit in London has occasioned.

The Manufacturers have plenty of Goods on Hand in London, and in Glasgow, which they cannot sell but at so reduced a Price as renders it perfectly absurd for them to think of disposing of their Goods, in order to obtain immediate Relief: The Manufacturers, and those who have Cotton Mills, have began to discharge the Workmen employed by them during the last Fortnight; and, by a Letter received from the Lord Provost of Glasgow, by him, this Morning, he learns that the Manufacturers have discharged a very great Number of Workmen. — There are employed in Glasgow, Paisley, and their Dependencies, in different Parts of Scotland, about One hundred and Sixty thousand Men, Women, and Children: Any Relief to be administered must be given immediately to render it effectual.

The Result of the Information thus obtained confirms your Committee in the general Impression which they have already stated, and seems to preclude the Necessity of requiring further Evidence as to the Extent of the Evil, and the Necessity of a Remedy; and the Urgency of the Occasion appears to render it highly desirable to avoid all unnecessary Delay.

Your Committee, therefore, think it proper to state what has occurred to them under the Second Head of Enquiry, without detaining the House by Observations of any considerable Length, on Circumstances which appear of themselves sufficiently clear and forcible. They think it, however, material to remark, that if the present Distress were confined in its Effects to Individuals, however they might regret the Extent of Private Calamity, they should not consider the Case as justifying an extraordinary Public Interposition, much less should they recommend such a Measure, if the Pressure had been felt only by Houses of doubtful Credit, or who had suffered from the Consequences of rash and unwarrantable Speculations: — But it appears to your Committee, that the Embarrassments arising from the Want of Credit, have already affected Houses of undoubted Solidity and sufficient ultimate Resources; and that there is too much Reason to apprehend that these Embarrassments may extend in a Degree which no Individual Exertions can counteract, with sufficient Expedition and Certainty,

to prevent Consequences of the most serious National Importance.

In proceeding to examine the Second Head of Enquiry, it was on every Account a great Satisfaction to your Committee, to have the Advantage of the Suggestions contained in the Plan, which had been delivered to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and which has been already referred to.

On the best Consideration which your Committee could give to the Subject, the principal Objects to be attended to in any Measure for affording Relief, appeared to be, to enable those who have Securities ultimately good, but which would not be available till too distant a Period, to receive such Advances as might enable them to support the Pressure to which they might be exposed in the Interval — To furnish some Medium of Circulation which might, either directly or indirectly, replace the Quantity of Currency suddenly withdrawn — and, by the Effect of these Measures, to afford such Assistance to Individuals, as might revive Confidence and Credit.

Such a Measure, under proper Regulations, appears to be capable of producing very rapidly an Effect far beyond the Amount of the Sum directly advanced, by setting at Liberty and restoring to Circulation Sums to a much larger Amount, which are rendered in a Manner useless by the present Stagnation.

It appeared to your Committee, That this Object could not be effectually attained, but by Advances issued under the Authority, and resting upon the Security, of the Public.

In adopting such a Measure, it is obviously necessary to keep in View, that the Assistance to be given must be considered as merely temporary, and arising out of the very peculiar Circumstances of the Case; and also to establish such Regulations as may prevent, as far as possible, the Accommodation intended to be afforded from being applied to any Persons but those who, on the one Hand, stand in Need of it from a real Pressure arising out of the present Circumstances, and, on the other, can give sufficient Security for the Repayment of it. The latter Circumstance is entitled to peculiar Attention, for the Purpose of confining this Accommodation to the Description of Persons, to whom alone it can be permanently useful, or can be afforded with Safety to the Public.

Another Consideration of equal Importance is, that it should be so regulated as to furnish the Opportunity to Individuals to render their own Exertions ultimately effectual, without, at the same Time, giving such a Degree of Facility to their Transactions as might lead to a Relaxation or Suspension of those Exertions.

The next material Object which suggests itself, is to provide, as far as the Nature of the Case will permit, that the Distribution of this Assistance should be conducted in such a Manner as may best secure the safe and impartial Application of it.

On a Consideration of the Plan above referred to, it appears to your Committee, that it contains the Outline of Provisions adapted to all these Objects; they have therefore made it the Basis of the Proposal which they think it their Duty to suggest to the House, and have added such Observations as appear to them to be necessary, upon any of the particular Points, in the Order in which they occur in the Plan.

With respect to the Amount of the Sum to be issued, the Committee are of Opinion, that it will be adviseable to extend it to 5,000,000l. instead of 3,000,000 /., as originally suggested. They are induced to do so, not only from wishing to leave a considerable Latitude, in order the better to insure that the Relief proposed shall be effectual, but also from having thought it right that the Advances should be

made

33 Ged. Ill,

£9d Apr

70S

made on the Deposit of Goods in certain principal Out Ports as well as in London, and from having had under their Consideration the Information ' received with respect to Scotland.

The Interest to be allowed on the Exchequer Bills proposed to be issued, ought, in the Opinion of the Committee, to be fixed at Two Pence Half-penny per Cent, per Day (being at the Rate of about 16$. per Cent, per Annum) instead of Two PencCjDer Cent, per Day, which would be only about Three per Cent, per Annum; and they have been informed, that the Gentlemen who originally suggested the Plan, concur in the Propriety of this Alteration. The Committee approve of the Principle on which a Difference has been proposed to be made between the Rate of Interest to be allowed on the Exchequer Bills, and that of Five per Cent, which, according to a subsequent Part of the Plan, is proposed to be paid to the Public by the Parties to whom the Advances shall be made: They conceive this to be expedient, not so much because the Difference will furnish a Fund for defraying the Expence of the Commission, as because it has a Tendency to prevent any Persons from taking Advantage of this Accommodation, who are not of the Description intended to be assisted. The Difference, however, between £.3. 16 s.and £.5 perCent. together with the Chance of some Discount on these Exchequer Bills, even at the increased Rate of Interest, seems sufficiently to secure the Object last stated, without rendering the Terms of the proposed Assistance more disadvantageous than is desirable.

The Committee are of Opinion, that the Exchequer Bills should be made out in Sums of £. 100, and of £. 50; and, possibly, some Proportion of them in Sums of £. 20.

The Periods fixed for the Discharge of the Exchequer Bills in equal Proportions, appear to be highly expedient, with a View to the Object before described, of affording Means " to Individuals to render their " own Exertions ultimately effectual, without, at the " same Time giving such a Degree of Facility to " their Transactions, as might lead to a Relaxation or " Suspension of those Exertions."

It mqy deserve Consideration, whether some Provision should not be made, to enable Persons to repay the Sums advanced to them, at an earlier Period than they originally stipulated.

With respect to the Appointment of Commissioners, the Manner of selecting proper Persons for that Purpose, must remain for the Consideration of Parliament, if the Measure in Contemplation should be adopted; but the Committee are inclined to think, that the Number to be appointed should not exceed Twenty; and they have Reason to believe, that respectable Persons will be found, who will give the Public the Benefit of their Services, without receiving any Emolument.

An Augmentation has been already suggested, of the Total Amount of Exchequer Bills to be issued; but an Issue of One Fourth Part of this augmented Sum, in the first Instance, instead of One Half of the Sum originally proposed, may, it is conceived, be sufficient, as there will be the Means of making further Issues in Case of Necessity.

The Security on the Deposit of Goods, which in the Plan is confined to Goods actually in London, may, in the Opinion of the Committee, be safely and properly extended to a few other principal Ports — Bristol, Hull, and Liverpool, may be sufficient in England', and Leith and Glasgow in Scotland. Subject to this Alteration, the Committee agree in the Propriety of confining the Advances to the Species of Security, and in the Proportion stated in the Plan, for the Purpose already mentioned, of confining the Aid to those Instances where it may be safely and usefully given.

With respect to the Apportionment of the Sums to Vol. 48.

be advanced; it would have been very satisfactory to the Committee, if it had appeared possible to subject it beforehand to fixed Rules; but, upon the fullest Consideration, they are decidedly of Opinion, that, from the Nature of the Subject, it is impossible to frame any Rules which will be found applicable to the various Cases which joust occur, without such a Knowledge of those Cases, and of the Nature, Circumstances, and Amount of the different Demands, as can only be obtained from the Applications to be brought under the Consideration of the Commissioners.

The Nature of the Securities being already fixed, and the Proportion of the Advances limited, the Regulation of further Details must* it is conceived, be left to the Judgment of the Commissioners; but it appears at the same Time highly expedient that they should be required, as proposed, to take the earliest Opportunity of laying down general Rules for their own Guidance, which should never be deviated from in particular Cases, but' be subject to Revision on general Grounds, as Occasion may require.

The Power proposed to be given to the Board to administer Oaths, ought to apply to any Person who may be willing to be examined as to any Points de-'pending before them; and a proper Oath of Office ought also to be taken by the Commissioners, and such of their Officers as they may think fit, before they enter upon the execution of thfllf Duty.

Your Committee having thus stated the different Observations which occurred to them on the particular Parts of the Plan, they have only to recapitulate the Result which they think it their Duty to submit to the Consideration of the House.

First, That Power be given to issue Exchequer Bills to an Amount not exceeding £. 5,000,000, in Sums of £. 100, £.50, and £. 20, to bear an Interest of Two Pence Half-penny per Cent, per Day, and to be payable One Fourth Part on the 31st Day of August next, One Fourth Part on the 30th of November next, One Fourth Part on the 28th of February 1794, and One Fourth Part on the 31 st of May 1794.

Secondly, That Commissioners should be appointed, for the Purpose of advancing these Exchequer Bilb, under certain Regulations* for the Accommodation of such Persons as may apply for the same — to act without Fee or Reward — to take an Oath for the due execution of the Trust — to have Power to appoint the necessary Officers — to administer Oaths — and to apply such Sums as may be requisite for defraying the Expences of executing the Commission; for which Purpose the Commissioners of the Treasury should advance such Sums as may be necessary.

Thirdly, That immediately after the passing of the Act, One Fourth Part of the Exchequer Bills shall be issued, on the Requisition of the Commissioners, to *the Persons whom they shall think proper to advance the same, in the Manner after directed.

Fourthly, That the Commissioners shall be at Liberty to advance such Exchequer Bills, to the Persons applying for the same, in equal Proportions of Bills' payable at the different Periods before* mentioned, on the Security of Goods to be deposited in the Custody of Officers to be named by the Commissioners in London, Bristol, Hull, Liverpool, Leith, or Glasgow, or on such Personal Securities of a given Number of Persons, as shall be satisfactory to the Commissioners, such Securities to be given in a Form to be prescribed for that Purpose, and to be made binding on the Persons giving the same, to the Amount for which each Person shall respectively make himself Security. These Advances in no Case to be more than 50 per Cent, on the Value of the Securities, and to be less at the Discretion of the Commissioners!: And to be made on Condition, that the Sums so advanced shall be repaid, with Interest, at the Rate of £. 5 per

8 R Centum

Commercial Credit.

Commercial

Credit.

TO6 29° Am - IT93.

Centum per Annum, Fifteen Days before the Date when the resptective Exchequer Bills shall fall due, or earlier, at the Option of the Parties.

Fifthly, That immediately after the passing of the Act, the Comtiiissipners shall receive and open all such Applications as shall be then made to them, specifying the Amount of the Advance desired, and the Particulars of the Security. That they shall proceed to class the said Applications, according to the Amount respectively applied for, the Security offered, and the Circumstances, Situation, and Connections of the Parties: And shall then frame general Regular tions for apportioning the Sums to be advanced, with a View to the Points before specified, as well as to the total Amount of the Sum applied for, and such other Considerations as they shall think materia), by which Regulations they shall be guided in their Decision on particular Cases, but which they shall be at Liberty to revise on general Grounds, as Occasion may require. That they shall proceed to apportion and advance such Part, as they shall think necessary, of the Exchequer Bills then at their Disposal, to an Amount not exceeding £.1,250,000, as before specified; and if the Applications first made shall be for less than that Amount, shall, in like Manner, be at Liberty, from Time to Time, to make further Advances on fresh Applications.

Sixthly, That if, upon Consideration of the total Amount of the Sums applied for, and of the Nature of the Applications, it shall at any Time appear to

the Commissioned, that further Advances, beyond the Sum of £. 1,250,000 may be Adviseable, the Commissioners of the Treiasary shall be enabled, oh theft Requisition, to authorize the Advance of any Proportion of the retnaihing Exchequer Bills, to such an Amount, and at such Times, as shall be found expedient; and that the Commissioners shall, froth Timte to Time, by Public Notice, fix the Periods fot receiving Applications, for framing general Regulations, and for apportioning the Advances to be made.

Seventhly, That on Failure of Re-payment, at the limited Times, of the Sutris advanced, the Commissioners shall be authorized to sell, by Public Auction, so much as may be necessary of the Goods Oh the Deposits of Which such Sum shall have been advanced, or to proceed against the PerSohS who have given Security for the same.

Eighthly, That all the Monies which shall be repaid, from Time to 'Pime, by the Parties to whom Advances shall have been made, or Which shall, in Case of Default, be recovered by the Commissioners, shall be placed in the Bank, where a distinct Account shall be kept of the same; that these Monies shall be applicable to pay the Principal and Interest Of the Exchequer Bills, at the Times limited for pAyirtg the same respectively; and the Surplus, if any, after the 31st of May 1794, shall be applicable, in the First

Instance, for the Purpose of replacing the Sums issued for defraying the Expence of the Commission, attd the Remainder as Parliament shall direct.

APPENDIX.

In Consequence of a Meeting of Gentlemen, convened on Monday the 22d of April, at IVfr. Pitt's House, where an Opinion generally prevailed, that it would be of considerable Benefit to the Commercial Interest of this Country, if any Means could be devised to revive Public Credit, and restore Confidence: The Lord Mayor, at the Desire of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, assembled the following Gentlemen the next Day, at the Mansion House, who were of Opinion, that the following were the Outlines of a Plan which would be of essential Service, if carried into execution; viz.

Lord Mayor, Mr. Forster, Mr. Harman,

Alderman Anderson, Mr. Baring, Mr. fVintkrop,

Mr. Bosanquet, Mr. Chtmell, Mr. Boddington,

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Hunter.

That Parliament should order an Issue of Exchequer Bills, bearing an Interest of 2d. p€r Cent, per Day, to the Amount of £.3,000,000, to be made out in Sums of £.100 and £.50; 1 to be discharged on 31st August, i on 30th November, \on 28th February 1794, J on 31st May.

That a Committee of proper Persons be appointed, in the Bill to be brought into Parliament, as a Board for the Management of this Concern, and to lend out these Exchequer Bills for the Relief of the Commercial Part of the Kingdom.

That the Lords of the Treasury do issue One Half of the above Exchequer Bills to the afore-mentioned Board, who shall lend the same as Money, in equal Proportions of each Sort of the Bills, to such Persons as shall apply for the same, on the following Securities, and under the following Conditions; viz.

As to the Securities;

On Goods to be deposited in the Hands Of Officers appointed by the Board, and which Goods must be actually in London.

On Securities arising ft-dm the joint Concurrence of a Number of Persons of Property, uniting and subscribing for the Support of any particular House or Town. As to the Conditions, that in no Case more than £.50 per Cent, on their estimated Value, be advanced on any of the above Securities; but iess may be, at the Discretion of the Board. And on the Conditions that all Persons applying for Assistance shall be Bound, besides depositing the Securities, to repay to the Board the Money advanced, together with Interest for the same, after the Rate of 5 per Cent. 15 Days before the Date of the respective Exchequer Bills they may receive, shall fall due.

That it shall be in the Discretion of the Board to determine to hbw large art Amount each Party may be accommodated; and, ih determining the Amount of Advances, the Board to be directed by an Attention to the Extent of all the Demands, and the Nature of the Trade in which each Party is engaged.

That to enable the Board to form some general standing Regulations for the Guidance of their Minds ih making this Apportionment, at the very first Outset it may be adviseable for the Chancellor of the Exchequer, as soon as the Bill shall have been brought into Parliament, and shall have received the First Reading, to nominate a proper Person to deceive all letters that shall be sent sealed up, superscribed as containing the Proposals of such Parties as may wish for Relief, and stating the specific Securities proposed to be pledged. All these Letters to be kept by him sacredly unopened; and as soon as the Bill shall have received the Royal Assent, the Board to meet and open these Letters, and apportion amongst the Claimants -fih Parts of the Sum Which shall have been issued to the Board, and reserving the other -fth Part to answer such occasional Calls as may be made afterwards.

In case, on opening these Letters, the Sum thought proper to be advanced should be found to amount to a greater Sum than the Board is enabled to apply, it would be adviseable to give Power to the Chancellor of 9 the

33 Geo. III. 20° Aprils 707

(he Exchequer, oil Consultation ifrith the Board, to cause the Whole, or any Bart of the Remainder of the Bills, in Commentul his Discretion, to be issued to the Board. Credit

It will be necessary for the Board to employ tin able Solicitor to give Advice, also some eminent Brokers to look at the Goods, and Clerks to enter all their Transactions, Which will certainly be multifarious. And it must also open a Cash Account at the Bank, into which all Monies received must be paid, and which must lie there till issued to the Exchequer in discharging the Bills as they become due.

The. Difference between the Rate of Interest to be paid, and what is granted on the Exchequer Bills, will amply pay all these Charges, and any other attendant ones, and the Surplus to be at the Disposition of Parliament The Board must be authorised to administer Oaths to all Persons applying for Assistance: And the Exchequer Bills should be framed in such a Manner, as to leave in Blank the Day on which the Interest of each respectively is to commence, that the same may be filled up by Direction of the Board, at the Time of issuing them to the Public.

If the Goods are not redeemed at the Time agreed on, Power to be given to the Commissioners to advertize the Goods to be sold at Public Auction. And to proceed, by regular Course of Law, for Recovery against Parties associating under the Second Head of Securities.

A Clause in the Bill to be inserted to facilitate and expedite the Transfer of Property, cutting short the Matter Of Form; and Commissioners to execute their Charge without any Fee or Reward: But some Money must be issued from the Exchequer to pay Expences in the first Instance; and Commissioners should be invested with full discretionary Powers.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, Thatsuch a Number of Copies of the said Report, With the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Bill to enable Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second

the Common Reading of the Bill, to enable the Common Council of Livtrpool to Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on ism Nego- Behalf arid Account of the Corporation of the said table Xotej Town, to ifcsue Negotiable Notes, for a Time to be K-nmtaitttd. waited, and to a limited Amount, be now read.

And the said Ordbr being read accordingly;

The said BiH Was read a Second Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the BiH be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Considera- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Ameridments made by the Lords to menu to Bill the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent, io prevent during the present War between Great Britain and Traitorous France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

' Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

bisolvfe itself irito a Committee of the whole House, ‘Trade of In- to consider further of the Government and Trade of jdiadeferred. India, be now read.

Arid the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for Re- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

iefofCap- the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the t>rs of Prizes bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this King-' ere dom: And that Mr. Rose and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

friendly So- A Bill for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly

tKues BJl Societies, was read a Second Time.

toinml ‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vo L. 4r8.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Million Bank resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bill deferred* the Bill to incorporate certain Persons, therein to be named, a Society for the Grant, Purchase, arid Sale of Annuities for Lives, or for Terms of Years;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Duties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to wine and consider of the Duties on Wines imported, and of the to

-v *, ' be consi-

Duties on Tobacco imported. d§red.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon, Sir Francis Basset, Members ad* Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Chute, Sir George Cornezqalt, and all dedt0 Com* the Members who serve for the Counties of and Hereford, be added to the Committee who are appointed Thames and to enquire into the Progress that has been made to- Isis Naviga-wards the Amendment and Improvement of the Nation* vigation of the Thames and Isis, in consequence of the several Acts passed for that Purpose, and also, into the Amount of the Receipts and Expenditure, and of the State of the Trade on the said Rivers.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the counsel or. Several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, dered on fur-on behalf of themselves, and others, Merchants, Inha- ther c°ns>‘ bitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Wharfs and Granaries, at, or near, the Town of Malden, and the Owners ford Naviga-and Occupiers of Land and Mills between the Towns tion BilL of Chelmsford and Maldon, which was presented to the House upon the 2ist Day of March last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the said County, was committed, be taker! into further Consideration; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Bill for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, preventing upon the Bill for the preventing of Bribery arid Cor- ~ ruption in the Election of Members to serve in Par- Election liatnent for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County deferred.

6f Southampton;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself ou Expiring into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ws 1 Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of

Naval Stores from the British Colonies in Americato the granting Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by s Hydrometer; and to

revive and continue an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great B.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. jHenry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Wannfield Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

cu® "eatf whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi-Canal Bill gable Canal from the River Colder, in the Township . reported. of Warmfield cum Heath, to, or near, the Town of Barnsley, and from thence to Bamby Bridge, in the Township of Cawthorne, and a Collateral Cut branching out of the said intended Canal, at, or near Bargh Mill, to, or nearly to, Haigh Bridge, in the Township of Woolley, all in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, within the Town and Neighbourhood of Barnsley, in the West Riding -of the County of York; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Doncaster, in the West Riding of the County of

York, on behalf of themselves, and of several other Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, within the said Town and Neighbourhood; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Ship Owners, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln, on behalf of themselves, and of several other Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, within the said Town and Neighbour-; hood; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the populous Manufacturing Towns and Parishes of Halifax and Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, on behalf of themselves, and of several other Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the said Towns and Parishes; and

also, the Petition of Sir Francis Baronet; and4

also, the Petition of Thomas Richard Beaumont, Esquire; and also, the Petition of the several Persons* whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Lands, Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, within the Town and Neighbourhood of Barnsley, in the West Riding of the County of York, on behalf of themselves, and of several other Owners of Lands, Merchants,. Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Residents, within the said Town and Neighbourhood; and also, the Petition of Theobald Dillon, of Heath, in the County of York, Esquire, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, and 8th mentioned Petitions, and had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel, no Person appearing in Support of the 1st, 2d, and 3d mentioned Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's. Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee,. to Armley In-whom the Bill for dividing. and inclosing the Com- closure Bill mon and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Town- reported, ship of Armley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manor and Township of Armley, in the West Riding of the County of York; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, ana Tenements, within the Manor and Township of Armley, in the West ‘Riding of the County of York, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Land of the Annual Value of £. 172.

8-y. 2d. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Land of the Annual Value of jC-35- 15& 9d. who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole of the Land entitled to Right of Common is of the Annual Value of £901. 12$. i</.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A BiUu dra5nin,& ?Vidin!' Swt"ee"D<1

proving all the Moor Lands in the townships of Red-. Drainage

ness and Suinefieel, in the Parish of Whitgift, in the and indo-

West sure Bill

committed*

1

709

29° — 30°

South burn

Jodosure Bill

committed.

Spec ton Inclosure Bill committed.

Brown's Di-Torce Bill deferred.

West India Trade Bill deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be coihmitted to Mr. JViU berforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Southbum, in the Parish of Kirkburn, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. bcrforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Speeton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East

Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be coihmitted to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, *at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Brown, Esquire, with Susannah Solley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ataend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the tVest Indies; and for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island undei the Dominion of His Majesty, in the West Indies, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South America, and so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine into Nova Scotia or New Brunswick, from any Country belonging to the United States of , was committed,

be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. 48.

Martis, SO' die Aprilis *

Anno 33® Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

THE M&nagers appointed to make good the Ar- Trial of Mr, tides of Impeachment against Warren Hastings.

Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall-, .

Mr. Alderman Anderson reported from the Commitr London Sew-tee, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and render more and Pay-effectual. an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for conso* repor " lidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the " Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament,' for " making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the " Vaults, Drains, and Sewers -within the City of J

" London, and Liberties thereof, and for paving,

cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares,

" Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and

" preventing and removing Obstructions and An-

" noyances within the same," was committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made se?-

veral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed

him to report to the House; and he read the Report

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amehdments were Once read throughout; and then a.

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord William Russell presented to the House, ac- St. George's cording to Order, a Bill for making a new Street from RoatJ Street, Saint George's Road, in the Parish of Christchurch, &tce‘a^j in the County of Surrey, through Holland's Leagure, p into and across The Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish, and for discontinuing, as a Public Highway, Part of a Street called The Upper Ground Street, in the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Market Har* Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His R°n"glLRo"

'r,..... . 1 °. Bui com-

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, mjtted.

" and render more effectual, Two Acts, passed in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the " First, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market " Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of " Leicester, and for repairing, widening, turning, and " altering the Road branching out of the aforesaid " Road at a Place called Filling Gate, to a Road " called The Foss Road, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Melton Mowbray to the " Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Penn Assheton Curzon, Mr . Pochin,&c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ah ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Selby Ferry Road from Selby Ferry, in the Parish of Hemingbrough, ®‘ld. Warltet to the Town of Market Weighton, in the East Riding Hoad Bill of the County of York, was read the Third Time. passed.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, 'An Act for repairing and widening the Road from

8 S Selby

80* Apr.

Selby Ferry, in the Parish of Hemingbrough, to the Town of Market Wtighton, in the {last Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Rill to

the Lord?, and desire their Concurrence.

North Duf. An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge over the field and River Derwent, at or near Ferry, in the East

Bridge1 Bill ®^ing of the County of York, and making proper Ap-

p«8s«i. proaches thereto, was read the Third Time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Bubwith Ferry, in the East Riding of the CouBty of York, and making proper Approaches thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to foe Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A. 1793.

Pawnbro* ker's Bill committed*

Inverness Highways and lighting Bill committed.

A Bill to continue, and amend, an Act, passed so the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His preset# Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the

Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for making and repairing Highways and Bridges within the Shire of Inverness, and for lighting the Streets within the Royal Burgh of Inverness, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel jW aclcpd, Mr. Francis, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr* Leeds, and Mr*

will proceed Rebus.

odmThIX Mr. Speaker,

ings's Trial. The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

' Bill to antho* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to rise Justices authorize Justices of the Peace to impose Fines upon Lines Constables, Overseers, and other Peace Officers, for Constables, Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of Apprentices for &c. ordered, ill Usage of such their Apprentices, and also to make Provision for the execution of Warrants of Distress, granted by Magistrates in certain Cases: And that Mr.

Whitbread, Senior, Mr. Wilberforce, Sir Richard Hill,. and Mr. Kynaston, do prepare, end bring in, the same.

Brown's Di- Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported vorce Bill from the Committee of the whole House, to whom reported. ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Brown, Esquire, with Susannah Solley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BiH, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. 1.10. After him" insert Clause (A).

Clause (A). " And Whereas it appears necessary and expedient that some " Provision should be made for

u the Support and Maintenance

" of the said Susanna, otherwise w Susannah Solley, during her w Life: Be it therefore Enacted " by the Authority aforesaid,

" That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the " said Edward Brown, his Heirs,

" Executors, or Administrators, u shall and do well and truly " pay, or cause to be paid, unto te the said Susanna, otherwise "sannah Solley, her Executors,

" Administrators, and Assigns,

" and the said , otherwise

Susannah Solley, shall have and " be entitled to have and receive of "* and from the said Edward Brown,

" his Heirs, Executors, and Ad-u ministrators, One Annuity, or " Annual Sum of Fifty Pounds " of lawful Money of Great Britain, for and during the Term " of the Natural Life of the said " Susanna, otherwise Susannah,

" and the same shall be paid and " payable by Four even Quarterly Payments, That is to " say, the Twenty-fourth Day of " June, the Twenty-ninth Day " of September, the Twenty-fifth " Day of December, and the " Twenty-fifth Day of March in " every Year, clear of all Taxes,

" Deductions, Allowances, or " Abatements whatsoever, the " First of the said Quarterly Paymenta to begin and be made " on, the First of the said Days " as shall happen next after the " passing of this Act."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning,

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Expiring from the Committee of the whole House, to whom* the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise 1 to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies, in America; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had 12 directed

S3 Geo. III.

SO* Aprills.

til

directed him to report to the House; and he redd the Report in his Plate; and afterwards delivered the BiH, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BH1, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Bill for R*- Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to lief of Cap- Order, a Bill for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second- Time Tomorrow Morning*

dAaent A Message by Sir Francis Gentleman

Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal Was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal High-liCss the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, find the Lord Grenville, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followed; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way of Annuities, to be charged on the Consolidated Fund; find for making perpetual certain Duties of Excise on British Spirits, and certain Duties on the Amount of assessed Taxes:

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three:

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of Marck One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three; and for making Provision for Adjutants who have served a certain Time in the Militia:

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen, to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on Board Merchant Ships, and other Trading Ships and Vessels, during the present War:

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Two hundred Thousand Pounds, to be issued and paid Vol. 48.

n

tiSH

to the Governor and Company of the iBank of England, to be by theta placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt:

An Act for the better preventing Forgeries and Frauds in the Transfers of the several Funds trans-fferrable at the Bank of England:

An Act for taking down and re-building the Tower of the Parish Church of Ha in the County of Worcester, and for repairing the said Church, and rendering the same mote commodious for the Parishioners:

An Act for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for re-building the Parish Church of " ton, in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging the " Church Yard of the said Parish:"

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " taking down and re-building the Parish Church " of All Saints, within the Town and County of the uTown of Southampton, and for purchasing Land for " the Purpose of a Church Yard for the Use of the said " Parish:

An Act for enlarging the Church Yard or Cemetery of the Parish Church of Saint Mary, Islington, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for repealing Part of an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled,

" An Act for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, and for the better Payment of Debentures " at the Custom House/' which may relate to the refining and making of Salt at certain Works intended to be erected at Garston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, instead of the present Salt Works at Liverpool:

An Act for incorporating the Company of Free Fishers and Dredgers of W in the County of Kent, and for the better ordering and Government of the Fishery:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from the Town of Leicester, to communicate with the River Nen, in or near the Town of *

and also a certain Collateral Cut from the said Navigation:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication from the Junction of the River Foss with the River Ouse, at, or near, the City of York, to Stillington Mill, in the Parish of Stillington, in the North Riding of the County of York, and for draining and improving certain Low Lands lying on each Side of the said River Foss:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from, or nearly from, the Town of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to the River Trent, near Nottingham Trent Bridge, and also a Collateral Cut from the said intended Canal, at or near Cropwell Butler, to the Town of Bingham, both in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, to the River Mersey, at or near Ne-therpocl, in the County of Chester, and also for making and maintaining certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Oxford Canal Navigation at Braunston, in the County of Northampton, to join the River Thames, at or near Brentford, in the County of Middlesex, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for erecting

" Piers

¥12 30° Aprilis.; A. 1793.

" tiers in, and for repairing, and keeping in Repair,

" the Harbour of Littlehampton, called Arundel " in the County of Sussex,"and for empowering the Commissioners acting under the said Act to improve the Navigation of the River , from the said Harbour to the Town of Arundel, in the said County:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishes of Halifax, Bradford, ley, Bingley, Guiseley, Calverley', Birstal,

field, Hartishead cum, Clifton,

Kirkburton, and Huddersfield and the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for granting other Powers for those Purposes:

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, one made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the other made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals:

An Act for altering the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His prer sent Majesty, for repealing the Duties payable for Beer and Ale above Six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise, and not exceeding Eleven Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of such Duties, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, so far as respects the Quality of Table Beer brewed by Common Brewers:

An Act for paving and repairing certain Streets, Lanes, and other Public Passages and Places in the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal in the County of Middlesex, and fof paving and regulating such Parts of Old Cock Lane and York Street as are in the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, and for removing Obstructions and Annoyances therein:

An Act for repairing the High Road leading from Cockerton Bridge, near Darlington, in the County of Durham, to Staindrop, in the said County:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the " Termi, and vary the Powers of so much of an Act,

" made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Sutton " Coldfeld Common, and several other Roads therein " described, in the County of Stafford, as relates to " the Wolverhampion District of Roads

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Town of JVakcfeld to the Town of Abberford, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for amending, widening, and repairing the Road from Clay Hill, in the Turnpike Road between Neat Enstone and Chipping Norton, in the County of Oxford, over Heyford Bridge, to the Water Lane, in the Town of Bicester, in the said County, and from Bicester aforesaid to the Turnpike Road in Weston on the Green, in the said County:

An Act for repairing, widening, and altering the Road from the Turnpike Road between Gateshead and Hexham, near Lobley Hill, in the Parish of Whickham, in the County of Durham, to Burtry Ford, in the Parish of Stanhope, in the same County, and a Branch from the said Road, near Bryans Leap, in the County of Durham, to the Corbridg Turnpike Road near Blackhedley, in the County of Northumberland, and another Branch from the said Road at Wolsingham, in the County of Durham, to Crosgate, near the City of Durham

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from Hadley Turnpike Gate to Stifford Bridge, and from a

Farm House called Tarpotts to the Town of Soutfi Benfeet, and from the Pound in the Town of Brentwood to Tilbury Fort, and from Billericay to Horndonon the Hill, and from Stanford Bridge to Purfleet, in the County of Essex: .

An Act for repairing the Roads from the . Town of Cambridge, to a Place called Long Leys, and from the said Town of Cambridge to Roystoii, in the Counties of Cambridge and Essex:

An Act for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from the East Side of the Market Placd in New Sleaford, to find through the Town of Anwick, in the County of and for making public the Drove Road from the said Town of Anwick to Kyme Praie Grounds, and for making a Road from thence to join the present Road neafr North Kyme Town, and for widening, turning, altering, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from thence through the said Town of North Kyme, near Billinghay Dales, to the River Witham, and also the Road from the opposite Shore of the said River to the Town of Tatters hall, in the said County of Lincoln, and for building a Bridge over the Witham, at, or near to, Tattershall Ferry:

An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing " and widening the Road from the West End of Saint " Ives Lane, in the Town of Saint Neots, in the County " of Huntingdon, to the Pavement at the End of Bell " Lane, in the Town of Cam

An Act for establishing and confirming certain Articles of Agreement entered into between the Duke of Marlborough and Lincoln College, Oaf ord:

An Act for vesting the Navigation of the River Avon, in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, an<^ Gloucester, and certain other Estates in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, late the Property of George Perrott, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Monies arising thereby to be applied in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as those directed to be sold by this Act are now, settled:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Commonable Heath Grounds, within the Parish of Normanton, in the County of Rutland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Townships of More-ton and Wilbrighton, otherwise Wilberton, in the Parish of Gnosall, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Fens, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the several Parishes of Covenham Saint Bartholomew, and Co-xenham Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands or Grounds, within the Liberties and Precincts of Stoke Lyne and Fewcott, in the Parish of in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open.and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common. Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor, Township, Liberty, and Precincts of Little Barford, otherwise Saint John, in the

Parish of Adderbury, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Common Grounds, and Commonable Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Dunstew, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Old Whole Year. Lands, Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Lammas Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and

Waste

33 Geo. . III.

30'‘Aprilis.

713

Scotch Creditors Bill presented.

I Bill for En-I couiagement ! of Seamen 1 presented.

Yarobam Hop Tythe Bill deferred.

Committee ou Report respecting Commercial Credit.

Waste Lands, within the Parish of in the County of Norfolk: .

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and allotting, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste. Lands, lying and being within the Out Parish of Saint in

Wells, in the County of Somerset:

- An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and other Chmmonable Lands, within the Parish of Castletho in the County of Buckingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Open and Common Fields, Half Year Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Parishes of Stiff and in the County of Norfolk; and for extinguishing all Rights of Common, Sheep walk, and Shackage, in, over, and upon, all the Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Street, Gentleman, with Lucy Duncumb, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing John Anthony JViss, and John Isaac Charretib:

An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Muller and John Rapp:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Benezech:

An Act for naturalizing William Herschel:

An Act for naturalizing Carsten Anderson.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, acccording to Order, a Bill for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir William Scott presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

) ' '

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whple House, upon the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops planted in Fields in the Parish of Famham, in the County of Surrey;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Select Committee appointed to take into Consideration the present State of Commercial Credit, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 48.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^e®°avn"n* to consider further of the Government and Trade of Trade of India, be now read. India,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Government and Trade of India.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^"d Tobacco to consider of the Duties on Wines imported, and of Duties, the Duties on Tobacco imported, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported trom the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

lies Oath Bill committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Scotch Ro-Reading of the Bill for requiring a certain Form of man Catho-Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, from His Majesty's Subjects, professing the Roman Catholic Religion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for the more easy raising Money upon the Hundred of Hemlingford, in the County of Warwick, for paying the Damages and Costs incurred on Account of the late Riots within the said Hundred, than is authorized to be done by the Laws now in being, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on Behalf and Account of the Corporation of the said Town, to issue Negotiable Notes, for a Time to be limited, and to a limited Amount.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty s Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies; and for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much of Two Acts, made in

ST the

Bill for raising Money on the Hundred of Hemlingford deferred.

Bill to enable the Common Council of Liverpool to issue Negotiable Notes deferred.

West India Trade Bill deferred.

Additional Petition to Glasgow Church Bil reported*

1° Man.

J. 1795.

J

the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as. prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty, in the West Indies, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies Or South America, and so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, into

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing. Petition Owners of Land in North Britain, was presented to *8ainst t(l( the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill has been brought into powers of the House for defining and regulating the Powers of tb»Com-the Lords Commissioners for Valuation of Teinds and "?1,8'ono( Plantation of Kirks in Scotland, whereby sundry Pro- -y - m visions are proposed to be made for the Augmentation

Scotland.

Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, from act, Country of the Stipends of the Clergy erf the Established Church

belonging to the United States of America, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 1* die Mail;

Anno 33* Georgii III'" Regis, 1793. Praters.

LORD Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, for themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Seton, Esquire, being examined, said, That it would be very convenient to the Public to open certain Streets and Passages in the City of Glasgow, and to remove Obstructions in the Trongate Street, and to prevent the same in future; and also, to build a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street, and also, to regulate the Weight and Measure of Coals, and the Mode of carrying Wood and Timber on the Streets of the said City, and to enlarge the Gaol or Tdlbooth there; and if Powers were given for selling Part of the High or Calton Green, and also the Glebe belonging to the Cures of the High Church and of the Barony Parish adjacent thereto: — And the Witness also produced to your Committee a Letter from the Provost of Glasgow, stating, that no Opposition whatever is intended to be made to the Regulations proposed, and that it is the earnest Wish of the Petitioners that such Regulations should be effected by an Act of Parliament to be passed during the present Session.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for re-building the Tran Church of the City of Glasgow, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for opening certain Streets in the City of Glasgow, for removing Obstructions in the Trongate Street, for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street, for regulating the Weight and Measure of Coals, and the Mode of carrying Wood and Timber on the Streets of the said City, for enlarging the Gaol or Tollbooth there, and for selling Part of the High or Calton Green, and also the Glebes belonging to the Cures of the High Church, and of the Barony Parish adjoining thereto.

A

V.

t

Pf

lit

ii

Hi

V

jtf

391

US

of Scotland, for the Management of Glebes and Vacant Stipends, and for enlarging and explaining the Powers of the Court in granting Augmentations, and localling Stipends, and other Purposes: And, that the Interest of the Petitioners being materially affected by some of the Provisions proposed to be made by the said Bill, therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law, in as far as respects the Provisions by which they apprehend that they and other Landholders in Scotland will be injured.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, ic®*1

to whom the Bill for defining and regulating the ml

Powers of the Commission of Teinds, or Tytheg, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy Pdi

of Scotland, is committed; and that the Petitioners be i

heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, Rep

upon their Petition, if they think fit. die1

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon A fonnnft folic Monday last, directing that the Petition of the Persons T

thereunto subscribing, Owners of Land in North - fentjtoCoa aid tain, do lie upon the Table until the Rfeport be re mitt*eo»th \ ceived from the Committee of the whole House, to Bill, uxl whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then beard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

mn Par

the still Ro?

the the ness Tru Pov sac! be1 Or

A Petition of Sir Francis Wood, Baronet, was pre- sir Francis , sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Wood's P«i Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal

from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in the Township 5"^

of Swinten, to or near the Town of Barnesley, in the Canal Bill Parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding of the County of York, and certain Collateral Cuts branching out erf the said Canal; and Setting forth. That the said intended Canal is intended to pass through the Lands of the Petitioner in the Township of Barnesley aforesaid, in a Manner which will be very injurious thereto; and divers unreasonable Powers are, by the said Bill, proposed to be given to the intended Company of Proprietors, materially injurious to the Property of the Petitioner, by enabling them not only to cut and use the Petitioner's said Lands for various Purposes therein mentioned, but also to take and use Springs and Waters therein, belonging to the Petitioner:

And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into, a Law, or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered,

33 Geo. III. 1° Mali.

715

I;

b'-'

Ik

Ordered, That it be an lastructioa to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Bttli Roads Mr. Hippisley Coxe reported from the Committee, to

Petition whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose isported. Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Six several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King G the First, in the Twelfth, Thirtieth, and Inirty-second Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the

First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for i repairing, amending, and enlarging several Roads

therein described, leading to and from, and lying near to, the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and j found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative

to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

e Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as

it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Qi,.. the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as

.v- followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

0[!| Mr. Philip George being examined, said. That the

I Trustees thereby appointed, have made great Progress

' in repairing and improving the said Roads, for which

Purpose a considerable Sum of Money, borrowed upon 1 the Credit of the Tolls, has been expended, which

still remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor the Roads properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be continued, and e the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. — And the Witness added, That it would be more convenient for the

e Trustees, and beneficial to the said Roads, if the several

e Powers and Provisions of the said Acts, together with

1 such Additions, Alterations, and Amendments, as may

be requisite, were to be consolidated and comprized into One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

ri* enlarging the Term granted and continued by several

i Acts passed for repairing and enlarging the Highways

iv between the Top of Kingsdown Hill, and the City of

> Bath, and for amending several other Highways lead-

ing to the said City, and also, for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, and for repealing the several Powers contained in the said Acts, and granting others instead thereof for the Improvement and Repair of the said Roads: And that Mr. Hippisley Care and Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Oxford Poor Mr. Burton reported from the Committee, to whom Awraoce the Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the fraorttT City of Oxford; and also, the Petition of the Persons, Kportw- Wj108e Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, paying to the Relief of the Poor within the Cky of Oxford, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and bad directed him to report the same, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, Mr. William Slatter being examined, said. That the Poor within the incorporated Parishes of the City of O.xjord are numerous, and the Taxes for their Relief and Maintenance are very burthensome to the Inhabitants: Vol. 48.

That a considerable Sum of Money is Annually paid, for Assurances from. Loss or Damage by Fire to Buildings and other Property; and it has been found, upon Calculation, that great Profit is derived therefrom to the Persons and Offices making such Assurances — And that it would tend to the Benefit of the Poor within the said united Parishes, as well as to the Ease and Security of the Inhabitants, if an Office were to be established in the said City for insuring Property from Damage by Fire, and the Profits thereof to be applied towards the Relief of the Poor within the said Parishes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for assuring Houses, Buildings, Goods, arid other Property, within the City of Oxford, and Parts adjacent, against Loss or Damage by Fire, and for applying the Profits arising from such Assurances towards the Relief of the Poor of the incorporated Parishes within the said City: And that Mr. Burton, and Mr. Arthur Annesley do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Maisemore, in the County of Gloucester (except a certain Meadow called Maisemore Ham) and for rendering all the Lands and Tenements within the said Parish w holly exempt and discharged from Tythe, and all Modus and Composition for Tythe, by allotting Lands in Lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at 21. 9 s.4 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except one Persrgi, assessed at Four Shillings per Annum, w ho could not be found; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at 150 /. 6 s.8 d. per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from to or near

Gospel Oak, in the County of Stafford, and from Can Lane to the End of Hell Lane, and from Gospel End, through the Village of Over Penn, to the Turnpike Road leading from JV olverhamptoto Stourbridge, and from Fulwood's End to the Turnpike Road at or near

Moxley, and from Chitt's Grave to or near Prince's End, and from Shelton's Hall to the Town of Bilston, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second

Time,

Maisemore Inclosure Bill reported.

Wombome, &c. Roads Bill reported.

t

Penge Inclosure Bill passed.

Llanferres and Kilken Inclosure Bill committed.

South Kelsey and Caisfcor Canal Bill committed.

Perth Roads Bill passed.

Brown's Divorce Bill passed.

Allington lurlosure Bill

716 1° Maii '. A. 1793.

Time, One by One: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Penge Common, lying within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing a Common, or Parcel of Waste Ground, called Penge Common, lying within the Hamlet of Penge, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Lord William Russell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Llanferres, in the County of Denbigh, and Kilken, in the County of Flint, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Sir Roger Moslyn, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Ancholme, in the Parish of South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, into the Parish of Caistor, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Anderson Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for making and repairing the Road from Crieff, towards Stirling and Alloa, and other Roads, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for making and repairing the Road from Crieff, towards Stirling and Alloa, and other Roads, in the said County,

Ordered, That General Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Brown, Esquire, with Susannah Solley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence «f their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, and other uninclosed Lands, within the Manor or Manors of Allington, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, and other uninclosed Lands, within the Manor or Manors of Allington, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Caiothorne do carry the Bill to the Ldrds, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Moot Hall in Wirksworth, to the Turnpike Road lead-

ing from Derby to Brassington, at, or near to, a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on Holland Ward, and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to Matlock Bath, at, or near to, a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksworth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to establish certain Regulations respecting Officers serving in several Corps of Fencible Men in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain other Corps which may be directed to be raised in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for providing that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall not be subject to any Penalties by reason of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen on Account of their advancing Money for the Payment of Bills of Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction of, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and made payable at the Bank of England; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at or near Swarkstone Bridge, to and through the Borough of Derby, to Little Eaton, with a Cut out of the said Canal, in or near the said Borough, to join the Erewash Canal near Sandiacre, and for making Railways from such Canal to several Collieries in the Parishes or Liberties of Denby, Horsley, and Smalley, all in the County of Derby, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord* have agreed to

Wirksworth Road Bill.

Bill respecting Corps of Fencible Men.

Vote #f Credit Bill.

Swarkstone Canal Bill, with Amendments.

)ff

)|ai

Its

tr

6

lilt

d

fen!

eW

W

6

Fif-

ty

real

m

latil

lira

end,

gre

c

mgr

who

certi

(inc

Mo,

kit

im,

ra

the

Hut

Cot

ant

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Moulton In-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Salt Marshes, Droves, Commons, and Waste repor Lands, within the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Nine Rights of Common upon the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, who refused to give their Consent to the Bill; and also, except the Owner of One Right of Common who is Abroad; and that the whole Number of Rights of Common on the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed is 186; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the "1 Question

:ix

tO:

ie

a

n

I!

1

t

1

.33 Geo. III. 1° Mail.

717

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

f.

-1

Si;.

k

(id a i;,

Eri

ui;

Spalding. Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to >Mioa,&c. whom the Bill for embanking and draining certain Salt wdDrab* Marshes, and Low Lands within the several Parishes of age Bill re- Spalding, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, and Gedney, in

potted the County of Lincoln, and for preventing the same Marshes and Lands from being Overflowed with the Sea; and for altering an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, " Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Gedney, and Hamlet thereof, called " Gedney Fen, in the County of ," was com*

mitted; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 382 Acres, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Land intended to be embanked and drained consists of 4,511 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

South Hoi- Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to OTBilf11" w^0m ^ie BM for draining, preserving, and improving, Itporttd. certain Lands lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, IVhapload, Holbeach, Fleet, , Sutton

Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lut-ton, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 665 Acres, or thereabouts, and of Eleven Common Rights, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands to be drained consists of 19,411 Acres, or thereabouts, and there are 347 Common Rights; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,' and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wore Once read throughout: and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mltoautho- Sir Richard Hill presented to the House, according me Justice* to Order, a Bill to authorize Justices of the Peace to b impose impose Fines upon Constables, Overseers, and other fliwnaCoa- Peace Officers, for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters so. present- of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices, *1. and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Magistrates: And the same . was received; and read the First Time.

Vol. 48.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir John Rous presented to the House, according to Bill respect-Order, a Bill for amending and altering an Act, made ing Statute in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, ^*^rpre* intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce " into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in " being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the " Public Highways within that Part of Great Britain " called England, and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Personal Labour thereby required from Labourers in Husbandry not occupying Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tythes, or Hereditaments, of the Yearly Value of Four Pounds, but wholly getting or obtaining their Living by such Labour, and also, so far as relates to the Notice required by the said Act to be given to Persons liable to perform the Duty, or Labour, thereby directed to be done: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Pawn-upon the Bill to continue, and amend, an Act, passed broker's Bill, in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating " the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wiglcy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wigley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him t o report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to amend Reading of the ingrossed Bill to alter and amend an Kirkby Ken-Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, dal Canal " An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable ActPassed'

" Canal from Kirkby Kendal, in the County of " morland, to West Houghton, in the County Palatine " of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the " said intended, Canal at or near Borwick, to or near " War ton Cragg, and also another Navigable Branch " from, at, or near, Galemoss, by Chorley, to or near " Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of

and also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near Galgate, to Glasson Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for protecting the Tolls and , Duties payable to the Corporation of Lancaster.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

8 U Then

1° Ma

A. 1793.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be Village of in the said County of Derby: And

made to toe Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 29. After " ascertained," to insert " Provided always, that such " Recbmpence and Satisfaction " shall be made to all Spiritual Persons by an Annual Rent." And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. v Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from " Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to

" Wist Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, " and also a Navigable Branch from the said intended " Canal, at or near Borwick, to or near War ton Cragg, " and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or " near, Galemoss, by Chorley, to or near in

" the said County Palatine of Lancaster;" and also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near Galgate, to Glasson Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

that Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Lord George Cavendish, add Mr. Mtmdy, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Counsel further Consideration the Report which was made heard on fur. from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, the of CWms-Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to a Place ford N*vig» called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Blackwatxr, tloB in the said County, was committed, be bow read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration;

The Amendments following were proposed to b$ made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now,* and at the End of the Question to add the Words, " upon Friday Moming next."

And the Question being put, That the Word now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the

v /Mr. Bramston, *eas,|Sir <

Penistone Bridge, &c Roads Peti-

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, tionrepoVted. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees under an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening^ the Road leading from Penistone Bridge, in the County of York, to Grindleford " Bridge, in the County of Derby, and the Roads severally leading from Bam Woodgate, over Yorkshire " Bridge, to the Guide Post on Thornhill Moor, to, or " near, the Eighth Mile Stone on Haihersage Moor,

" and to the Village of Darwent, in the said County of " Derby," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, with

John Jervis:

Teller, for the Noes,-^.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. Then the main Question being put;

45-

27-

at1

lt&

jfr.li lord

Hr J 10 ud b

Or

*G*si

,[M 1

liutin

fm

Asas

nmt

A

0

into

T

Abu

A

folic

P

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the said Report was again read.

And the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Merchants, Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Wharfs and Granaries at, or near, the Town of Maldon, and the Owners and Occupiers

respect to the Notices directed to be given in the News- of Land and Mills between the Towns of Chelmsford papers, but that the Notices on the Doors of toe Ses- and Maldon, was also read

sions Houses were not given until the Time of the last Easter Quarter Sessions, and that the said Act expires at the End of this present Session of Parliament; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and hud directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was, in Part, heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill, be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report Rew

A M \ *4 J t* 4 I 1 V _ a I . _ . 1 as MAM

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it lut'1011 re3>

said Act was read: And,

Mr. Henry Ibbetsm being examined, said, That the Trustees under the said Act have made a considerable Progress in the repairing of the said Roads, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due, with a very large Arrear of Interest; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: — And the Witness added, That it will be necessary to make some Alteration in the Tolls, and in the Situation of the Turnpike Gates.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Penistone Bridge, in the County of York, to Grifidleford, Bridge, in the County of Derby, and the Roads seve-

was referred to consider of the Report which was made from the Select Committee appointed to take into Bill Consideration the present State of Commercial Credit, ordered, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cleric's Table.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House, the present State of Commercial Credit.

Then the said Resolution was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

Resolved, That it is toe Opinion of this Committee,

That His Majesty be enabled to direct Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of Five Millions, to be issued to Commissioners, to be by them advanced, under certain Regulations and Restrictions, for the Assistance and Accommodation of such Persons as shall be desirous of receiving the same, on due Security being given for

rally leading from Bamford Woodgate, over Yorkshire the Re-payment of the Sum so advanced, within a Time Bridge, to the Guide Post on Thornhill Moor, to or near to be limited.

the Eighth Mile Stone on Hathersage Moor, and to the The said Resolution being read a Second Time,

-was,

lift;-

'k

.Ml

poodtnce considered.

ie

i*

S

f,

M

Rtp*

n

Ie P^<

OKfc *> it; , t, or Cf't 31

S

k

a

ier

to

tin

od

of

or

oe

9 ---

Pr. i. 1. 29.

Pr.

Pr.

2.

3-

1.

1.

39-

4.

1. 8.

1. 22. After

it

" ,

it

u

u

u

1. 36.I After

and it

37-J ti

ii

ti

tt

1.

1.

Pr.

Pr.

S3 Geo. III. 1° Mail.

HoC. «o by

OrM, Thu Bill be brought io upon the uid Resolution: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Master of die Rolls, the Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Pulteney., the Lord Advocate of

Mr, Ryder, Mr . Steele, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Lord Sheffield, Sir Adam F, Sir John Sinclair,

Mr. Hussey, Mr. Alderman Anderson, Mr. Mailman Trench Chiswell, and Mr. Samuel Thornton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into bBII topre- Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords 4A tent Traitor- the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent, ousCorrej- during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to, His Majesty's Enemies, bo now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Amendments be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

After " shall," insert " knowingly " and wilfully."

Leave out " or cause."

Leave out from " procure," to the Secortd "or" in Line 5, in the same Press.

Leave out " causing."

" unwrought," insert " except Cutlery Ware, not being of the Description of Anns of any Sort, and also except Buttons, Buckles, Needles, Japanned Wares, Toys, and Trinkets."

" whatsoever," insert " or any Cloathing, or any Articles or Materials of Cloathing, intended for the Use of any

Ships, or Vessels, as aforesaid, " such Persons knowing the " same to be so intended."

Pr- 4- 1. 9. Leave out from " deemed," to

" Provided," in Line 13, in the same Press, and insert " declared " and adjudged to be a Traitor or Traitors, and shall suffer " Pains of Death, and also lose " and forfeit as in Cases of High " Treason."

1- 21. Leave out from " intitled" to

" or," in Line 24, in the same Press, and insert " at the Time " of passing this Act."

1* 29* Leave out from " which," to

" were," in Line 32, in the same Press, and insert " at the Time j> K " of passing this Act"

18. After "deemed," insert " dedared," and in the same Line after " and, " leave out " be." 19. Leave out from " be," to and, " and insert " a Traitor or Traitors."

After " suffer" insert " Pains of," and in the same Line, after " Death," insert " and also lose " and forfeit," and in the same Line leave out " Case," and m-° i. 48 sert Cases."

1. 21. and 22.J Line last.

Pr. 7. 1.

1. 2.

1. 3-

1.

Pr. 8.

and 1. 33

3-1

ad |

4.]

Pr. 9.

1.

1.

24.

25-

10. 1. 10.

11.

1. 16.I and S

17.J k 19.

Pr. 12. 1. 22.

1. 36.

Pr. 13. L 5

8.

L 1.

1.

1.

1. 21.

9

17

18

u

u

Y

1. 29

719

Leave out ‘‘in counterfeitingtlie King's Money."

After ‘* deemed," insert " dedared."

After " be," leave out to " and, in Line 2, and insert " a Traitor f* or Traitors."

After " suffer" insert " Pains and in the same Line, after " Death," insert " and also lose " and forfeit."

Leave out " Case," and insert " Cases."

Leave out " in counterfeiting the " King's Money."

After " unwrought," insert " except Cutlery Ware, not being of the Description of Arms " of any Sort, and also except " Buttons, Buckles, Needles,

" Japanned Wares, Toys, and " Trinkets."

After " Goods," insert " bring." After " Tobagoinsert " or being

" on their Voyage to the said " Island."

Leave out from " charged" to " And," in Line 31, in the same Press.

Leave out " impeached of," and insert " indicted or prosecuted " for."

Leave out from " shall," to " Provided," in Press 12. Line 8. and insert " be intitled to the " Benefit of the Act of Parliament made in the Seventh " Year of William the Third, " intituled, "An Act for regulating of Trials in Cases " of Treason, and Misprision of " Treason," and also of the Provisions made by another Act " of Parliament, passed in the " Seventh Year of Queen Anne, " intituled, "An Act for improving the Union of the Two " Kingdoms."

Leave out "Twentieth," and insert " First," and in the samu Line, leave out " April," and insert " May."

Leave out " Twentieth," and insert " First," and in the same Line, leave out " May," and insert June"

Leave out " Twentieth," and insert " First," and in the same Line, leave out " May" and insert "June."

Leave out " Twentieth," and insert " First."

Leave out " July" and insert " August."

Leave out " Twentieth," and insert " First."

Leave out " July" and insert " August."

Leave out " Twentieth," and insert " First," and in the same Line, leave out " October," and insert " November."

Leave out " Twentieth," and insert " First."

L 3°-

r Mail

A. 1793.

1. 30. Leave out " October," and insert " November"

The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Pr. 3.1. 22. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 3.1. 22. being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " also except." And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Several other of the said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Pr. 7.1. 1. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 7. 1. 1. being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " or Traitors."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon

i)G

.TOO

'b*0

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, the said Amendment, by inserting after the Word Several other of the said Amendments, as far as the

" Needles," the Words, " White Pins made of Brass Amendment in Pr. 8.1. 33. being severally read a SeWire." cond Time, were, upon the Question severally put

And the Question being put, That those Words be thereupon, agreed to by the House.

of*

11

-itei

.lad1

jl0‘

O

Tk

V°

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

'9-

8

there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. John Sir Francis Basset:

Mr. Edward James Eliot,

Mr. J

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting after the Word " Wares," the Words, " Brass Foundery for Cabinet " Furniture."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas / ^r‘

lellers lor the Yeas, j Sir Basset:

Tellers for the Noes, j

So it passed in the Negative.

' Another Amendment was proposed to be made to ♦the said Amendment, by adding at the End thereof the Words " also excepted."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 3. 1. 36 and 37. being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

15-

94-

The Yeas went forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, |

80.

21.

Mr. Serjeant Watson,

Mr. Adams:

Mr. Sheridan,

Mr. Adam:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendment in Pr. 4.1. 9. being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " or Traitors."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 8. 1. 33. being read a Second Time, several Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " also except," and adding at the End of the said Amendment the Words " also excepted."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Several other of the said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Pr. 12. 1. 22. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

The Amendment in Pr. 12. 1. 22. being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting before the Word " First," the Words " Wednesday next after the."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill, with Amendments to several of them; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Commercial House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling His Credit Bill Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a pre9en limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Al

lb

T#

Te

Te

So

n

ii®

n

tee

in»

Ho

p>:

vft

! di

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for „ Reading of the Bill for the more easy raising Money raiaing Mo-

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon upon the Hundred of in the County of the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. Warwick, for paying the Damages and Costs incurred HeSbrd Several other of the said Amendments, as far as the on Account of the late Riots within the said Hundred, committed. Amendment in Pr. 6.1. 19. being severally read a Se- than is authorized to be done by the Laws now in be-cond Time, were, upon the Question severally put ing> be now read.

thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Pr. 6. 1. 19.. being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " or Trai-

" tors."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 9th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered,

33 Geo. III.

1" Mail

TOL

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, fdrthdHousfe A Petition of the several Pefsons, tvhosfe 'Names petition >Common to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, are thereunto subscribed, Participants or Owners of agaiustStaio-C*Kllof upon the Bill to enable the Common Council of the Estates within the Level of Hatfield Cftace, in the fortl) ail<1 Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on Counties of York, Lincoln, and Nottingham, for and table Notts Behalf and Account of the Corporation of the said on behalf of themselves, and other Persons, Participants

or Owners of Estates within the said Level, was pre* sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Navigation Cut, at or near forth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a Collateral

Reading of the Bill to regulate the Transfer of Shares Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dun, in

iu all Undertakings for making Navigable Canals, and the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding; and Setting

to prohibit the Transfer of Subscriptions to such intended forth, That the Petitioners and others are Participants

j^iformat- Canals for a certain Time after such Subscriptions shall or Owners of large Tracts of Land within, the said

Town, to issue Negotiable Notes, for a Time to be limited, and to a limited Amount, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Mom* ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to regulate the

Transfer of Shun in tWw tak-

ing Navigable Cauls, it, committal

have been made; Level, containing many Thousand Acres, which

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Tracts of Land are solely liable to, and chargeable "* *l :j D:"1 J " e 1 with, the Support and Preservation of the Works of

That the said Bill be now read a Second Time; The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telle* for 0,e Year,

12.

Tellers for the Noes. }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Drainage within the said Level, and the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be highly injurious and prejudicial to the Estates and Interests of the Petitioners within the said Level, and will greatly obstruct and impede the Drainage and Improvement thereof, unless proper Restrictions, Regulations, and Provisions, shall be introduced therein in that behalf: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, and that such Restrictions, Regulations, and Provisions, may be inserted in the said Bill, as will effectually protect the Petitioners from the Injury they are threatened with, and

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- that they may have such Relief in the Premises as to the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House shall seem meet.

House, upon the said Bill.

tiHfbrlimit-

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second ^ea^*Dg of the Bill for limiting, regulating, and ap-Act for yplying, the Produce of the Tolls imposed by Acts of Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said

nils, com* Aiiud

Baking Na- Parliament for making Navigable Canals and Aque-¥<‘c‘- ducts;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning nex^ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Report ou M ine and Tobacco Duties,

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, repotted from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties on Wines imported, and of the Duties on Tobacco imported, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise be allowed upon Wines consumed by Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers, on Board Ships of War in actual Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Tobacco consumed on Board Ships of War in actual Service, shall not be liable to the Payment of any

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House wiH, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Means e* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of the Captors Disj for Re. of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Jief of Cap-Prize Goods in this Kingdom, be read a Second Time tors of Prizes Tomorrow Morning. deferred.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Scotch R resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, man Catbo-upon the Bill for requiring a certain Form of Oath, Ab-

deferred.

juration, and Declaration, from His Majesty's Subjects, professing the Roman Catholic Religion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of West India the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, Trade Bill passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies; and for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama

Duty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-agreed to by the House. first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, ii/r. Minch hi, Dominion of His Majesty, in the Indies, from

Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the TVest Indies or in, the same. South and so much of the said Act, made in the

Vol. 48. 8 X Twenty-

722

2° Ma

A. 1793.

Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, that no Person appeared before the Committee to of-

as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, into Nooa Scotia, or New Brunswick, from any Country belonging to the United States of America, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned Morning Ten of the Clock.

pose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once till Tomorrow read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

S3

A?

!, JW

3

Tbt

ActK

ifcoix

*el*

ootaf

i A1 Ad1'

Jovis,2* die Mail; Anno 33* Georgii III*" Regis, 1793. Praters.

Trial of Mr. *T*HE Managers appointed to make good the Hastings. X Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster

HalL

Milcomb

Juclosuie

reported.

Mr. Page reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and , Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of JMileomb, in the Parish of Bloxham, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Two Yard Lands, who refused to consent, but said they would not oppose the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consists of Fifty-seven Yard Lands and Four Odd Lands, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in- Amend mens tituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navi- t»Sw«rk-gable Canal from the River Trent, at or near -stone Bridge, to and through the Borough of , to l0t ** Little Eaton, with a Cut out of the said Canal, in or near the said Borough, to join the Canal near

Sandiacre, and for making Railways from such Canal to several Colleries in the Parishes or Liberties of Denby, Horsley, and Smalley, all in the County of Derby.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Leave out "and," and after "Cut" insert "and Railways or Stone " Roads."

Leave out "and," and after "Cut" insert "and Railways or Stone " Roads."

Leave out "or," and after "Cut" insert " and Railways or Stone " Roads."

Leave out "or," and after "Cut" insert "and Railways or Stone " Roads."

After " ascertained " insert " Provided always, that such Recoin-" pence and Satisfaction shall be " made to all Spiritual Persons by "an Annual Rent"

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Pr. 26. 1. 1.

1. 25*

Pr. 27. 1. 1.

1.11.

Pr* 53* L 37*

Cobham fti-closure Bill reported.

Lord William Russell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, Heaths, and Marsh and Waste Lands, within foe Manor of Cobham, otherwise Coveham, in the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey, was committed; That foe Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Poor's Rate at £. 557 per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors assessed at £. 131, who did not choose to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and also, except the Proprietors assessed at £. 40, who had given no Answer; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £. 3,317 per Annum ,* and 12

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry to the Mr. Hobart Lords the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act more effec- to carry Bill tually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, corres^ood-or Aid or Assistance being given to His Majesty's ence to the Enemies, and acquaint them, that this House bath Lords, agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the said Bill, with Amendments to several of them; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Orston Indo* Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Orston and pass*"‘ Thoroton, in the Parish of Orston, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing foe Open Arable. Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Orston and Thoroton, in the Parish of Orston, in foe County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message

the B

of ft

utl

u

T!

for ci cons

late

ventf

fori

itiai

m

vide

ties1

And

a T

fori Act, sine

hffX

bej

Cil

des cor An 1 ' for or shi Cc

all

foi Jof !of "tb Pi be H

X

ol

a

A

33 Geo. III.

2° Mail.

723

-t

The Lords have agreed to

Stafford and Uuoxeter Hoads Bill

.bjm

Bfttrton Hoads Bill.

Crick bowell Bads Bill.

Jdasare

A Message from Hie Lord*, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepya:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; with out any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, diverting, and improving, the Road from Stafford to Church Bridge, and also the Road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, all in the County of Stafford, and also the Road from Stafford to Newport, in the County oiSalop; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Terms, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating, the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads and Streets in and near the Town of Brewion, in the County of Somerset, therein described, and also for repairing widening, and altering several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts; without any Amendment 1 And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and altering the Road from -herwell, in the County of B, to the Cross Hands beyond Nero Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross, und other Roads therein described, with respect to certain Parts of the Roads comprized in the sai'd Act; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common Or Waste Ground called Lightw within the Town-Bhip of Normacott, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford;without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded ns to acquaint this The Lords House, That their Lordships will proceed further in 'vl11 proceed the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday "

Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster ines's Trial Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew:

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Wine Draw-Order, a Bill to allow the Drawback of the Duties back, Bill of Customs and Excise upon Wines consumed by P^saiud. Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers, on Board Ships of War in actual Service, and to allow such Ships to be supplied with Tobacco Duty free:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill For dividing, allotting, and incios- Langley ing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste South Corn-Ground, called Langley South Common, within the Ba- y"uIl^sdure rony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, 1 passe ' in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called i Langley South Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

ind Rarford

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Thorngrafton dosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Inclosure Bill Ground, called Thorngrafton Common, and also certain Common Fields or Dales, and Pieces of Land, within the Township of Thorngrafton, all within the Barony or Manor of Wark, and in the Parish of Hallwhisile, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, Thorngrafton Common, and also certain Common Fields - ith of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign or Dales, and Pieces of Land, within the Township of Amdwtnt. of His Present Majesty, for repairing and widening all within the Manor of the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike Road between Hitchinand Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for continuing a Road from thence to the Great Northern Road, near Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

MtoiMow- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An rav4c. Cv Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or /imeod ^ana^ from Me Melton Mowbray Navigation, in the

and in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr, Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

closing,

ord$ assed s Di-ill.

County of Leicester, to Oakham, in the County of Rutland, with an Amendment;to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And

also,

The Lords have passed a BUI, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Martin, Esquire,

ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and - Griadon a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Common In-Ground, called Grindon Common, within the Barony or Manor oi Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Grindon Common, within the Barony or Manor of

Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland.

with Elizabeth Vesey, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a intituled, An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant Building Leases to Mr. Francis Hurtbatt; to which the Loras desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Vol. 48.

Ordered, That Mr. Grey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neigh- Quest. bourhood of Sheffield, being offered to be presented to for bringing the House; up a Petition

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be Shet' brought up;

The House divided.

The

Birmingham Petition for t Reform in Parliament

% MbA. 1793.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f"' } 29-

Tellers for the Nees. {Jjj; p^tcarerv: )108-

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, was offered to be presented to the Housse.

And the Question being Jjut, Theft the said Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fNfi*. 1

'Tellers for the Yeas, -j Junior, |i02a

[Mr. Lambton: J

Fellers for foe Noes, } 24.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That, according to the undisputed Principles and Forms of the Constitution, the Government of this Kingdom ought to be by King, Lords, and Commons; that the Three Estates in the Exercise of their respective Functions ought to be independent of each other; that the Third Estate, professing by its Title to be what the Constitution intended it should be, " The Commons of Great Britain " in Parliament assembled," ought to be freely elected by the Commons of the Kingdom, or by a Majority thereof; that, on the contrary, it is notorious that the -Members of the House of Commons, instead of being so elected, which alone could make them a real Representation of the People, are, in many Instances, appointed by the direct Authority or Influence of -the Executive Power, in many others by the sole Choice of powerful Individuals, and in a still greater Number by little Bodies of Men, to the general Exclusion of the Commons of Great Britain; that, in those Places where the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament being left in the Hands of a greater Number of Electors has more the Appearance of a popular Act, the Elections are conducted in such a Manner, and Success obtained by such Means, as to become a Source of Ruin to the Candidates, and of Riot, Disorder, Debauchery, and Prostitution of every Sort, among the People — That, independent of the numberless illegal Returns obtained by Bribery, the Right of Election is frequently so ill ascertained as to become the Source and Subject of perpetual Litigation; that in trying the Validity of such Returns the Time of the House of Commons is wasted, the Business of the Nation is embarrassed or retarded, and the most scandalous Scenes of Perjury and Corruption laid open without Redress or Remedy, while the Persons, returned against Right, occupy the Place of those who have been duly elected for several Sessions, in some Cases sitting and voting in Parliament, deciding on the Interests and disposing of the Property of the People, from whom they have received no Trust, Commission, or Delegation whatever. That a House of Commons so constituted cannot be considered as a true Representative of the National Will, or as a faithful Guardian of the Interests of the People: That the Petitioners are convinced, that the enormous Debt in which the Nation is involved, and the intolerable Taxes which they are compelled to pay, would not have existed, and that the Vital Blood of this Country would not have been wasted as it has been in so many ruinous and unnecessary Wars, if the House of Commons had been heretofore so constructed, as to possess either the Inclination or the Capacity to perform the Functions that belong to their Station; and that, upon a Review of the Circumstances of the Nation, the Petitioners cannot believe that a People who pay

above Twenty MHliotls a Year fri direct Taxes, could have been loaded with a Debt of Two Hundred and Fifty Millions, if that Body of Men-, to whom the Care of the Public Purse is especially intrusted, had been really the Representatives of the People, voting under the Impression of a Common Interest, and without any Temptation of private Advantage to seduce or influence their Judgment in the Performance of their Duty: And the Petitioners therefore, relying on the Virtues of some, and on the Prudence of all, humbly request that the House will forthwith take these Premises into their serious Consideration, and adopt such a Plan, for a thorough Reform in the Representation of the Commons in Parliament, as may in the first Place make it derive its Existence from the free Choice of the People, as may secure its Independence when chosen, and Anally make the Measure of shortening the Duration of Parliaments as safe as it is indispensably necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Durham, and its Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, according to the British Constitution, the House. of Commons ought to be freely and frequently chosen by the People, but, on the contrary, many of its Members are appointed by the Influence of the Executive Power, many by Individuals, several of whom are Members of another Branch of the Legislature, and the Duration of Parliaments has been extended to Seven Years: That, moreover, the Elective Franchise . is in many Cases so doubtful, that, not only the Candidates are subjected to ruinous Expences, but the Time of the Legislature is wasted in deciding upon Contested Elections, while those, who are not duly returned, are often permitted, for several Sessions, to make Laws for the People, and to vote away their Money, without having received any Authority from them — That the Petitioners attribute, in a great Measure, to this Imperfect State of Representation, the many ruinous and unnecessary Wars which the Nation has been engaged in, the enormous Load of Debt, and almost intolerable Weight of Taxes, under which they labour, and are apprehensive that its Continuance would expose to real Danger that Constitution which they feel it equally their Duty and their Interest to preserve: And therefore praying, That the House will take the imperfect State of the Representation into their serious Consideration, and provide such Remedies as to them seem best calculated to ensure to the People the free and frequent Choice of their Representatives.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Seconding Reading of the Bill for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of , on

Behalf and Account of the Corporation of the said

Town

Durham Petition for a Reform in Parliament*

Commercial Credit Bill committed*

Bill to enable the Common Council of Liverpool to issue Negotiable Notes deferred.

33 Geo. III. 2° Mail725

Town, to issue Negotiable Notes, for a Time to be limited, and to a limited Amount, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill toamend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Act relative to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in tices of Time the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the and Place of Third, intituled, "An Act for the further regulating Elections Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, ana deferred. «< for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs

and other Officers in the electing and returning " such Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Govern- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

TradV^f to cons^er further of the Government and Trade of

India. India, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next

Mr. Henry Hobart also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Government and Trade of India.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Roman Ca- *° reso^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tholics Oath upon the Bill for requiring a certain Form of Oath, Bill. Abjuration, and Declaration, from His Majesty's Subjects, professing the Roman Catholic Religion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hoghton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Report of Ordered, That the Order, of the Day, for taking ^ludeBilr 'n*° further Consideration the Report from the further cou-. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to sidertd. amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies; and for

Vo l. 48.

amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty, in the West Indies, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South America, and so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, into Nova . Scotia, or New Brunswick, from any Country belonging to the United States1 of America, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments 'to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wigley, according to Order, reported from the Pawnbrokers Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Bill reported, continue, and amend, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the Trade or " Business of Pawnbrokers," was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, ‘and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment'

was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according skidby Into Order, a bill for dividing and inclosing the Open closure Bill and Uninclosed Fields, and Arable, Meadow, and Pas- Presented-ture Lands, Pastures and Wastes, within the Township of Skidby, in the Parish of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Martin's Di-to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Martin, Esquire, vorce Bill with Elizabeth Vesey, his now Wife, and to enable him read‘ to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Farnbam to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, H.°P Tythe upon the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be Bl11 deferred* paid for the Tythe of Hops planted in Fields in the Parish of Farnham, in the County of Surrey, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws relating to Expiring the Landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plan- Law^ Bill tations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the pa#sed'

S'ving further Encouragement to the Importation of aval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth,

8 Y Produce,

A. 1793.

Bill for Relief of Captors of Prizes committed.

Bill for regulating the Powers of the Commission of Ty thes in Scotland deferred.

T26

2° — 3° Ma li.

Produce, or Manufacture, at any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe CHy from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Toole and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by s Hydrometer; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great , was

read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Landing Rum or Spirits of the 'Sugar Plantations, before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of

Naval Stores from the B/'itish Colonies in America; to the granting Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law, toi the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off* the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this. Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go mto Parts, beyond the Seas.; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarice's Hydrometer; and to revive and continue an Act, mode in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain,

Ordered, That Me. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill tp. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Veneris, 3° die Mmi;

Anno 33° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

/I RDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the Counselfur-

v further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill for ther beard on making and maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly ^i^ion from, the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, jjm. to a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River

Rlackipater, in the said County, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel against the Bill Was further heard in Support of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others. Merchants, Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Wharfs and Granaries at, or near, the Town of Maldon, and the Owners and Occupiers of Land and Mills between the Towns of Chelmsford and Maldon.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Amendments were accordingly severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were* with Amendments to several of mein, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

the Lords, by Mr. Reeds and Mr. AmeDdments

to the Bill to prevent Trai-

agreed to the Amendments made re*pondence. by this House to the Amendments made by their Lordships to the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent, during the present War between Great Britain and France, all Traitorous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being given to* His Majesty's Enemies.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from

Fepys *

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing* and landing certain Prize Goode in this Kingdom, be now read.

And, the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole. House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself ipto a Committee of the whole House, upon, the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will; Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, upon the Bill for defining and regulating the Powers of the Commission of Teinds, or Tythes, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland:

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow, Morning, Ten of the.Clock.

Mr. John Hamilton reported from the Committee, Danglass to whom the BUI for enlarging the Term and Powers Bridge and of Two Acts, of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign Haddington, of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the nfii retried Ninth Year of the Reign of His present. Majesty, for repairing the High Roads from Dunglass Bridge to the Town of Haddington, and from, thence to Ravenshaugh

Burni in the County of Haddingtonand for making amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of the said Roads within the said. Co.uaty, was. committed; and to whom the Petition, of the Magistrates and Town Council of Haddington, in their own Name, and in Name of the Burgesses and other Inhabitants of the said. Burgh; and also, the Petition of the several Land Owners, Farmers, Tenants, and Possessors of Ground, and others, Inhabitants of the County of East Lothian, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That, the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had heard the Petitioners by then;

Counsel, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found, the same to be frue; and that the Committee had' gone through the Bill, apd, made, several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Housa; and 5 he

Bath Hoads Bill presented.

West Harp. I try, Embo-row, Icc. Roads Bill reported.

Shrewsbury and Shrey-hill, Ac. Roads Bill committed.

Rockwardine and Shrewsbury Canal Bill passed.

33 Geo. III. 3° Mali.

727

he nead the Report io his Place; and afterwards delivered the BiH, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'B Tabte: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Trevelyan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term granted and continued by several Acts passed for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of -

doom Hill and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways leading to the stud City, and also for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, and for repealing the several Powers contained in the said Acts, and granting others instead thereof, for the Improvement and Repair of the said Roads: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Trevelyan reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making, amending, diverting, and widening the Roads, leading from West Harptry, to the Bath and Wells Turnpike Road at and from

West Harptry to the Bath Turnpike Road at and from West Harptry to Fore Cross, in the Parish of Churchill, Hnd from West Harptry to the Blue Bawl Inn, in Compton Martin, and from Berrington to the Town of Wrington, and from The Nine , at North Wid-combe, to Coley, in the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bilk, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BHl, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shreyhill, and other Roads, in the County of Salop; and for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Shrewsbury to Ellesmere, through Harkscott, Uffington, and Berwick, to A in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be' committed to Mr. Hill, Mr. PuUeney, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed BHl from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gianviiit's for vesting the settled Estates of Fronds Estate Bill

Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, comm*tted. and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill beiommitted to Mr. Gregor,

Mr. Grey,&c.: And they axe to meet this Afternoon,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Chute reported from the Committee, to whom odiham ajid the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, resid- Alton Road ing in or near the Towns of Odiham and Alton, in Petition re-the County of Southampton, was referred; That the ported' Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Richard Raggett being examined, said, That the Road leading from the West End of the Town of Odiham, to the East End of the Town of Alton, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious in many Places, and cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Odiham to Alton, in the County of Southampton: And that Mr.

Chute and Sir William Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lords the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- Amendment tuled, An Act for making and maintaining a Naviga- M*lton ble Cut or Canal from the Mellon Mowbray Navigation, an2'oi[£'ham in the County of Leicester, to Oakham, in the County Canal Bill of Rutland. agreed to.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fot-loweth; viz.

Pr. io. I. 29. After " Floods " insert "nor to u take or draw any Water from " or out of the Brooks, Springs,

" Or Streams of Water, running " or flowing through, or found in " or upon, the' Lands or Grounds " of the said Earl of Harborough,

" in Saxby and Wymoridharii " aforesaid, without the Licence " and Consent of the said Earl,

" his Heirs or Assigns, in Wrfting for that Purpose fiPs€ had " and obtained."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Heathcote do Carry the BHl to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the North End of the Shropshire Canal, in the Township of Rockzoardine Wood, in the County of Salop, to the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the North End' of the Shropshire Canal, in the Township of Rockwardine Wood, in the County of Salop;, to the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Hill do carry, the Bill to- the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vac. 48.

A Bill for repairing and widening that Part' of the Kelso and Road, leading from Kelso towards the Town of Selkirk, Selkirk which lies to the Eastward of the Turnpike Road Roads Bill leading from Jedburgh to Lauder, Which crosses the' cominlU River Teviot near to the Town of Kelso, and' the Road* leading from Kelso towards Coldstream, to1 the Place where it joinathe Turnpike Road leading from Green -law to Coldstream, and from Kelso, through t<y

Orange Lane, in the Parish of Eccles, in the County of Berwick, and from Ednam to Edenfoot and from Kelso

to Comhilt, in the County of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George

Douglas,

1

728 3° Mail A. 1793.

Shot tes well Inclosure Bill reported.

Sevenoakes, Tunbridge Wells, &c. Roads Bill committed.

Bessel sleigh and Hunger* ford Road Bill reported

Douglas, Mr. Pulteney, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five. of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir George Augustus William reported

from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Lands, in the Parish of Shotleswell, in the County of Warwick, was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative . to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be tme; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 9 Yard Lands, who refused to sign the Bill, but said they would not oppose; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 51 Yard Lands; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing, amending, " and rendering more effectual, so much of Three Acts " of Parliament for repairing the Roads from " oakes, Tunbridge Wells, and Cross, to

" Lamber hurst. Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent, and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of " Sussex, as relates to the Road leading from Sevenoakes " Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County of ," so far as the said Act relates to the Road from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Sir Edward &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the present Turnpike Road from

Besselsleigh to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to

Ledford, otherwise Sousley Water, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Mr. Colhoun reported from the Committee, to whom Bedford the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Fourth Charity Bill Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, rePorteJAn Act for enlarging the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of " the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir " William Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice, his " Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford," and for the better Management and Disposition of the said Estates, and the Rents and Profits thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Hohse; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken' into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Sir Hemy Hoghton, according to Order, reported Scotch Ro-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom man Catho-the Bill for requiring a certain Form of Oath, Abju- ,'c®. °ath ration, and Declaration, from his Majesty's Subjects, 1 reporte professing the Roman' Catholic Religion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to repprt to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill to inca-the 2 2d Day of April last, for reading a Second Time peltate cer-upon Monday next, the Bill to incapacitate William ^stock^0* Bern, John Horner, William Horner, James Cooper, bridge, put William Eles, William Thomas, Thomas Hamer, John off for'3 Hulbert, John Hulbert, Senior, James George Months.

Woodford, Thomas Major, John Abbot, Thomas Mab-berley, William Beaumont, John Goddard, John Senior, Joseph Nicholas, Benjamin Rogers, Charles Stanbridge, Thomas Cooper', John Elton, Senior, William Elton, Richard Geary, John Ventham, William Bryant, Edward Hayter, William Cooper, Charles Blunden, John Woodley, Robert Gatehouse, William Tonge, John Hulbert, Senior, Charles Salter, John Pitber, Job Damford, John Boscall, William Tibbie,

Hugh Goddard, Edward Bartley, Hugh Cooper, John 1 Saunders, John Edmonds, James Harris, Thomas Haines, John Ellon, James Elton, Josiah James, Joseph Coles, John Arlett, William Haines, George Sainsbury,

Edward Wigg, William Spencer, William Stacey, William Halbert, Samuel Cole, William Hayter, George Reekes, Solomon Bedford, Thomas Miller, John and John Tuttle, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Order be discharged.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. { Pok; } 53-

{Sir Francis Basset, j Mr. Thomas > 27.

son: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Timd >on this Day Three Months.

Ordered,

33 Geo. III. 3° Man. 729

East India Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Ex-frp*rs or" tract of Political Letter from the President and Council

rtd' at Fort Saint George to the Court of Directors, dated

the 16th of January 1792 — Paragraph 126.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of Political Letter from the President and Council of Fort Saint George to the Court of Directors, dated the 5th of 1792 — Paragraphs 12

and 13.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract from Fort Saint George Military and Political Consultations, dated the 28th of August 1792.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from the Board of assumed Revenue, dated the 5th of 1792, signed Haliburton. TVebbe.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of Mr. Kindei'sley's Letter of the 5th of July 1792,

to the Board of assumed Revenue.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Minutes of the President and Council of Fort Saint George, upon the Recommendation of the Board of assumed Revenue, relative to the Collections of the Revenue of Arcot during the late Assumption of the Revenues of that Province.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Letter of the President and Council of Fort Saint i George, to the Board of assumed Revenue, dated the

28th of August 1792.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of Proceedings of the Committee of assigned Revenue, dated Fort Saint George, 22d June

1785.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter to the President and Council of Fort Saint George, dated the 22d of June 1785.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of a Letter from- the Court of Directors to the President and Council of Fort Saint George, dated the 6th of May 1791, relative to the Collection of the Revenues from the Southern Poligars.

Glasgow; A Petition of the there-undersigned Heritors, Mer-and Leven; chants, Manufacturers, and others, Inhabitants of a Mormon Glasgow, and its Neighbourhood: And

Parliament. a^so' .

A Petition of the there-undersigned Inhabitants upon

Leven, and its Environs,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, according to the undisputed Principles and Forms of the Constitution, the Government of this Kingdom ought to be by King, Lords, and Commons; that the Three Estates, in the Exercise of their respective Functions, ought to be independent of each other; that the Third Estate, professing by its Title to be what the Constitution intended it should be, " The Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled," ought to be freely elected by the Commons of the Kingdom, or by a Majority thereof; that, however, it is notorious that Members of the House of Commons, instead of being so elected, are appointed, in many Instances, by the sole Choice of powerful Individuals, and in a still greater Number by small Bodies of Men, to the general Exclusion of the People of Great Britain; that, even in those Places where the Choice of Members to serve 1 in Parliament being left in the Hands of a

greater Number of Electors, and they being influenced by Wealth more than by real Merit, the Elections are, in general, conducted in such a Manner, and Success obtained by such Means, as to become a Source of Ruin to the Candidates, and of Riot, Disorder, De-Vo l. 48.

bauchery, and Prostitution of every Sort, among the People — That, independent of the numberless illegal Returns obtained by Bribery, the Right of Election is, in many Cases, so ill ascertained, and the Fictions to which it is attached are so doubtful, or obscure, as to become the Source and the Subject of perpetual Litigation; that, in trying the Validity of such Returns, the Time of the House of Commons is wasted, the Business of the Nation is embarrassed or retarded, and the most scandalous Scenes of Perjury and Corruption laid open without Redress or Remedy, while the Persons, returned against Right, occupy in some Cases, for several Sessions, the Place of those who have been duly elected, sitting and voting in Parliament, deciding on the Interest, and disposing of the Property, of the People, from whom it appears, at length, that they have received no Trust, Commission, or Delegation whatever: That the Petitioners are of Opinion, that it is not in the Nature of Things that a Nation, subjected to Twenty Millions . Annually in Taxes, could have been loaded with a Debt of Two hundred and Eighty Millions, if that Body of Men, to whom the Care of the Public Purse is specially intrusted, had been chosen by a Majority of the People:

These Inconveniences or Disorders arise in a great Measure, in the Apprehension of the Petitioners, from the Extension of the Duration of Parliaments, settled at the Period soon after the Resolution of 1688 at Three, to no less than Seven Years, by which v the People are deprived of the Power of changing their Representatives when they act contrary to the real Interests of the Nation: And the Petitioners, therefore, relying on the Justice of the House, with Deference, request, that it will forthwith take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and adopt such a Plan for a thorough Reform in the Representation of the Commons in Parliament, as may, in the first Place, make it derive its Existence from the free Choice of the People, as may secure its Independence when chosen, and finally render it as safe, as it is indispensably necessary, to shorten the Duration of Parliaments.

A Petition of those, whose Names are thereunto Alnwick Pe-severally subscribed, being Inhabitants of the Town l*tion for a and Neighbourhood of Alnwick, in the County of pa^^nt Northumberland, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, according to the undisputed Principles and Forms of the Constitution, the Government of this Kingdom ought to be by King,

Lords, and Commons that the Three Estates^ in the Exercise of their respective Functions, ought to be independent of each other; that the Third Estate, professing by its Title to be what the Constitution intended it should be, " The Commons of Great tain in Parliament assembled," ought to be freely elected by the Commons of the Kingdom, or by a Majority thereof; that, on the contrary, it is notorious that Members of the House of Commons, instead of being so elected, which alone could make them a real Representation of the People, are, in many Instances, appointed by the direct Authority or Influence of the Executive Power, in many others by the sole Choice of powerful Individuals, and in a still greater Number by little Bodies of Men, to the general Exclusion of the Commons of Great Britain; that, in those Places where the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament being left in the Hands of a greater Number of Electors has more the Appearance of a popular Act, the Elections are, in general, conducted in such a

8 Z Manner,

Campsie Petition for a Reform in Parliament.

730

3° Mail

A. 1793.

Manner, and Success obtained by such Means, as to become a Source of Ruin to the Candidates, and of Riot, Disorder, Debauchery, and Prostitution of every Sort, among the People — That, independent of the numberless illegal Returns obtained by Bribery, the Right of Election is in many Cases, so ill ascertained, and the Fictions to which it is attached are so doubtful, or obscure, as to become the Source and the Subject of perpetual Litigation; that in trying the Validity of such Returns the Time of the House of Commons is wasted, the Business of the Nation is embarrassed or retarded, and the most scandalous Scenes of Perjury and Corruption laid open without Redress or Remedy, while the Persons, returned against Right, occupy the Place of those who have been duly elected, for several Sessions, in some Cases sitting and voting in Parliament, deciding on the Interests and disposing of the Property of the People, from whom it appears, at length, that they have received no Trust, Commission, or Delegation whatsoever: That a House of Commons so constituted cannot be considered as a true Representation of the Will or Judgment of the Commons, or as a faithful Guardian of the Interests of the People: And the Petitioners therefore request, That the House will forthwith take these Premises into their serious Consideration, and adopt such a Plan for a thorough Reform in the Representation of the Commons in Parliament, as may, in the first Place, make it derive its Existence from the free Choice of the People, as may secure its independence when chosen, and finally make the Measure of shortening the Duration of Parliaments as safe, as it is indispensably necessary.

A Petition of His Majesty's Loyal Subjects of Campsie, in the County of Stirling, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, according to the undisputed Principles and Forms of the Constitution, the Government of this Kingdom ought to be by King, Lords, and Commons; that the Three Estates, in the Exercise of their respective Functions, ought to be independent of each other; that the Third Estate, professing by its Title to be what the Constitution intended it should be, " The Commons " of Great Britain in Parliament assembled," ought to be freely elected by the Commons of the Kingdom, or by a Majority thereof; that, however, it is notorious that Members of the House of Commons, instead of being so elected, are appointed, in many Instances, by the sole Choice of powerful Individuals, and in a still greater Number by small Bodies of Men, to the general Exclusion of the People of Great Britain, that, even in those Places where the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament being left in the Hands of a greater Number of Electors, and they being influenced by Wealth more than by real Merit, the Elections are in general conducted in such a Manner, and Success obtained by such Means, as to become a Source of Ruin to the Candidates, and of Riot, Disorder, Debauchery, and Prostitution of every Sort, among the People — Thar, independent of the numberless. illegal Returns obtained by Bribery, the Right of Election is, in many Cases, so ill ascertained, and the Fictions to which it is attached are so doubtful, or obscure, as to become the Source and the Subject of perpetual Litigation; that, in trying the Validity of such Returns, the Time of the House of Commons is wasted, the Business of the Nation is embarrassed or retarded, and the most scandalous Scenes of Perjury and Corruption laid open without Redress or Remedy, while the Persons, returned against Right, occupy, in some Cases, for several Sessions, the Place of those who have been duly elected, sitting and voting in Parliament, deciding on the Interest, and disposing of the Property, of the People, from whom it appears, at length, that they have received no Trust, Commission, or Delegation

whatever: That the Petitioners are of Opinion, that it is not in the Nature of Things, that a Nation, subjected to Twenty Millions Annually in Taxes, could have been loaded with a Debt of Two hundred and Eighty Millions, if that' Body of Men, to whom the Care of the Public Purse is specially intrusted, had been chosen by a Majority of the People: These Inconveniences or Disorders arise, in a great Measure, in the Apprehension of the Petitioners, from the Extension of the Duration of Parliaments, settled at the Period soon after the Resolution of 1688 at Three, to no less than Seven Years, by which the People are deprived of the Power of changing their Representatives, when they act contrary to the real Interests of the Nation: And the Petitioners therefore, relying on the Justice of the House, with Deference, request,

That it will forthwith take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and adopt such a Plan, for a thorough Reform in the Representation of the Commons in Parliament, as may, in the first Place, make it derive its Existence from the free Choice of the People, as may secure its Independence when chosen, and finally render it as safe, as it is indispensably necessary, to shorten the Duration of Parliaments.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Persons, Mer- Glasgow Pe-chants, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants of the City tition for a of Glasgow, and its Neighbourhood, w'as also presented ®efor,n in to the House, and read; Setting forth, That accord- wment* ing to the undisputed Principles and Forms of the Constitution, the Government of this Kingdom ought to be by King, Lords, and Commons; that the Three Estates, in the Exercise of their respective Functions, ought to be independent of each other; that the Third Estate, professing by its Title to be what the Constitution intended it should be, " The Commons of " Great Britain in Parliament assembled," ought to be freely elected by the Commons of the Kingdom, or by a Majority thereof; that, on the contrary, however, it is notorious that Members of the House of Commons, instead of being so elected, which alone could make them a real Representation of the People, are, in many Instances, appointed by the direct Authority or Influence of the Executive Power, in many others by the sole Choice of powerful Individuals, and in a still greater Number by small Bodies of Men, to the general Exclusion of the Commons of Great Britain; that, in those Places where the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, being left in the Hands of a greater Number of Electors, nas more the Appearance of a popular Act, the Elections are, in general, conducted in such a Manner, and Success obtained by such Means, as to become a Source of Ruin to the Candidates, and of Riot, Disorder, Debauchery, and Prostitution of severy Sort, among the People — That, independent of the numberless illegal Returns obtained by Bribery, the Right of Election is, in many Cases, so ill ascertained, and the Fictions to which it is attached are so doubtful and obscure, as to become the Source and the Subject of perpetual Litigation; that, in trying the Validity of such Returns, the Time of the House of Commons is wasted, the Business of the Nation embarrassed and retarded, and the most scandalous Scenes of Perjury and Corruption are laid open, without Redress or Remedy, while the Persons, returned against Right, occupy the Place of those who have been duly elected, for several Sessions, in some Cases sitting and voting in Parliament, deciding on the Interest, and disposing of the Property, of the People, from whom it appears, at length, that they have received no Trust,

Commission, or Delegation whatever: That the Petitioners are convinced, that it is not in the Nature of Things that a Nation, subjected to the Payment of the enormous Sum of Twenty Millions a Year in direct Taxes, could have been loaded with a Debt of Two hundred and Eighty Millions, if that Body of 7 Men,

Hamilton; and Kirken-tulloch; Fe-titious for a Reform in Parliament.

3° Mail.

731

Men, to whom the Care of the Public Purse is specially intrusted, had been really the Representatives of the People: And the Petitioners therefore, relying on the Virtue of some, and on the Prudence of many, Individuals, humbly request, That the House will forthwith take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and adopt such a Plan for a thorough Reform in the Representation of the Commons in Parliament, as may, in the first Place, make it derive its Existence from the free Choice of the People, as may secure its Independence when chosen, and finally render it as safe, as it is indispensably necessary, to shorten the Duration of Parliaments.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Inhabitants of the Town of Hamilton, in the County of Lanerk: And also,

A Petition of the there-undersigned Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Kirkent in the County of Dumbarton;

Were likewise severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That according to the undisputed Principles and Forms of the Constitution, the Government of this Kingdom ought to be by King, Lords, and Commons; that the Three Estates, in the Exercise of their respective Functions, ought to be independent of each other; that the Third Estate, professing by its Title to be what the Constitution intended it should be, " The Com*

" mons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled," ought to be freely elected by the Commons of the Kingdom, or by a Majority thereof; that, however, it is notorious that Members of the House of Commons, instead of being so elected, are appointed, in many Instances, by the sole Choice of jiowerful Individuals, and in a still greater Number by small Bodies of Men, to the general Exclusion of the People of Great Britain', that, even in those Places where the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament being left in the Hands of a greater Number of Electors, and they being influenced by Wealth more than by real Merit, the Elections are, in general, conducted in such a Manner, and Success obtained by such Means, as to become a Source of Ruin to the Candidates, and of Riot, Disorder, Debauchery, and Prostitution of every Sort, among the People — That, independent of the numberless illegal Returns obtained by Bribery, the Right of Election is, in many Cases, so ill ascertained, and the Fictions to which it is attached are so doubtful, or obscure, as to become the Source and the Subject of perpetual Litigation; that, in trying the Validity of such Returns, the Time of the House of Commons is wasted, the Business of the Nation is embarrassed or retarded, and the most scandalous Scenes of Perjury and Corruption laid open without Redress or Remedy, while the Persons, returned against Right, occupy, in some Cases, for several Sessions, the Place of those who have been duly elected, sitting and voting in Parliament, deciding on the Interest, and disposing of the Property, of the People, from whom it appears, at length, that they have received no Trust, Commission, or Delegation whatever: That the Petitioners are of Opinion, that it is not in the Nature of Things, that a Nation, subjected to Twenty Millions Annually in Taxes, could have been loaded with a Debt of Two hundred and Eighty Millions, if that Body of Men, to whom the Care of the Public Purse is specially intrusted, had been chosen by a Majority of the People: These Inconveniences or Disor-Vol. 48.

Committee on Bill to enable the Common Council of Liverpool to issue Negotiable Notes.

Petitions and Report referred.

ders arise, in a great Measure, in the Apprehension of the Petitioners, from the Extension of the Duration of Parliaments, settled at the Period soon after the Resolution of 1688 at Three, to no less than Seven Years,

by which the People are deprived of the Power of changing their Representatives when they act contrary to the real Interests of the Nation:

And the Petitioners, therefore, relying on the Justice of the House, with Deference, request,

That it will forthwith ' take the Premise's into their serious Consideration, and adopt such a Plan for a thorough Reform in the Representation of the Commons in Parliament, as may, in the first Place, make it derive its Existence from the free Choice of the People, as may secure its Independence when chosen, and finally render it as sate, as it is indispensably necessary, to shorten the Duration of Parliaments.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on Behalf and Account of the Corporation of the said Town, to issue Negotiable Notes, for a Time to be limited, and to a limited Amount, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Petition of Clayton Tarleton, Esquire, Mayor, John Greenwood, Bailiff, William bie the Younger, George Case, Thomas Earle, and John Blackburne, Aldermen, and Richard Statham, and Thomas Naylor, all Members of the Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on behalf*1 of themselves and the rest of the Common Council of the said Town; and also, the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Common Council of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, in Common Council assembled, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Commer-upon the Bill for enabling His Majesty to direct the jjVjf Credit Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned, be now' read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Report re-Select Committee, appointed to take into Considera- ferre(*-tion the present State of Commercial Credit, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

Accounts relating to the Million Bank Society ordered.

Committee on Bill for Relief of Captors of Prizes.

Bill for preventing Bribery at Stock-bridge Election deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Wine Drawback, &c. Bill committed.

732 3° — 4°

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, arid made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Property of the Million Bank Society, specifying the Amount of the Capital Sums in the Public Funds, and other Securities, and the Amount of the Money now in their own Hands, or in the Hands of their Bankers, and also the Amount of the Dividends unpaid, exclusive of the Dividends for the Half Year ending the 5 th Day of April last, and which is directed not to be paid till the 7th Day of May Instant.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Names of the Directors of the Million Bank Society, and the Amount of the several Sums of the Capital Stock standing in their Names, and also the respective Dates of their first purchasing or becoming Proprietors in the said Capital.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Date of the last Transaction of the Million Bank Society, in granting, purchasing, or Sale of any Annuity for Life, or for Term of Years, and also, the Date of the last Transaction of the said Society in any other Business or Dealing, except the receiving the Exchequer Annuities that expired in February 1792, the Dividends on the Sums in the Public Funds, and the investing the Surplus in the Funds.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whyle House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and . Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers,

Man. 1793.

on board Ships of War in actual Service, and to allow such Ships to be supplied with Tobacco Duty-free, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further " regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and " returning such Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election. *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defining and regulating the Powers of the Commission of Teinds, or Tythes, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland.

Bill to amend Act relative to Publica-cation of Notices of Time and Place of Elections deferred.

Bill for regulating the Powers of the Commission of Tjthes in Scotland deferred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sahbati, 4* dieMaii;

Anno 330 Georgii III*1* Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

MR. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Bill for Re-froin the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, reported.1'*'* with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. *

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do make the Re- Mr. Hobart j port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for con- to report tinuing the Term, and altering, enlarging, and consoli- j

dating, the Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, passed 04 1 '

in the Twenty-first and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Fiercebridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End, in the same County, was committed.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Bill for pre-Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- venting Bri-mittee of the whole House, upon Tuesday Morning ^kablrid next, upon the Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Election g Corruption in ithe Election of Members to serve in Par- deferred, liament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County j

of Southampton, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered,

'J

1

33 Geo. III.

4° — 6° Mail

Piercebridge Road Bill reported.

Committee on Wine Drawback, ice. Bill.

Bill to enable the Common Council of Liverpool to iwue Negotiable Notes reported.

Dean and Chapter of Canterbury Leases Bill read.

a.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarging,* and consolidating, the Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Piercebridge to -

rington, in the County of Dand from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End, in the same County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, add made several Amendments thereunto, which they had -directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there- upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers, on Board Ships of War in actual Service, and to allow such Ships to be supplied with Tobacco Duty free, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the- said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Thomas Stanley, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable the Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on behalf and account of the Corporation of the said Town, to issue Negotiable Notes, for a Time to be limited, and to a limited Amount, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant Building Leases to Mr. Francis Hurlbatt, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Vol. 48.

733

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Commercial from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Credit Bill the Bill for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of rePorted-Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for allowing a summary Application to the Court of Exchequer by the Persons claiming the Goods warehoused, if there is any Question concerning the Property.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be . made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, that, if the Whole of the First Number of Exchequer Bills are not issued in the Time limited, the Residue may be issued in a subsequent Period.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that the Officers of Customs and Excise shall receive the Goods deposited, and transmit a Certificate thereof to the Commissioners. '

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 6* die Mali;

Anno 33* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1793.

Praters.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Ar- Trial of Mr.

tides of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Heatings. Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill for En-Tuesdaylast, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow, couragement the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Commercial Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for enabling His Credit Bill Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a Th^Time limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

9 A An

'by

734 6° Mail A. 1793.

Commercial An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Cfe<ed by Way of Ryder, directing that the Commis-

pawed. sioners may sue anJ be sued by the Name of their Secretary, and that the Wares deposited with the Commissioners shall be vested in them.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for limiting the Quorum of the Commissioners to Seven, unless otherwise provided for by the Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for tendering Amends, limiting the Time within which Actions shall be brought, and enabling the Commissioners to plead the General Issue, and give the Act in Evidence.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 21. 1. 17. To leave out " Barons of the."

1. 28. To leave out " Barons" and insert " Courts respectively;" and to leave out " think just" and insert " direct" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

The Amendment following was also proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 22. I.3. After " " to insert "

" lisle."

And the Question being put, That the Word "

" lisle" be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment following was likewise proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 33. 1. 14. After " said" to insert " respective " Courts of."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That that the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for Re- An ingrpssed Bill for the Relief of the Captors of

lief of Cap- Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing cer-passed.PrU€8 *a'n Prize Goods in this Kingdom, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the BiH to the Lords, end desire their Concuirencp,

Bill to enable Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third

the Common Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed; to enable the Liwpool to Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the issue Nego- County of Lancaster, on behalf end account of the tiable Notes Corporation of the said Town, to issue Negotiable pa&sed. Notes, for a Time to be limited, and to limited Amount, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act to enable the Common Council of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on behalf and account of the Corporation of the said Town, to issue Negotiable Notes, for a limited Time, and to a limited Amount.

Ordered, That Mr. Gascoyne do casry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the People of Great Britain are not equally represented in Parliament, but that Property in Boroughs, and the Interference of a Powerful Aristocracy in Counties, destroy, the Freedom of Elections, and disfranchise a large Majority of the Nation, and the Petitioners are of Opinion, that from, the Inequality of Representation, and from the Bribery and corrupt Proceedings at Elections, together with the extended Duration of Parliament, anise all the Evils and Grievances so much complained of by the People at large; and, at the same Time, upon the most mature Reflection and diligent Enquiry, they are assured that the present System, of Representation is contradictory to the Rights of Man, and unauthorized by the genuine Principles of the British Constitution: lor in the memorable Bill of Rights " full, free, and " frequently elected Parliaments are claimed, demanded, and insisted upon, as the undoubted and " unalienable Rights of its illustrious Framers, and " their Posterity to the End of Time " And the Petitioners therefore, relying upon the Virtue of many, and the Prudence of others, request and hope that the House will freely receive and deeply consider tins, their Petition, and speedily redress the Grievances complained of.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord, and Mr. JVallcer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Claxton, of Bristol, Merchant, to take the Oath prescribed and directed to be taken by an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Ely to sell the Castle of Wisbech St. Peter's, in the Isle if Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and the Gardens and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale in Manner therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smith, Esquire, deceased, to accept a Grant of a Rent Charge or clear Annual Payment or Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be charged upon, and paid and payable at Michaelmas in every Year, by, and out of, a Messuage, Farm, and Lands, of the Right honourable Jeffery Lord Amherst, in the Parish of Horley, in the County of Surrey, in Exchange for several Pieces or Parcels of Land situate, lying, and being, in Seoenoaks, in the County of f> inclosed from the Waste of the Manors of Sevenoaks and Knoicle, or one of them, and to convey the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land to the said Jeffery Lord 9 Amherst,

Derby Petition for a Reform in Parliament,

The Lords have agreed to

Milton Bryant Inclosure Bill.

Mr.Clax-ton's Bill.

The Lords have passed Bill to enable the Bishop of Ely to sell the Castle of Wisbech St. Peter's.

Smith's Trustees and Lord Amherst's Exchange Bill.

33 Gfio. 111.

6° Mail

m

Xewnham's Estate Bill.

The Lords will proceed on Thursday on Mr. Hast inss s Trial.

Amherst, and his Heirs, accordingly; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this. House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the settled Estates of John New Esquire, in John Tray ton Fuller, Esquire; to which the Lords, desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday, Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

London and A Petition of sundry Inhabitants of the Cities of Westminster London, Westminster, and their Vicinity, was presented Reform inr& Vie House, and read; Setting forth, That, in all Parliament. Governments formed to produce the Good of the People, and not the Aggrandizement and Emolument of a few, every Man is, or ought to be, in some Measure, his owh Legislator; and this Maxim has received not only the Sanction of Writers on the Theory of Government, but has been expressly avowed, by the ablest Statesmen and Lawyers which this Country has produced, as congenial to the Spirit of our Free Constitution; and that the Petitioners conceive the following Principle, " That no Man shall be taxed but by " the Consent of himself, or his Representative freely " chosen by himself," to be among the most valuable of our Rights as Britons; and, it is with the deepest Sorrow they behold so wide a Departure from it in the present practical System of Government, as to render that valuable Right rather a dead Letter than a living Spirit and a substantial Good: The Forms of the

Constitution they conceive, like those of Religion, were not established for the Form's Sake, but for the Substance; to preserve, therefore, the one, when the other is fled, would be both an Insult upon their Feelings, and a Mockery of their Understandings — That it is with peculiar Pleasure the Petitioners hear it avowed by many Members of the Legislature, that it contains within itself a Power competent to the Correction of all Abuses: This important Position the Petitioners readily admit; and, as no Man is hardy enough to deny the Existence of Abuses (whatever difference may prevail as to the proper Period of correcting the m) the Petitioners trust that the House of Commons will not convert this salutary Truth into a barren and unproductive Assertion, but that they will be as ready to apply the Remedy as they are free to admit the Existence of the Evil: The Constitution which we received from our Forefathers the Petitioners think themselves bound to transmit unblemished to their Posterity; and as by the stern Virtue of our Ancestors it was acquired, so, by the Firmness of their Descendants, the Petitioners trust, it will be preserved: Impressed as the Petitioners are with the deepest Reverence for the Wisdom of this Honourable House, they cannot entertain the most distant Suspicion that the Consideration of the enormous Grievance complained of is below the Dignity of Parliament, since true Dignity can never subsist independent of Justice; and since all Bodies of Men, however elevated, may forfeit it by the Breach, and can only preserve it by the Discharge, of their Duty, the Petitioners anxiously hope, and firmly trust, that the House will speedily adopt such Measures as may restore the Harmony, so essential to all Government, between the Representative and Constituent Bodies; that they will renew the genuine Principles of our Constitution, which, through lapse of Time, have fallen into Decay; and that by making the House of Commons the Organ of the Public Will, and the express Image of the Feelings of the People, they will eradicate those Corruptions, which, if suffered to pray on the Vitals of the Constitution, must, ere long, terminate in its Dis-Voju 48.

sehition-<*~Thnfe if the Mouse as<Jede in the Petitioners Prayer, and, taking, the Subject into their serious Consideration!. should require of them to state a specific Plan of Reform, with all due Respect, the Petitioners refer the House to the One laid down Ten Years back, by the Duke of Richmond, giving their hearty Assent to every Point of it; and being decidedly of the same Opinion with his Grace, that " the restoring the Right of Voting H universally to every Man not incapacitated by Nature " for want of Reason, or by Law for the Commission "of Crimea, together with Annual Elections,'' is the only Reform that cap be effectual, permanent, or even practicable.

A Petition of the there-underwritten Inhabitants Suffolk* of divers Parts of the County of Suffolk: And also, Poole/aW-A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and gate; War-County of the Town of Boole, and its Environs: And Huddersfield*

. Petitions for

A Petition of sundry Inhabitants residing in and near a Reform in the Parish oiAldgate, in the City of London: And also, Parliament.

A Petition of the Inhabitants, of the Borough and Neighbourhood of Warwick, whose Names are thereunder written: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Huddersfield, and its Neighbourhood;

Ware also severally presented, to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, according to the undisputed Principles and Forms of the Constitution, the Government of this Kingdom ought to be by King, Lords, and Commons; that the Three Estates, in the Exercise of their respective Functions, ought to be independent of each other; that the Third Estate, pro-. fessing by its Title to bq what the Constitution intended it should be, " The Commons of Great Britain *0 Parliament assembled," ought to be freely elected by the Commons of thp Kingdom, or by a Majority thereof; that on the contrary, it is notorious that Members of the House of Commons, instead of beipg so elected, which alone could make them, a real Representation of the People, are, in many Instances, appointed by the direct Authority or Influence of the Executive Power, in many others, by the sole Choice of powerful Individuals, ana in a still greater N umber by little Bodies of Men, to the general Exclusion of the Commons of Great Britain; that in those Places where the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, being left in the Hands of a greater Number of Electors, has more the Appearance of a popular Act, the Elections are, in general, conducted in such a Manner, and Success obtained by such Means, as to become a Source of Ruin to the Candidates, and of Riot, Disorder, Debauchery, and Prostitution, of every Sort, among the People — That, independent of the numberless illegal Returns, obtained by Bribery, the Right of Election is, in many Cases, so ill ascertained, and the Fictions to which it is attached are so doubtful, or obscure, as. to become the Source and the Subject of perpetual Litigation; that, in trying the Validity of such Returns, the Time of the House of Commons is wasted, the Business of the Nation embarrassed, or retarded, and the most scandalous Scenes of Perjury and Corruption laid, open, without Redress or Remedy, while the Persons, returned against Right, occupy the Place of those who have been duly elected, for several Sessions, in some Cases sitting and voting in Parliament, deciding on the Interests, and disposing, of the Property of the People, from whom it appears, at length, that they have received no Trust, Commission, or Delegation whatsoever: That a House of Commons,

so

Dundee Petition for a Reform in Parliament.

6° Mali.

A. 1793.

BO constituted, cannot be considered as a true Representative of the Will or Judgment of the Commons, or as a faithful Guardian of the Interests of the Peope: That the Petitioners are convinced, that the enormous Debt in which the Nation is involved, and the intolerable Taxes which they are compelled to pay, would not have existed, and that the Vital Blood of this Country would not have been wasted, as it has been in so many ruinous and unnecessary Wars, if the House of Commons - had been heretofore so constructed as to possess, either the Inclination, or the Capacity, to perform the Functions that belong to their Station; and that, upon a Review of the Circumstances of the Nation, the Petitioners cannot believe, that a People, who pay above Twenty Millions a Year in direct Taxes, could have been loaded with a Debt of Two hundred and Fifty Millions, if that Body of Men, to whom the Care of the Public Purse is especially intrusted, had beeii really the Representatives of the People, voting under the Impression of a Common Interest, and without any Temptation of private Advantage to seduce or influence their Judgment in the Performance of their Duty: And the Petitioners therefore, relying on the Virtue of some, and on the Prudence of many, Individuals, humbly request, That the House will forthwith 'take these Premises into their serious Consideration, and adopt such a Plan for a thorough Reform in the Representation of the Commons in Parliament, as may, in the First Place, make it derive its Existence from the free Choice of the People, as may secure its Independence when chosen, and finally make the Measure of shortening the Duration of Parliaments as safe, as it is indispensably necessary.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Dundee, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, according to the undisputed Principles and Forms of the Constitution, the Government of this Kingdom ought to be by King, Lords, and Commons; that the Three Estates, in the Exercise of their respective Functions, ought to be independent of eaoh other; that the Third Estate, professing by its Title to be what the Constitution intended it should be, " The Commons of " Great Britain1 in Parliament assembled," ought to be freely elected by the Commons of the Kingdom, or by a Majority thereof; that, however, it is notorious that Members of the House of Commons, instead of being so elected, which* alone could make them a real Representation of the People, are, in many Instances, appointed by the sole Choice of powerful Individuals, and in a still greater Number by small Bodies of Men, to the general Exclusion of the Commons of Great Britain; that, in those Places where the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, being left in the Hands of a greater Number of Electors, has more the Appearance of a popular Act, the Elections are, in general, conducted in such a Manner, and Success obtained by such Means, as to become a Source of Ruin to the Candidates, and of Riot, Disorder, Debauchery, and Prostitution of every Sort, among the People — That, independent of the numberless illegal Returns obtained by Bribery, the Right of Election is, in many Cases, so ill ascertained, and the Fictions to which it is attached are so doubtful, or obscure, as to become the Source and the Subject of perpetual Litigation; that, in trying the Validity of such Returns, the Time of the House of Commons is wasted, the Business of the Nation is embarrassed or retarded, and the most scandalous Scenes of Perjury and Corruption laid open, without Redress or Remedy, while

the Persons, returned against Right, ofccujjy the Place of those who have been duly elected, for several Sessions, in some Cases sitting and voting in Parliament, deciding on the Interests, and disposing Of the Property of the People, from whom it appears, at length, that they have received no Trust, Commission, or Delegation whatever: That the Petitioners are convinced that, had the Representation of the People in Parliament been more equal, and its Duration shorter, the Amount of the Public Burthens would not have been so enormous as it now is: And the Petitioners therefore, relying on the Wisdom and Justice of Parliament humbly request, that the House will take the Premises into their early and serious Consideration, and adopt such a Plan of Reform as may effectually remove the Grievances complained of.

A Petition of the there-undersigning Persons, Manufacturers, Merchants, Heritors, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Paisley, and its Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Montrose: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of the Burgh of Kilmarnock: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the B orough of Kirkaldy, Path-head, Links, and Neighbourhood: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Burgh of.

Nexvmilns, Village of Derval, and Parish of Loudoun, in the County of Ayr;

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, according to the undisputed Principles and Forms of the Constitution, the Government of this Kingdom ought to be by King, Lords, and Commons; that the Three Estates, in the Exercise of their respective Functions, ought to be independent of each other; that the Third Estate, professing by its Title to be what the Constitution intended it should be, " the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled," ought to be freely elected by the Commons of the Kingdom, or by a Majority thereof; that, on the contrary however, it is notorious that Members of the House of Commons, instead of being so elected, which alone could make them a real Representation of the People, are, in many Instances, appointed by the direct Authority* or Influence of the Executive Power, in many others by the sole Choice of powerful Individuals, and in a still greater Number by small Bodies of Men, to the general Exclusion of the Commons of Great; that, in

those Places where the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, being left in the Hands of a greater Number of Electors, has more the Appearance of a popular Act, the Elections are, in general, conducted in such a Manner, and Success obtained by such Means, as to become a Source of Ruin to the Candidates, and of Riot, Disorder, Debauchery, and Prostitution of every Sort, among the People — That independent of the numberless illegal Returns obtained by Bribery, the Right of Election is, in many Cases, so ill ascertained, and the Fictions to which it is attached, are so doubtful, or obscure, as to become the Source and the Subject of perpetual Litigation; that, in trying the Validity of such Returns, the Time of the House of Commons is wasted, the Business of the Nation embarrassed and retarded, and the most scandalous Scenes of Perjury and Corruption are laid open, without Redress or Remedy, while the Persons, returned against

Right,

Paisley; Montrose; Kilmarnock &c, and Kirkaldy; Newmilns; &c. Petitior for a Reforn in Parliament.

Perth Petitions for a Reform in Parliament.

33 Geo. III.

6° M

737

Right, occupy the Place of those who have been duly elected, for several Sessions, in some Cases sitting and voting in Parliament, deciding on the Interests, and disposing of the Property, of the People, from whom it appears, at length, that they have received no Trust, Commission, or Delegation whatever: That the Petitioners are convinced, that it is not in the Nature of Things, that a Nation, subjected to the Payment of the enormous Sum of Twenty Millions a Year in direct Taxes, could have been loaded with a Debt of Two hundred and Eighty Millions, if that Body of ' Men, to whom the Care of the Public Purse is specially intrusted, had been really the Representatives of the People: And the Petitioners therefore, relying on the Virtue of some, and on the Prudence of many, Individuals, humbly request, That the House will forthwith take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and adopt such a Plan, for a thorough Reform in the Representation of the Commons in Parliament, as may, in the first !Place, make it derive: its Existence from the free Choice of the People, as may secure its Independence when chosen, and finally render it as safe, as it is indispensably necessary, to shorten the Duration of Parliaments.

A Petition of the thereunder Subscribers, Inhabitants of the County of Perth: And also,

A Petition of the Persons thereunto subscribing, Inhabitants of the County of Perth; .

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, according to the undisputed Principles and Forms of the Constitution, the Government of this Kingdom ought to be by King, Lords, and Commons; that the Three Estates, in the Exercise of their respective Functions, ought to be independent of each other; that the Third Estate, professing by its Title to be what the Constitution intended it should be, " The Commons of " Great Britain in Parliament assembled," ought to be freely elected by the People at large, and, by Act 1694, ought not, at the longest, to continue longer than Three Years; that, on the contrary however, it is notorious that Members of the House of Commons, instead of being so constituted and elected, which alone could make them a real Representation of the People, are, in many Instances, appointed by the direct Authority, or Influence, of the Executive Power, in many others, by the sole Choice of powerful Individuals, and in a still greater Number by small Bodies of Men, to the general Exclusion of the Commons of Great Britain; that, in those Places where the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, beingdeft in the Hands of a greater Number of Electors, has more the Appearance of a popular Act, the Elections are, in general, conducted in such a Manner, and Success obtained by such Means, as to become a Source of Ruin to the Candidates, and of Riot, Disorder, Debauchery, and Prostitution of every Sort, among the People — That, independent of the numberless illegal Returns obtained by Bribery, the Right of Election is, in many Cases, so ill ascertained, and the Fictions to which it is attached are so doubtful, or obscure, as to become the Source and the Subject of perpetual Litigation; that, in trying the Validity of such Returns, the Time of the House of Commons is wasted, the Business of the Nation embarrassed and retarded, and the most scandalous Scenes of Vol. 48.

Perjury and Corruption are laid open, without Redress or Remedy, while the Persons, returned against Right, occupy the Place of those who have been duly elected, for several Sessions, in some Cases sitting and voting in Parliament, deciding on the Interests, and disposing of the Property, of the People, from whom it appears, at length, that they have received no Trust, Commission, or Delegation whatever: That the Petitioners are convinced, that it is not in the Nature of Things that a Nation, subjected, to the Payment of the enormous Sum of Twenty Millions a Year in direct Taxes, could have been loaded with a Debt of Two hundred and Eighty Millions, if that Body of Men, to whom the Care of the Public Purse is specially intrusted, had been really the Representatives of the People: And the Petitioners therefore humbly request, That the House will forthwith take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and adopt such a Plan, for a thorough Reform in the Representation of the Commons in Parliament, as may, in the first Place, make it derive its Existence from the free Choice of the People, as may secure its Independence when chosen, and finally render it as safe, as it is indispensably necessary, to shorten the Duration of Parliaments.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Edinburgh;

burgh, and its Environs: And also, Dunfermline;

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Burgh of sn-athaven Dunfermline: And also, Galston;

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Burgh of Roxbrough; Irvine, &c.: And also, and

' ' now 1 Cvl*

A Petition of the People in and about Stratliaven: tions for a And also, Reform in

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parish of Gal- P^liament. ston, in the County of Ayr: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of the County of Roxbrough: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Burgh of Linlithgow;

Were also severally presented to the House, and read, Setting forth, That, according to the undisputed Principles and Forms of the Constitution, the Government of this Kingdom ought to be by King, Lords, and Commons; that the Three Estates, in the Exercise of their respective Functions, ought to be independent of each other; that the Third Estate, professing by its Title to be what the Constitution intended it should be, " The Commons " of Great Britain in Parliament assembled," ought to be freely elected by the Commons of the Kingdom, or by a Majority thereof; that, however, it is notorious that Members of the House of Commons, instead of being so elected, which alone could make them a real Representation of the People, are, in many Instances, appointed by the direct Authority, or Influence, of the Executive Power, in many others by the sole Choice of powerful Individuals, and in a still greater Number by small Bodies of Men, to the general Exclusion of the Commons of Great Britain; that, in those Places where the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, being left in the Hands of a greater Number of Electors, has more the Appearance of a popular Act, the Elections are, in general, conducted in such a Manner, and Success obtained by such Means, as to become a Source of Ruin, to the Candidates, and of Riot, Disorder, Debauchery, and Prostitution of every Sort, among the People — That, independent of the numberless illegal Returns obtained by Bribery, the Right of Election is,

9B iQ

A. 1793*

Anstruther Petition for a Reform in Parliament.

6° M

in many Cases, so ill ascertained, and the Fictions to which it is attached* are so doubtful, or obscure, as to become the Source and the Subject of perpetual Litigation; that, in trying the Validity of such Returns, the Time of the House of Commons is wasted, the Business of the Nation is embarrassed, or retarded, and the most scandalous Scenes of Perjury and Corruption laid open, without Redress or Remedy, while the Persons, returned against Right, occupy the Place of those who have been duly elected, for several Sessions, in some Cases sitting and voting in Parliament, deciding on the Interests, and disposing of the Property, of the People, from whom it appears, at length, that they have received no Trust, Commission, or Delegation whatever: That the Petitioners are convinced, that it is not in the Nature of Things, that a Nation, subjected to Twenty Millions in Taxes, could have been loaded with a Debt of Two hundred and Eighty Millions, if that Body of Men, to whom the Care of the Public Purse is specially intrusted, had been really the Representatives of the People: And the Petitioners, therefore, relying on the Virtue of some, and , on the Prudence of many, Individuals, hum-

bly request, That the House will forthwith take the Premises into their serious Consideration, and adopt such a Plan for a thorough Reform in the Representation of the Commons in Parliament, as may, in the first Place, make it derive its Existence from the free Choice of the People, as may secure its Independence when chosen, and finally render it as safe, as it is indispensably necessary, to shorten the Duration of Parliaments.

A‘ Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Anstrutliej', was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, according to the undisputed Principles and Forms of the Constitution, the Government of this Kingdom ought to be by King, Lords, and Commons; that the Three Estates, in the Exercise of their respective Functions, ought to be independent of each other; that the Third Estate, professing by its Title to be what the Constitution intended it should be, " The Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled," ought to be freely elected by the Commons of the Kingdom, or by a Majority of them; that, however, it is notorious, that Members of the House of Commons, instead of being so elected, which alone could make them a real Representation of the People, are, in many Instances, appointed by the direct Authority or Influence of the Executive Power, in many others by the sole Choice of powerful Individuals, and in a still greater Number by small Bodies of Men, to the general Exclusion of the Commons of Great Britain; that, in those Places where the Choice of Members to serve in Parliament, being left in the Hands of a greater Number of Electors, has more the Appearance of a popular Act, yet the Elections are, in general, conducted in such a Manner, and Success obtained by such Means, as to become a Source of Ruin to the Candidates, and of Riot, Disorder, Debauchery, and Prostitution of every Sort, among the People — That, independent of the numberless illegal Returns obtained by Bribery, the Right of Election is, in many Cases, so ill ascertained, and the Fictions to which it is attached are so doubtful, or obscure, as to become the Source and the Subject of perpetual Litigation; that, in trying the Validity of such Returns, the Time of the House of Commons is wasted, the Business of the Nation is embarrassed, or retarded, and the most scandalous Scenes of Perjury and Corruption laid open without Redress or Remedy, while the Persons, returned

9

against Right, occupy the Place of those who have been duly elected, for several Sessions, in some Cases sitting and voting in Parliament, deciding on the Interests, and disposing of the Property, of the People, from whom it appears, at length, that they have received no Trust, Commission, or Delegation whatever: That the Petitioners are convinced that, had the Representation of the People in Parliament been more equal, and its Duration shorter, the Amount of the Public Burthens would not have been so enormous as it now is: And the Petitioners therefore, relying on the Wisdom and Justice of Parliament, humbly request, That the House will take the Premises into their early and serious Consideration, and adopt such a Plan of Reform as may effectually remove the Grievances complained of.

A Petition was likewise presented to the House, and Nottingham read; Setting forth, We, the Manufacturers, Trades- Pe, Uonfora men, and other Inhabitants of the Town of parliament.

ham, and its Neighbourhood, approach your Honourable House, with a respectful Confidence, to request, for ourselves, and for our Country, the Restoration of those Rights, in which the Honour and the Happiness of the whole Community are involved: We had been taught to revere our Constitution, to believe it to be in its Nature guarded against Abuse; and, while Things went well, we concluded that all was well, and that the Constitution, to which we attributed our Blessings, continued to deserve'our Reverence: Fatal Experience of the heaviest Ills that can fall on a great and liberal Nation has undeceived us, and, with Grief and Shame, we have found, that the Prosperity of better Times was derived from the better Spirit of those Times, that, when this better Spirit was gone, the Weakness and Degeneracy of our Constitutional Frame betrayed itself; that, that which is the Essence of it, a true and unmixed Representation of the People, had but a very partial Existence, and, that to this radical Corruption all the Evils of our Country are indisputably to be ascribed: Presuming that National Disgrace and Ruin are equally unacceptable to you as to us, we earnestly request, at your Hands, that which alone remains to our Recovery: We request that your Honourable House be again rendered what it was ever designed to be, the Representation of the Commons of England, and of the Commons alone; that the Abuses which Time, which Accident, or Design, have introduced into it, be done away; and, that there be, in its Formation, a Security that the Voice of the People of England be found in your future Deliberations: We earnestly request the Repeal of the Septennial Act, that Duration of Parliamentary Trust which the People never gave, never meant to give, in which we see nothing but what is dangerous to all the Interests of the People, what tends to an Oblivion of the Connection between you and the People, and, as a daring Precedent, may lead to a total Abolition of it:

To you we look for the Restoration of these Rights, a purer Representation of the People, and a more limited Duration of Parliamentary Trust; nor can we permit ourselves to Doubt, that a Petition of so much Right,

Wisdom,' and National Safety, will vindicate itself to your Honourable House, will meet with that instant and serious Attention which its immense Importance requires.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A printed Petition from the Citizens and Inhabitants Motion for of Norwich, praying for a Reform in Parliament, was

offered to be presented to the House. ,jon frome

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Norwich, proposed, That the said Petition be brought up; withdrawn.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 23d Day of September 1656, of the Resolution, " That no private Petition,

33 Geo. III.

6° Man.

" to be directed to the Parliament, be printed before the same be read in the House," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 1st Day of December 1656, of the Order, " That the Order against printing " private Petitions before they are presented to this " House, be duly observed; and that the Serjeant attending this House shall seize upon such printed " Petitions, in the Hands of any Person that shall " deliver or disperse the same," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The Motion for bringing up the said Petition was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Petition from A Petition of certain Persons, whose Names are

certain Per- thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Refora in read; Setting forth, That, by the Form and Spirit of Parliament. the British Constitution, the King is vested with the sole Executive Power: 'That the House of Lords consists of Lords Spiritual and Temporal, deriving their Titles and Consequence either from the Crown or from Hereditary Privileges: That these Two Powers, if they acted without ControuV would form either a despotic Monarchy or a dangerous Oligarchy: That the Wisdom of our Ancestors hath contrived that these Authorities may be rendered not only harmless but beneficial, and be exercised for the Security and Happiness of the People: That this Security and Happiness are to be looked for in the Introduction of a Third Estate, distinct from, and a Check upon, the other Two Branches of the Legislature, created by, representing, and responsible to, the People themselves: That, so much depending upon the Preservation of this Third Estate in such its Constitutional Purity and Strength, the Petitioners are reasonably jealous of whatever may appear to vitiate the one, or to impair the other: That, at the present Day, the House of Commons does not fully and fairly represent the People of Engla, which, consistently with what the Petitioners conceive to be the Principles of die Constitution, they consider as a Grievance, and therefore, with all becoming Respect, lay their Complaints before this House: That, though the Terms in which the Petitioners state their Grievance may be looked upon as strong, yet the House is entreated to believe, that no Expression is made use of for- the Purpose of Offence: The Petitioners in affirming that the House is not an adequate Representation of the People of England, do but state a Fact which, if the Word " Representation " be accepted in its fair and obvious Sense, they are ready to prove, and which they think detrimental to their Interests, and contrary to the Spirit of the Constitution: How far this inadequate Representation is prejudicial to their Interests, the Petitioners apprehend they may be allowed to decide for themselves, but how far it is contrary to the Spirit of the Constitution, they refer to the Consideration of the House: If the House shall be pleased to determine that the People of England ought not to be fully represented, the Petitioners pray that such Determination may be made known, to the end that the People may be apprized of their real Situation; but, if the House shall conceive that the People are already fully represented, then the Petitioners beg Leave to call the Attention of the House to the following Facts — The Petitioners complain, that the Number of Representatives assigned to the different Counties is grossly disproportioned to their comparative Extent, Population, and Trade: The Petitioners complain, that the elective Franchise is so partially and unequally distributed, and is in so many Instances committed to Bodies of Men of such very limited Numbers, that the Majority of the House is elected by less than Fifteen Thousand Electors, which, Vol. 48.

even if the Male Adults in the Kingdom be estimated at so low a Number as Three Millions, is not more than the Two Hundredth Part of the People to be represented: The Petitioners complain, that the Right of Voting is regulated by no uniform or rational Principle: The Petitioners complain, that the Exercise of the elective Franchise is only renewed once in Seven Years: The Petitioners thus distinctly state the subject Matter of their Complaints, that the House may be convinced that they are acting from no Spirit of general Discontent, and that the House may with the more Ease be enabled to enquire into the Facts, and to apply the Remedy — For the Evidence in Support of the First Complaint, the Petitioners refer to the Return Book of the House: Is it fitting that Rutland and Yorkshire should bear an equal Rank in the Scale of County Representation ? or can it be right that Cornu-all alone should, by its extravagant Proportion of Borough Members, out-number, not only the Representatives of Yorkshire and Rutland together, but of Middlesex added to them ? or, if a Distinction be taken between the Landed and the Trading Interests, must it not appear monstrous, that Cornwall and Wiltshire should send more Borough Members to Parliament than Yorkshire, Lancashire, Warwickshire, Middlesex, Worcestershire, and Somersetshire, united? and that the Total Representation of all Scotland should but exceed, by One Member, the Number returned for a single County in England ? — The Second Complaint of the Petitioners is founded on the unequal Proportions in which the elective Franchise is distributed, and in Support of it they affirm, that Seventy of the Members are returned by Thirty-five Places, where the Right of Voting is vested in Burgage and other Tenures of a similar Description, and in which it would be to trifle with the Patience of the House to mention any Number of Voters whatever, the Elections at the Places alluded to being notoriously a mere Matter of Form; and this the Petitioners are ready to prove: They affirm, that, in Addition to the Seventy Members so chosen, Ninety more of the Members are elected by Forty-six Places, in none of which the Number of V oters exceed Fifty; and this the Petitioners are ready to prove: They affirm, that, in Addition to the Hundred and Sixty so elected, Thirty-seven more of the Members are elected by Nineteen Places, in none of which the Number of Voters exceeds One hundred; and this the Petitioners are ready to prove: They affirm, that, in Addition to the- Hundred and Ninety-seven Members so chosen, Fifty-two more are returned to serve in Parliament by Twenty-six Places, in none of which the Number of Voters exceeds Two Hundred; and this the Petitioners are ready to prove: They affirm, that, in addition to the Two Hundred and Forty-nine so elected, Twenty more are returned to serve in Parliament for Counties in Scotland by less than One Hundred Electors each, and Ten for Counties in Scotland by less than Two Hundred and Fifty each; and this the Petitioners are ready to prove, even admitting the Validity of fictitious Votes: They affirm, that, in Addition to the Two Hundred and Seventy-nine so elected, Thirteen Districts of Burghs in Scotland, not containing One hundred Voters each, and Two Districts of Burghs, not containing One Hundred and Twenty-five each, return Fifteen more Members; and this the Petitioners are ready to prove: And in this Manner, according to the present State of the Representation, Two Hundred and Ninety-four of the Members are chosen, and, being a Majority of the entire House of Commons, are enabled to decide all Questions in the Name of the whole People of England and Scotland — The Third Complaint of the Petitioners is founded on the present complicated Rights of Voting; from the Caprice with which they have been varied, and the Obscurity in which they have been involved by Time, and contradictory Decisions,

0° Mail.

A, 1793.

Petition for a Reform in Parliament.

sions, they are become a Source of infinite Confusion, Litigation, and Expence: The Petitioners need not tender any Evidence of the Inconveniences which arise from this Defect in the Representation, because the Proof is to be found in the Journals of the House, and the Minutes of the different Committees, who have been appointed under the Tenth and Eleventh of the King: The House is but too well acquainted with the tedious, intricate, and expensive Scenes of Litigation which have been brought before them, in attempting to settle the legal Import of those numerous Distinctions which perplex and confound the present Rights of Voting: How many Months of the valuable Time of the House have been wasted in listening to the wrangling of Lawyers, upon the various Species of Burgagehold, Leasehold, and Freehold! How many Committees have been occupied in investigating the Nature of Scotland Lot, Potwallers, Commonalty, Populacy, Resiant Inhabitants, and Inhabitants at large! What Labour and Research have been employed in endeavouring to ascertain the legal Claims of Boroughmen, Aldermen, Portmen, Select-Men, Burgesses, and Council-Men! And what Confusion has arisen from the complicated Operation of clashing Charters; from Freemen resident and non-resident; and, from the different Modes of obtaining the Freedom of Corporations by Birth, by Servitude, by Marriage, by Redemption, by Election, and by Purchase ! On all these Points it is, however, needless for the Petitioners to enlarge, when the House recollects the following Facts; namely, That since the 22d of December 1790, no less than Twenty-one Committees have been employed in deciding upon litigated Rights of Voting; of these Eight were occupied with the Dis-

?utes of Three Boroughs, and there are Petitions from 'our Places yet remaining before the House, waiting for a final Decision to inform the Electors what their Rights really are. But the Complaint of the Petitioners, on the Subject of the Want of an uniform and equitable Principle in regulating the Right of Voting, extends as well to the arbitrary Manner in which some are excluded, as to the intricate Qualifications by which others are admitted to the Exercise of that Privilege: Religious Opinions create an Incapacity to vote; all Papists are excluded generally, and, by the Operation of the Test Laws, Protestant Dissenters are deprived of a Voice in the Election of Representatives in about Thirty Boroughs, where the Right of Voting is confined to Corporate Officers alone, a Deprivation the more unjustifiable, because, though considered as unworthy to vote, they are deemed capable of being elected, and may be the Representatives of the very Places for which they are disqualified from being the Electors: A Man possessed of £. 1,000 per Annum, or any other Sum arising from Copyhold, Leasehold for Ninety-nine Years, Trade, Property in the Public Funds, or even Freehold in the City of London, and many other Cities and Towns having peculiar Jurisdictions, is not thereby entitled to vote — Here again a strange Distinction is taken between electing, and representing, as a Copyhold is a sufficient Qualification to sit in the House: A Man paying Taxes to any Amount, how great soever, for his Domestic Establishment, does not thereby obtain a Right to Vote, unless his Residence be in some Borough, where that Right is vested in the Inhabitants — This Exception operates in Sixty Places, of which Twenty-eight do not contain Three hundred Voters each, and the Number of Householders in England and Wales (exclusive of Scotland) who pay all Taxes, are Seven Hundred and Fourteen thousand Nine hundred and Eleven, and of Householders who pay all Taxes, but the House and Window Taxes, are Two hundred and Eighty-four thousand Four hundred and Fifty-nine, as appears by a Return made to the House in 1785, so that, even supposing the Sixty Places above-mentioned to contain,

one with another, One thousand Voters in each, there will remain Nine hundred and Thirty-nine thousand Three hundred and Seventy Householders, who have no Voice in the Representation, unless they have obtained it by Accident, or by Purchase; neither their Contributions to the Public Burthens, their peaceable Demeanour as good Subjects, nor their general Respectability and Merits as useful Citizens, afford them, as the Law now stands, the smallest Pretensions to participate in the Choice of those who, under the Name of their Representatives, may dispose of their Fortunes and Liberties. In Scotland the Grievance arising from the Nature of the Rights of Voting has a different, and still more intolerable, Operation: In that great and populous Division of the Kingdom, not only the great Mass of the Householders, but of the Landholders also, are excluded from all Participation in the Choice of Representatives: By the Remains of tire feudal System in the Counties the Vote is severed from the Land, and attached to what is called The Superiority: In other Words, it is taken from the Substance, and transferred to the Shadow, because, though each of these Superiorities must, with very few Exceptions, arise from Lands of the present Annual Value of Four hundred Pounds Sterling, yet it is not necessary that the Lands should do more than give a Name to the Superiority, the Possessor of which may retain the Right of Voting, notwithstanding lie be divested of the Property; and, on the other Hand, great Landholders have the Means afforded them by the same System of adding to their Influence, without Expence to themselves, by communicating to their confidential Friends the Privilege of electing Members to serve in Parliament: the Process by which this Operation is performed is simple; he who wishes to increase the Number of his dependent Votes surrenders his Charter to the Crown, and, parcelling out his Estate into as many Lots of Four hundred Pounds per Annum as may be convenient, conveys them to such as he can confide in: To these, new Charters are, upon Application, granted by the Crown, so as to erect each of them into a Superiority, which Privilege, once obtained, the Land itself is re-conveyed to the original Grantor; and thus the Representatives of the Landed Interest in Scotland may be chosen by those who have no real or beneficial Interest in the Land: Such is the Situation in which the Counties of Scotland are placed. With respect to the Burghs, every Thing that bears even the Semblance of Popular Choice has long been done away: The Election of Members to serve in Parliament is vested in the Magistrates and Town Councils, who having, by various Innovations, constituted themselves into self-elected Bodies, instead of Officers freely chosen by the Inhabitants at large, have deprived the People of all Participation in that Privilege, the free Exercise of which affords the only Security they can possess for the Protection of their Liberties and Property — The Fourth and last Complaint of the Petitioners is, the Length of the Duration of Parliaments: The House knows, that, by the ancient Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom, frequent Parliaments ought to be held; and that the Sixth of William and Mary, C. 2. (since re pealed) speaking while the Spirit of the Resolution was yet warm, declared, that " frequent and new " Parliaments tend very much to the happy Union " and good Agreement between King and People;" and enacted, that no Parliament should last longer than for Three Years: The Petitioners without presuming to add to such an Authority by any Observations of their own, humbly pray, That Parliaments may not be continued for Seven Years.

The Petitioners have thus laid before the House the specific Grounds of Complaint, from which they conceive every Evil in the Representation to spring, and on which they think every Abuse and Inconvenience

is

33 Geo. Ill*

6° Mail.

741

is founded: What those Abuses are, and how great that Inconvenience is, it becomes the Petitioners to state, as the best Means of justifying their present Application to the House: The Petitioners then affirm, that, from the combined Operation of the Defects they have pointed out, arise those Scenes of Confusion, Litigation, and Expence, which so disgrace the Name, and that extensive System of Private Patronage which is so repugnant to the Spirit, of free Representation: The Petitioners intreat of the House to consider the Manner in which Elections are conducted, and to reflect upon the extreme Inconvenience to which Electors are exposed, and the intolerable Expence to which Candidates are subjected: The House knows that Tumults, Disorders, Outrages, and Perjury, are too often the dreadful Attendants on contested Elections, as at this Time carried on: The House knows that Polls are only taken in One fixed Place for each County, City, and Borough, whether the Number of Voters be Ten, or Ten thousand, and whether they be resident or dispersed over England: The House knows that Polls, however few the Electors, may, by Law, be continued for Fifteen Days, and even then be subjected to a Scrutiny: The House knows, that the Management and Conduct of Polls is committed to Returning Officers, who, from the very Nature of the Proceedings, must be invested with extensive and discretionary Powers, and who, it appears by every Volume of the Journals, have but too often exercised those. Powers with the most gross Partiality, and the most scandalous Corruption. Of Elections, arranged with such little Regard to the Accommodation of the Parties, acknowledged to require such a Length of Time to complete, and trusted to the Superintendance of such suspicious Agents, the Petitioners might easily draw out a Detail of the Expence; but it is unnecessary; the Fact is too notorious to require Proof, that scarce an Instance can be produced where a Member has obtained a disputed Seat in Parliament at a less Cost than from Two to Five thousand Pounds; particular Cases are not wanting where Ten Times these Sums have been paid, but it is sufficient for the Petitioners to affirm, and to be able to prove it, if denied, that such is the Expence of a Contested Return, that he, who should become a Candidate with even greater Funds than the Law requires him to swear to, as his Qualification to sit in the House, must either relinquish his Pretensions on the Appearance of an Opposition, or so reduce his Fortune in the Contest that he could not take his Seat without Perjury. The Revision of the Original Polls before the Committees of the House, upon Appeals from the Decisions of the Returning Officers, affords a fresh Source of Vexation and Expence to all Parties: The House knows that the complicated Rights of Voting, and the shameful Practices which disgrace Election Proceedings, have so loaded the Table of the House with Petitions for Judgment and Redress, that One Half of the usual Duration of a Parliament has scarcely been sufficient to settle who is entitled to sit for the other Half, and it was not till within the last Two Months that the House had an Opportunity of discovering that the Two Gentlemen, who sat and voted near Three Years as the Representatives of the Borough of had procured themselves to be elected by the most scandalous Bribery; and that the Two Gentlemen, who sat and voted, during as long a Period, for the Borough of Great Grimsby, had not been elected at all. In Truth, all the Mischiefs of the present System of Representation are ascertained by the Difficulties which even the Zeal and Wisdom of the House experiences in attending to the Variety of Complaints brought before them: Though the Committees sit Five Hours every Day from the Time of their Appointment, they generally are unable to come to a Decision in less than a Fortnight, and very frequently are detained from Vol. 48.

Thirty to Forty Days: The Westminster Case in 1789 petition for will even furnish the House with an Instance, where, a Reform in after deliberating Forty-five Days, a Committee Parliament, gravely resolved, That, " from an attentive Consideration of the Circumstances relating to the Cause, a " final Decision of the Business before them could not " take Place in the Course of the Session; and that " not improbably the Whole of the Parliament"

(having at that Time near Two Years longer to sit)

" might be consumed in a tedious and expensive " Litigation and they recommended it to the Petitioners to withdraw their Petition, which, after a fruitless Perseverance of above Three Months, they were actually obliged to submit to: The Petitioners will only, upon this Subject, further add, that the Expence to each of the Parties, who have been either Plaintiff or Defendant in Petitions tried before the House in the present Session, has, upon an Average, amounted to above One Hundred Pounds per Day; and, that the Attornies Bills in one Cause, the Trial of which, in Point of Form, only lasted Two Days, and, in Point of Fact, only Six Hours, amounted to very near Twelve Hundred Pounds; and this the Petitioners are ready to prove.

The Petitioners must now beg Leave to call the Attention of the House to the greatest Evil produced by these Defects in the Representation of which they complain, namely, the Extent of private Parliamentary Patronage, an Abuse which obviously tends to exclude the great Mass of the People from any substantial Influence in the Election of the House of Commons, and which, in its Progress, threatens to usurp the Sovereignty of the Country, to the equal Danger of the King, of the Lords, and of the Commons: The Patronage of which the Petitioners complain 1*9 of Two Kinds; that which arises from the unequal Distribution of the Elective Franchise, and the peculiar Rights of Voting, by which certain Places return Members to serve in Parliament; and, that which arises from the Expence attending contested Elections, and the consequent Degree of Power acquired by Wealth: By these Two Means a Weight of Parliamentary Influence has been obtained by certain Individuals, forbidden by the Spirit of the Laws, and in its Consequences most dangerous to the Liberties of the People of Great Britain — The Operation of the first Species of Patronage is direct, and subject to positive Proof; Eighty* four Individuals do, by their own immediate Authority, send One Hundred and Fifty-seven Members to Parliament; and this the Petitioners are ready, if the Fact be disputed, to prove, and to name the Members and the Patrons: The Second Species of Patronage cannot be shewn with, equal Accuracy, though it is felt with equal Force: The Petitioners are convinced, that, in Addition to the One hundred and Fifty-seven Members above-mentioned, One hundred and Fifty more, making in the Whole Three hundred and Seven, are returned to the House, not by the collected Voice of those whom they appear to represent, but by the Recommendation of Seventy powerful Individuals, added to the Eighty-four before-mentioned, and making the Total Number of Patrons altogether only One hundred and Fifty-four, who return a decided Majority of the House: If the House will accept as Evidence the common Report and general Belief of the Counties,

Cities, and Boroughs, which return the Members alluded to, the Petitioners are ready to name them, and to prove the Fact; or, if the Members in Question can be made Parties to the Enquiry, the Petitioners will name them, and be governed by the Testimony which they themselves shall publicly give; but, if neither of these Proofs be thought , consistent with the Proceedings of the House, then the Petitioners can only assert their Belief of the Fact, which they hereby do in the most solemn Manner, and on the most deliberate Conviction: The Petitioners intreat the House

9 C to -

Petition for a Reform in Parliament.

to believe that, in complaining of this Species of Influence, it is not their Intention or Desire to decry or to condemn that just and natural Attachment which they, who are enabled by their Fortune, and inclined by their Disposition, to apply great Means to honourable and benevolent Ends, will always ensure to themselves: What the Petitioners complain of is, that Property, whether well or ill employed, has equal Power; that the present System of Representation gives to it a Degree of Weight which renders it independent of Character, enables it to excite Fear as well as procure Respect, and confines the Choice of the Electors within the Ranks of Opulence, because, though it cannot make Riches the sole Object of their Affection and Confidence, it can and does throw Obstacles almost insurmountable in the Way of every Man who is not rich, and thereby secures to a select Few the Capability of becoming Candidates themselves, or supporting the Pretensions of others — Of this the Petitioners complain loudly, because they conceive it to be highly unjust, that, while the Language of the Law requires from a Candidate no greater Estate, as a Qualification, than a few Hundred Pounds per Annum, the Operation of the Law should

disqualify every Man, whose Rental is not extended to Thousands; and that, at the same Time that the Legislature appears to give the Electors a Choice from amongst those who possess a moderate and independent Competence, it should virtually compel them to choose from amongst those who themselves abound in Wealth, or are supported by the Wealth of others: That the Petitioners are the more alarmed at the Progress of private Patronage, because it is rapidly leading to Consequences which menace the very Existence of the Constitution. At the Commencement of every Session of Parliament, the House acting up to the laudable Jealousy of their Predecessors, and speaking the pure Constitutional Language of a British House of Commons, resolve, as appears by the Journals, " That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right " to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to " serve in Parliament;" and also, " That it is a " high Infringement upon the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord " of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any " County, to concern themselves in the Elections " of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament:" The Petitioners inform the House, and are ready to prove it at the Bar, that they have the most reasonable Grounds to suspect, that no less than One Hundred and Fifty of the Members owe their Elections entirely to the Interference of Peers, and the Petitioners are prepared to shew, by legal Evidence, that Forty Peers, in Defiance of the Resolutions of the House, have possessed themselves of so many Burgage Tenures, and obtained such an absolute and uncontrouled Command in very many small Boroughs in the Kingdom, as to be enabled, by their own positive Authority, to return Eighty-one of the Members: The Petitioners will, however, urge this Grievance of the Interference of Peers in Elections no further, because they are satisfied that it is unnecessary; Numbers of the Members must individually have known the Fact, but collectively the House has undoubtedly been a Stranger to it: It is now brought before the House by those who tender Evidence of the Truth of what they assert, and they cobceive it would be improper in them to ask that by Petition, which must be looked for as the certain Result of the Honourable Attachment of the House to their own Liberties and Privileges — That the Petitioners have thus laid before the House what the Mischiefs are which arise from the present State of the Representation, and what they conceive to be the Grounds of those Mischiefs, and therefore pray to have removed: They now humbly beg Leave to offer their

Reasons why they are anxious that some Remedy should be immediately applied. The Petitioners trust they may be allowed to state, because they are ready to prove, that Seats in the House are sought for at a most extravagant and increasing Rate of Expence. What can have so much augmented the Ambition to sit in this House, the Petitioners do not presume accurately to have discovered, but the Means taken by Candidates to obtain, and by Electors to bestow, that Honour, evidently appears to have been increasing in a progressive Degree of Fraud and Corruption: The Petitioners are induced to make this Assertion, by the Legislature having found it necessary, during the last and present Reigns, so much to swell the Statute Book with Laws for /the Prevention of those Offences. As far as Conjecture can lead the Petitioners, they must suppose that the increased National Debt, and the consequent Increase of Influence, are the Causes of the increased Eagerness of Individuals to become Members of the House of Commons, and of their Indifference, as to the Means used to gratify their Speculations: To prove that they do not state this wantonly, or without substantial Grounds, they humbly beg to call the Attention of the House to the following Table, all the Vouchers for which are to be found in the Journals of the Flouse, or in different Acts of Parliament.

At the Resolution the Public Revenue did not exceed £. 2,100,000 — the Peace Establishment had not exceeded £. 1,900,000 — the Number of Statutes, found necessary to preserve the Freedom and Independence of Parliament, to regulate Elections, and to prevent Frauds, Bribery, &c. amounted only to Fourteen.

At the Death of William III the Public Revenue had increased to about £, 3,900,000 — the Peace Establishment had increased to about 1,950,000 — the

Number of Statutes, found necessary to preserve the Freedom of Parliament, to prevent Bribery, &c. increased to Twenty-six.

At the Death of Queen Anne, the Public Revenue had increased to about £. 6,000,000 — the Peace Establishment had increased to about £. 2,000,000- — the Number of Statutes, found necessary to preserve the Freedom of Parliament, to prevent Bribery, &c. increased to Thirty-five.

At the Death of Geo. I the Public Revenue had increased to about £. 6,800,000 — the Peace Establishment had increased to about £. 2,600,000 — the Number of Statutes, found necessary to preserve the Freedom of Parliament, to prevent Bribery, &c. increased to Thirty-seven.

At the Death of Geo. II the Public Revenue had increased to about £. 8,600,000 — the Peace Establishment had increased to about £. 2,800,000 — the number of Statutes, found necessary to preserve the Freedom of Parliament, to prevent Bribery, &c. increased to Forty-nine.

In the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Public Revenue had increased to above £. 16,000,000 — the Peace Establishment had increased to above £. 5,000,000 — the Number of Statutes, found necessary to preserve the Freedom of Parliament, to prevent Bribery, &c. increased to Sixty-five:

It is upon this Evidence of the Increase of Taxes, Establishments, and Influence, and the Increase of Laws found necessary to repel the increasing Attacks upon the Purity and Freedom of Elections, that the Petitioners conceive it high Time to enquire into the Premises — The Petitioners are confident, that, in what they have stated, they are supported by the Evidence of Facts; and they trust, that in conveying those Facts to the House, they have not been betrayed into the Language of Reproach or Disrespect: Anxious to preserve in its Purity a Constitution they 2 love

JbSU.

33 Geo. III. 6° — 7" Mali. 743

love and admire, they have thought it their Duty to lay before this House, not general Speculations deduced from theoretical Opinions, but positive Truths susceptible of direct Proof; and if, in the Performance of this Task, they have been obliged to call the Attention of the House to Assertions which the House have not been accustomed to hear, and which they lament that they are compelled to make, they entreat the Indulgence of the House: That the Petitioners will only further trespass upon the Time of the House, while they recapitulate the Objects of their Prayer, which are; That the House will be pleased to take such Measures, as to their Wisdom may seem meet, to remove the Evils arising from the unequal Manner in which the different Parts of the Kingdom are admitted to participate in the Representation; to correct the partial Distribution of the Elective Franchise, which commits the Choice of Representatives to select Bodies of Men of such limited Numbers, as renders them an easy Prey to the Artful, or a ready Purchase to the Wealthy; to regulate the Right of Voting upon an uniform and equitable Principle; and, finally, to shorten the Duration of Parliaments, and, by removing the Causes of that Confusion, Litigation, and Expence, with which they are at this Day conducted, to render frequent and new Elections, what our Ancestors at the Resolution asserted them to be, the Means of a happy Union and good Agreement between the King and People.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Caret home, 1

Mr. Michael Angelo > 181. Taylor: J

Tellers for the Noes, YmnS' } 109.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

And the House having continued to sit till Half an Hour after One of the Clock on Tuesday Morning?

Friendly So- Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve cieties Bill itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the deferred. ..... jjU for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.

Million Bank Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve Bill deferred, itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to incorporate certain Persons, therein to be named, a Society for the Grant, Purchase, and Sale of Annuities for Lives, or for Terms of Years.

Bill toautho- Ordered, That the Bill to authorize Justices of the me Justice* Peace to impose Fines upon Constables, Overseers, Fines ot^er Peace Officers, for Neglect of Duty, and

Constables, on Masters of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their tic. deferred. Apprentices, and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress, granted by Magistrates, be read a Second Time this Day.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Means de- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ferred. consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Wine Draw- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of bark, fee. the whole House, to whom the Bill to allow the Bill deferred. Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers, on board Ships of War in actual Service, and to allow such Ships to be supplied Vol. 48,

with Tobacco Duty-free, was Committed, be received this Day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Martis, 7* die Maii;

Anno 33° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

LORD George Cavendish reported from the Com- Shipley and mittee, to whom the Bill for making and main- West Hallam taining a Navigable Canal from the Collieries at Canal Bill Shipley and / Vest Hallam, in the County of Derby, to rePortet,‘ the Erewash Canal, in the Parish of Stanton by Dale, in the stud County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- jieage and cording to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, al- Duffield Road tering, and improving, the Road from Heage, in the ^ill pre-County of Derby, through helper, to in the sented-

said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Fields, Taddington Arable Lands, Meadows and Pastures, Commons and and Priestcliff Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet of Taddington and Inclosure Bill Priestcliff, in the Parish of Bakewel and County of coramltled* Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Popham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for making a new Street from George's St. George's Road, in the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Road Street, Surrey, through Holland's Leagure, into and across The &c' B?J! . Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in con, UM the said Parish, and for discontinuing, as a Public Highway, Part of a Street called The Upper Ground Street, in the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord William Russell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and piercebridge altering, enlarging, and consolidating the Powers, of Road Bill Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-first passed, and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Piercebridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

he,

7° Mail

be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating, the Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Piercebt'idge to Kirkmcrrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Tempest do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Martin's Di- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act vorce Bill to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Martin, Esquire, committed, with Elizabeth Vesey, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 15th day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do ,hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

Dunglass An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Haddii/ton ^>ower9 of Two Acts, of the Twenty-third Year of the &c. Roads ' Reign of his late Majesty King Creorge the Second, Bill passed, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Roads from Dunglass Bridge to the Town of Haddington, and from thence to Ravenshaugh Burn, in the County of Hadditigton, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of the said Roads within the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Roads from Dunglass Bridge to the Town of Haddington, and from thence to Ravenshaugh Burn, in the County of Haddington, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of the said Roads within the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. John Hamilton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Milcomb In- An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the 'wsed* ^Pen anc* Common Field, and other Commonable

s* ' Lands and Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and

Liberties of Milcomb, in the Parish of Bloxham, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Milcomb, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Little Tew -An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

incloenre Open and Common Field, and other Commonable

Bill passed. Lands and Grounds lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Little Tew, in the Parish of Great Tew, in the County of Oxford, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making an Allowance to the Vicar of Great Tew.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon

A. 1793.

the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 20. 1. 38. After " said" to insert " Vicar of"

Pr. 21.I. 9. After " said" to insert " Vicar of "

1. 21. After " said" to insert " Vicar of"

1. 28. After " said" to insert " Vicar of"

I.36. After "said" to insert " Vicar of"

Pr. 36. 1. 24. After " said" to insert " Vicar of"

Pr. 38. 1. 28. After " said" to insert " Vicar of"

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Little Tew, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers B*sselslei|h of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the

Road from the End of the present Turnpike Road from Besselsleigh to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to Leckford, otherwise Sousley Water, in the County of Wilts, w as read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the present Turnpike Road from Besselsleigh to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to Leckford, otherwise Sousley Water, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Vansittart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Million Bank to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred, upon the Bill to incorporate certain Persons therein to be named, a Society for the Grant, Purchase, and Sale of Annuities for Lives, or for Terms of Years, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 15th day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton presented to the House, Frodsbam according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and Heliby and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, {",osure within the Town and Lordship of and the preseDl‘

Township of Helsby, in the Parish of Frodsham, in the County of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill to explain, amend, and render London more effectual, an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of Sewtrs and His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for " consolidating, extending, and rendering more effec- 1 '

" tual, the Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers within the City " of London and Liberties thereof, and for paving,

" cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares,

" Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and " preventing and removing Obstructions, and Annoyances within the same," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and fender more effectual, an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of His present

33 Geo. III.

7° Man.

745

sent Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for consoli- Cawthorne, in the West Riding of the County of " dating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the and certain Railways and other Roads to communicate " Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for therewith.

" making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the " Vaults, Drains, and Sewers within the City of * don and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, " and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, "Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing " and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within " the same."

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Anderson do carry the Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Member add- Ordered, That Mr. be added to the Gentle-

ed to bring m men wh0 are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a elosurc Bid." ®1I pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Right honourable William Lord Viscount Dudley and iVard, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor and Liberty of Swindon, in the Parish of Womborne, in the County of Stafford.

Swindon In-rJosore Bill presented.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Liberty

Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke

tile

ffc

)D)

Womborne, 4c. Roads

of Swindon, in the Parish of Womborne, in the County of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the cester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord First Time. High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second Time. Lords, to declare and notify the Koval Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keep- bury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britaining in Repair, the Road leading from Womborne, to or and the Earl Graham, named also in the said Commis

a

fc

near Gospel Oak, in the County of Stafford, and from Can Lane to the End of Hell Lane, and from Gospel End, through the Village of Over Penn, to the Turnpike Road leading from Wolverhampton to Stourbridge, and from Ful/wood's End to the Turnpike Road at or

near Moxley, and from Chitt's Grave to or near Prince's

End, and from Shelton's Hall to the Town of Bilston, in the said County, wras read the Third Time.

sion, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followed; viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for providing that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall not be subject to any Penalties

Resolved, That the Bill do pass:' And that the Title by reason of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Reign of King William and Queen Mary, on Account Repair, the Roads leading from Womborne to Prince's of their advancing Money for the Payment of Bills of End, and from Gospel End to the Village of Over Penn, Exchange accepted by, or by the Direction of, the Com-and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading frommissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and made payable Wolverhampton to Stourbridge, and from Chitt's Grave at the Bank of England:

to or near Prince's End, and from Can Lane to the An Act more effectually to prevent, during the pre-

Town of Bilston, in the County of Stafford. sent War between Great Britain and France, all Trai-

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the „ torous Correspondence with, or Aid or Assistance being Lords, and desire their Concurrence. given to, His Majesty's Enemies:

An Act to establish certain Regulations respecting Mr. Burton presented to the House, according to Officers serving in several Corps of Fencible Men, in BiTT* t Order, a Bill for assuring Houses, Buildings, Goods, that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and in certain J. p,es"n" and other Property, within the City of Oxford, and other Corps which may be directed to be raised in Great Parts adjacent, against Loss or Damage by Fire, and Britain:

for applying the Profits arising from such Assurances An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the towards the Relief of the Poor of the incorporated Pa- Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present rishes within the said City: And the same was received; Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the

Oxford Poor

Warmfield cum Heath

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Colder, in the Town-

Poor:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Trent, at or near Swarkstone Bridge, to and through the Borough of Derby, to o , Little Eaton, with a Cut out of the said Canal, in or

Can^Bal*7 ship of Warmfield cum Heath, to or near the Town of near the said Borough, to join the Erewash Canal near

passed. Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Sandiacre, and for making Railways from such Canal

Township of Cawthorne, and a Collateral Cut branch- to several Collieries in the Parishes or Liberties

ing out of the said intended Canal, at or near Bargh of Denby, Horsley, and Smalley, all in the County of

Mill, to, or nearly to, Haigh Bridge, in the Township Derby: of Woolley, all in the West Riding of the County of An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable York, was read the Third Time. Cut or Canal from the Melton Navigation,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title in the County of Leicester, to Oakham, in the County be, an Act for making and maintaining a Navigable of Rutland:

Canal from the River Colder, in the Township of An Act to enable Robert Claxton, of Mer-

Warmfeld cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnsley, chant, to take the Oath prescribed and directed to be

and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Township of taken by an Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of His pre-Vo L. 48. 9 D sent

Royal Assent to Bills.

Armley Inclosure Bill passed.

Skidby Inclosure Bill committed.

Brolherton Inclosure Bill presented.

746

7° Mail. 1793.

sent Majesty, for the further Encrease and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation:

An Act for repairing and widening the Hoad from the Moot Hall in Wirkszcortk, to the Turnpike Road leading from Derby to Brassington, at, or near to, a Place called The Cross in the Hand, on land Ward, and also the Road from the said Moot Hall to another Turnpike Road leading from the Cross Post on Wirksrcorth Moor to Matlock , at,

or near to, a Place called The Steeple House, in the Township of Wirksrcorth aforesaid, all in the County of Derby:

An Act for repairing, widening, diverting, and improving, the Road from Stafford to Church Bridge, and also the Road from Stafford to Uttoxeter, all in the County of Stafford, and also the Road from Stafford to Nervport, in the County of Salop:

An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and altering the Road from Crickhoxcell, in the County of Brecon, to the

Cross Hands beyond New Inn, in the Turnpike Road between the City of Hereford and Ross, and other Roads therein described, with respect to certain Parts of the Roads comprized in the said Act:

An Act for continuing the Terms, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating, the Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads and Streets in and near the Town of Brewton, in the County of Somerset, therein described, and also for repairing, widening, and altering several other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wills.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Common or Waste Ground called Lightwood, within the Township of Normacott, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields and Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and U rounds, within the Parish of Milton Bryant, in the County of Bedford.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Armley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Armley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforcdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, and Arable Meadow, and Pasture Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Skidby, in the Parish of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncombe,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, stinting, regulating, and otherwise improving, certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Brother ton, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do make the Report Redness and from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, Swmefleet dividing, inclosing, and improving all the Moor Lands in the Townships of Redness and in the Parish repoi ted.

of Whitgift, in the West Riding of the County of York,

was committed.

Mr. Wilberforce accordingly reported from the said Committee, that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 70 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of 170 Acres, who declared themselves neuter; and also, except the Owner of 36 Acres, who could not be found; and that the whole Property intended to be drained and inclosed consists of 2,000 Acres of Land, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his-Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. William MlDowall presented to the House, ac- Glasgow cording to Order, a Bill for re-building the Church Bill

Church of the City of Glasgow, for opening certain Prts*nte^ Streets in the City of Glasgow, for removing Obstructions in the Trongate Street, for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street, for regulating the Weight and Measure of Coals, and the Mode of carrying Wood and l imber on the Streets of the said City, for enlarging the Gaol or Tollbooth there, and for selling Part, of the High, or Calton Green, and also the Glebes belonging to the Cures of the High Church, and of the Barony Parish adjoining the reto: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Maisemore Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- Inclosure Bill mon Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lands, passe<1' within the Parish of Maisemore, in the County of Gloucester (except a certain Meadow called Maisemore Ham) and for rendering all the Lands and Tenements within the said Parish wholly exempt and discharged from Tythe, and all Modus and Composition for Tythe, by allotting Lands in Lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Maisemore, in the County of Gloucester (except a certain Meadow called Maisemore Ham) and for rendering all the Lands and Tenements within the said Parish wholly exempt and discharged from Tythe, and all Modus and Composition for Tythe, by allotting Lands in Lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bin respfct. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ing Com-upon the Bill for defining and regulating the Powers of "'is^on of the Commission of Teinds, or Tythes, in augmenting scotlaodpot and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland, off for 3 be now read. Months.

And

-1

'1

] Qt

'X

-3).

' 7® Mail

747

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Scotch Ro- An ingrossed Bill for requiring a certain Form of Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, from His Majesty's Ml passed. Subjects, professing the Roman Catholic Religion, in that Part of Great Britain called , was read the

Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for requiring a certain Form of Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, from His Majesty's Subjects, professing the Roman Catholic Religion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scotch Cre- A Bill for rendering the Payment of Creditors more iiois Bill equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain wornmed. ca|jeC| Scotland, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sbotteswell An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the M>sure Bill Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, in the Parish of Shottes-zvell> in the County of Warwick, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, in the Parish of Shotteswell, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus Williamsburgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mi Roads A Bill for enlarging the Term granted and con-Bill com* tinued by several Acts passed for repairing and enlarg-jwited. ing the Highways between the Top of Kingsdawn Hill and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways leading to the said City, and also for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, and for repealing the several Powers contained in the said Acts, and granting others instead thereof, for the Improvement and Repair of the said Roads, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. Hippisley Coxe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill toautho- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second me Justices Reading of the Bill to authorize Justices of the Peace to impose to impose Fines upon Constables, Overseers, and other Constables, Officers, for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters

j &c. commit- of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices,

I ted. and also to make Provision for the execution of

i Warrants of Distress granted by Magistrates, be now

' read.

! And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Rous, c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the' Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 48.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take Committee into Consideration the Standing Orders of the House appointed to respecting Bills for making Navigable Canals; and to Qr

report their Opinion thereupon to the House: der3 re"jiect-

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Popham, ingNaviga- Mr. Dent, Mr. Powys, Mr. Hobart, Mr. Wigley, Mr. tion Praed, Mr Sumner, Colonel Egerton, Mr. Lambton, Mr.

Scott, Mr. Grey, Sir Elijah Impey, Mr. Taylor, Sir Charles Farnaby Radcliffe, Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Blaclcburne,

Mr. Jekyll, Mr. Gregor, Mr. LovedcSir William ben, Sir John Rous, Lord George Cavendish, Sir William

Young; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, York, Lincoln, Norfolk,

Suffolk, Essex, Kent, Sussex, Hants, Dorset, Devon,

Cornwall, Somerset, Glamorgan, Carmarthen, Pembroke,

Cardigan, Merioneth, Carnarvon, Anglesey, Flint,

Denbigh, Chester, Lancaster, Westmorland, and Cumberland; and all the Knights for Shires, and Gentlemen of the Long Robe, in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House being informed that Mr. Orcen, from East India the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Pre* the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented 86 to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N® l. Extract of Political Letter from the President and Council at Fort Saint George to the Court of Directors, dated the 16th of January 1792 — Paragraph 126: And also,

N° 2. Extract of Political Letter from the President and Council of Fort Saint George to the Court of Directors, dated the 5th of October 1792 — Paragraphs \ 2 and 13: And also,

N° 3. Extract from Fort Saint George Military and Political Consultations, dated 28th August 1792, containing Extract of a Letter from the Board of assumed Revenue, dated the 5th of July 1792, signed ton. Webbe.: And also,

N° 4. Copy of Mr. Kindersleys Letter of the 5th of July 1792, to the Board of assumed Revenue: And also,

N° 5. Minutes of the President and Council of Fort Saint George, upon the Recommendation of the Board of assumed Revenue, relative to the Collections of the Revenue of Arcot during the late Assumption of the Revenues of that Province: And also,

N° 6. Extract of a Letter of the President and Council of Fort Saint George to the Board of assumed Revenue, dated the 28th of August 1792: And also,

N° 7. Extract of Proceedings of the Committee of assigned Revenue, dated Fort Saint George, 2 2d June 1785, containing Extract of a Letter to the President and Council of Fort Saint George, dated the 2 2d of

June 1785: And also,

N° 8. Extract of a Letter from the Court of Directors to the President and Council of Fort Saint George, dated the 6th of May 1791, relative to the Collection of the Revenues from the Southern Po-ligars.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Montague, from Account* the Office of Chamberlain of the City of London, at- from Cham-tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, officTp*®-presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of sented. several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the

Relief

The Lords have agreed to

Loch Gilp and Loch Crinan Canal Bill.

North Duf. field and Bubwith Bridge Bill.

Ulverstone Canal Bill.

The Lords

have passed Vyse's Exchange Bill.

Bill to regulate the Transfer of Shares in Undertakings for making Navigable Canals, &c. defefred.

r Man:

A. 1793.

Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors of the City of Lbndoti, on 5th July 1792: And also, i An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of on Account of

lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing Blackfriars Bridge, from the 29th of September 1791, to the 29th September 1792: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making a Street or Opening from Moorfields, opposite Chiswell Street, towards the East, into Bi-shopsgate Street, 8cc. from the 29th of September 1791 to the 29th September 1792: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of , in pursuance of

an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River Thames;from the 29th of September 1791 to

the 29th September 1792: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid, by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act, for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening, the Streets, Lanes, &c. within the City and Liberty aforesaid, from the 29th September 1791 to the 29th of September 1792.

AM then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts wrere read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to Loch Crinan, in the Shire of Argyll; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Bubwith Ferny, in the East Riding of the County of York, and making proper Approaches thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from a Place called Hammerside Hill, in the Parish of Ulverstone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to a Place called Weint End, near the Town of Ulverstone aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Richard William Howard ,an Infant Trustee, to shin in making an Exchange of Part of the Estate of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, with Francis Fcrrand Foljatnbe, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate the Transfer of Shares in all Undertakings for making Navigable Canals, and to prohibit the Transfer of Subscriptions to such intended Canals for a certain Time after such Subscriptions shall have been made, be now read.

And the skid Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for limitating, regulating, and applying the Produce of the Tolls imposed by Acts of Parliament for making Navigable Canals and Aqueducts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for limiting, &c. Tolls imposed by Acts for making Navigable Canals, deferred.

A Bill for amending and altering an Act, made in Bill respect-the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, ing Statute intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce ^®"r com‘ " into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in " being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the " Public Highways within that Part of Great Britain " called England, and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Personal Labour thereby required from1 Labourers in Husbandry not occupying Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tythes, or Hereditaments, of the Yearly Value of Four Pounds, but wholly getting or obtaining their Living by such Labour, and also, so far as relates to the Notice required by the said Act to be given to Persons liable to perform the Duty, or Labour, thereby directed to be done, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rous, Sir Charles Bunbury, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the amend Ge-Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to "e

" explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Par- ordered.

" liament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes And that Mr. Henry Hobart, the Lord Sheffield, Mr. Aldworth Neville, Mr. Powys, and Mr. Hartley, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Order of Council respecting the Embarkation of Persons coming from France, presented.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council, revoking so much of the Order, made on the 6th Instant, as relates to Bye Boats passing between Great Britain and France', and to allow only Vessels employed under the Directions of the respective Post Offices in conveying the Mails to and from France, and the Countries occupied by the Armies of France, to clear out ,* and no Passengers to sail in British Packet Boats, or to be landed from those of France, &c. without a Passport from His Majesty's Secretary of State, 20th February 1793-

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Friendly to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, cieties Bill upon the Bill for the Encouragement and Relief of deferiti Friendly Societies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Wine Dm-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom back, &c.

Bill reported

33 Geo. III.

7° Mail

749

the Bill to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Cus- The Order of the Day being read, for receiving toms and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to

Co®.

since

»to: f

Captains, and other Commissioned Officers, on board Ships of War in actual Service, and to allow such Ships to be supplied with Tobacco Duty-free, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One ;and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

whom it was referred to consider of the Government and Trade of India -,

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Government and Trade of

India;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Report on Government and Trade of India deferred.

I Committee oo Hill to emend Act relative to Publication

That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and altering an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the

of w,res of Third, intituled, "An Act for the further regulating " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and " for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs

Time and Plat e of Elections.

" reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes " now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways within that part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Personal Labour thereby required from Labourers in Husbandry not

Committee on Government and Trade of India deferred.

Ins traction to Committee on Bill respecting Statute Labour.

oat

ers

!(o

lit # „ sr.

" and other Officers in the electing and returning such occupying. Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tythes, or He-

" Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

reditatnents, of the Yearly Value of Four Pounds, but wholly getting or obtaining their Living by such Labour, and also, so far as relates to the Notice required by the said Act to be given to Persons liable to perform the Duty, or Labour, thereby directed to be done, is committed, That they have Power to extend the Provisions of the said Bill to comprehend Labourers in Manufactories, and the inferior Classes of Manufacturers.

Address for

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to portsofConi-

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

Committee appoioted to enquire into a Method of making the

give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Reports of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Pees, Perquisites, and Emoluments, of certain Offices.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to en- Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, quire into a Method of making the Approach to

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

mere convenient.

both Houses of Parliament more convenient, by removing the Building at the End of the Court of Ex-Appioach to chequer which extends into the Street between New both Houses Palace Yard and Saint Margaret Street, or such Part of Pdfliament of tfje gajd Building as shall be found necessary for mere conve- before-mentioned, and the Sheds and

Buildings thereunto annexed; and also, to prepare a Plan of such Work, and an Estimate of the Expence thereof, and report the same, with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House:

And a Committee w'as appointed of Mr. Sumner, Mr. Annesley, Mr. Powis, Mr. Drake, Mr. Rose, Mr. Eliot, Mr. Hobart, Sir George Cornewall, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Sir George Jackson, Mr. Burke, Mr. Sulivan, Mr. Fox, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Burton, Mr. Currie, Mr. Smith, Sir William Lord John Russell, Mr. Anstruther, Mr. Hippisley Coxe, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Mr. Serjeant Watson, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Thornton, Sir William Dolben, Mr. Heneage, Mr. Long; and all the Knights for Shires: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn, from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Vol. 48.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate on the Motion, made Yesterday, That the Petition of certain Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was then presented to the House, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee:

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Sheridan,

Mr. Whitbread,

Junior:

Mr. Powys,

Mr. Aldworth Neville:

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

missioners appointed to enquire into Fees, &c. of certain Offices.

Debate on Motion for referring a Petition for a Reform in Parliament to a Committee, resumed.

Tellers for the Noes,

|282.

Quest. Neg. for referring

And then the House, having continued to sit till near Four of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

9 E

750

Shipley and West Hallam Canal Bill passed.

Ashford and Stockbridge Road Bill passed.

Glasgow and Pori Dundas Road Bill passed.

Newnham's Estate Bill read*

West Harp-try, Enabo-row, &c. Roads Bill passed*

8° Mail A. 1793.

Mercurii, 8* die Maii; Anno 33* Georgii III*U Regis, 1793. Pray e ns.

West Harptry to Fore Cross, in the Parish of Churchill, and from West Harptry to the Blue Bowl Inn, in Compton Martin, and from Berrington to the Town of Wring ton, and from The Nine Elms, at North combe, to Coley, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

AN ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Collieries at Shipley and West Hallam, in the County of Derby, to the

wash Canal, in the Parish of Stanton by Dale, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resoloed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navi-

Sble Canal from the Collieries at Shipley and West allam, in the County of Derby, to the Ca-

nal, in the Parish of Stanton by Dale, in the said County.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the North End of Marsh Lane, in Ashford, in the County of Kent, to the End of the Parish of Orles near Stockbridge, in Romney Marsh, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the North End of Marsh Lane, in Ashford, in the County of Kent, to the End of the Parish of Orlestone, near Stockbridge, in Romney Marsh, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Honyzvood do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for completing, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Port Dundas, and from Port Dundas to the High Road leading from the City of Glasgoio to Gars-cube Bridge, by Dobbie's Loan, in the County of Lanerk, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for completing, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Port Dundas, and from Port Dundas to the High Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Garscube Bridge, by Dobbie's Loan, in the County of Lanerk.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham, Esquire, in John Trayton Fuller, Esquire, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for making, amending, diverting, and widening the Roads, leading from West Harptry, to the Bath and Wells Turnpike Road, at Emborow, and from West Harptry to the Bath Turnpike Road at Marksbury, and from West Harptry to Fore Cross, in the Parish of Churchill, and from West Harptry to the Blue Bowl Inn, in Compton Martin, and from Berrington to the Town of Wring ton, and from The Nine Elms, at North Widcombe, to Coley, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making, amending, diverting, and widening the Roads, leading from West Harptry, to the Bath and Wells Turnpike Road at Marksbury, and from Stowey to Chao Magna, and from West Harptry to the Bath Turnpike Road at Emborow, and from

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the Select Quorum 01 Committee, to whom it is referred to examine the Committee Matter of the Report which was made from the Com- ?f

mittee to whom the Petition of Thomas Mudge, Watch- petition.8* maker, was referred, and to make Enquiry into the Principles on which Mr. Mudge's Time-keepers have been constructed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An SmithVTrus-Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smith, Esquire, tees and Lord deceased, to accept a Grant of a Rent Charge or clear Amh*rst's Annual Payment or Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be Bill read* charged upon, and paid and payable at Michaelmas in every Year, by, and out of, a Messuage, Farm, and Lands, of the Right honourable Jeffery Lord Amherst, in the Parish of Horley, in the County of Surrey, in Exchange for several Pieces or Parcels of Land situate, lying, and being, in Seoenoaks, in the County of Kent, inclosed from the Waste of the Manors of Sevenoaks and Knowle, or One of them, and to convey the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land to the said Jeffery Lord Amherst, and his Heirs, accordingly, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton reported from the Com- Weaverham mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and Inclosure inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands within Bl11 r*" the Town, Manor, or Lordship of Wearoerham, in the Bortc County of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands rated to the Land Tax at £. 2. 7 2 d. per Annum;

and that the whole Property intended to be inclosed is rated at £.175. 15s. 6d. pet' Annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton reported from the Com- Ardwick mittee, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of Five several Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of the R^Bil7 Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in reported, the Third, Twenty-second, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton and Hernestone Lane Head and Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in the Frith, all in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and from Ardwick Green, near Manchester aforesaid, and from the School House in Didsbury, in the said County of Lancaster, over Cheadle Ford, across the

8° Ma

751

the River Mersey, to the Bridge at in the said County of Chesteras relates to the Road from Ardwick Green, by Didsbury School House, to the Bridge at Wilmslow aforesaid, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the said Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Odihamand Mr. Chute presented to the House/ according to " Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road sentedT* from Odiham to Alton, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Maidstone Sir Edward Knatchbull reported from the Committee, and Ashford to whom the Bill for amending, widening, shortening, reported improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wrens Cross, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, through the West or Lower Harrietsham Street, by Harrietsham Church, and through Lenham and Charing, to Barrow Hill in Ashford, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lords

Amendment to Carding-ton and Barford Bridge Road Bill put off for 3 Months,

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike Road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for continuing a Road from thence to the Great Northern Road, near Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 21. Leave out from "Act" to "And," in 1. 38.

Ordered, That the said Amendment be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Cardington Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill and Barford for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed

bI?6* d°*d *n ^ie Year of the Reign of His present

1 or ere Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the " Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike Road " between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barford " Bridge, and for continuing a Road from thence to " the Great Northern Road, near Temsford Bridge, in the County of BedfordAnd that Mr. Whitbread, Vol. 48.

Senior, and Mr. James Gordon, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Bill for making effectual the Statute Labour, and Caithness for levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Labour in cer- and Suther-tain Cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, and Labour*Bil? repairing High Roads and Bridges in the County of committed. Caithness, and Part of the County of Sutherland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Sinclair, Lord Frederick Campbell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Warrington an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His Road Bill present Majesty, for the more effectual repairing, widen- paS8e ' ing, and amending the Road from a Place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, both in the County of Lancaster, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending the Road from a Place called Earfs Kill, in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, both in the County of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonel Macleod reported from the Committee, to Inverness whom the Bill for making and repairing Highways and Highways Bridges within the Shire of Inverness, and for lighting ^lu r<f'orted the Streets within the Royal Burgh of Inverness, was 1 rep°r e committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dean and for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to Chapter of grant Building Leases to Mr. Francis Hurlbatt, was read Le^esMl a Second Time. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Watson, Mr. Gipps, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names Petitiohfor are thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers additional of Estates within the County of Worcester, was pre- P|0Vls‘on to sented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That a^Drott-by an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of wich Roads His present Majesty, for continuing the Terms, and Bill, enlarging the Powers, of several Acts, of the Twelfth of Queen Anne, the Twelfth of King George the First, and the Twenty-second of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Worcester, through

Droitwich, to Bromsgrove, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for repealing an Act, of the Twenty-eighth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Roads lying in and leading from Droitwich aforesaid, and for amending the several Roads which were directed to be repaired by the said Act, the Road leading from Netherwich Bridge through the Lanes called Hampton Lane, and the Hide Lanto Law Hill, being

the

West India Trade Bill passed.

752 8° Mail A. 1793.

the direct Road to the Town of , and

also the Road leading out of the said Road, between Hampton Lane and Loxv Hill aforesaid, at a Place called Bradford Brook, through to Mustard

Green, in the County of Worcester, were, with other Roads therein mentioned, directed to be repaired; and that the Petitioners are informed, that, by a Bill now depending in the House, for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the City of Worcester to Bridge, and from a Place called The Chapel on the Bridge, in the Borough of Droilwich, to Bradley Brook, and from Woolmore Green to the Worcester Turnpike Road at Park Hall, and from Droitwich to Holt Fleet, and from Place called Nethenvich Bridge to Low Hill, and from the Bottom of Red Hilin the Parish of Claines, into the Turnpike Road between Worcester and Om-bersley, in the County of Worcester, and certain Lanes and "Streets within, or near to, the City of Worcester and Borough of Droitxoich aforesaid, the aforesaid Acts of Parliament for repairing the said Roads are to be repealed, and the said Trustees are to be discharged from the Care and Management of the said Branch of Road leading through Lane to

Mustard Green, which will be very prejudicial to the Petitioners and to the Public; and that the said Branch of Road from Bradford Brook to Mustard Green is little more than a Mile in Length, and opens a direct and immediate Communication between the other Branch of Road to Kidderminster, and the Great Roads leading to Stourbridge and Birmingham, but the same is now in a ruinous State, and very incommodious for Carriages and Passengers, and it would be of great Benefit to the Petitioners, and all others residing in that Part of the Country, or having Occasion to make Use of the said Branch of Road, if the same was put in good Repair: And therefore praying. That tire House will not allow the said Trustees to be discharged from the Care and Management of the said Branch of Road leading from Bradford Brook through Cursley Lane to Mustard Green, but that Provisions may be made in the said Bill, for amending and repairing the same Road, by such Ways and Means as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Wigley, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Inches', and for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty, in the West Indies, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South America, and so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, into Nova Scotia, or New Brunswick, from any Country belonging to the United States of America, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6.1. 34. After " that," to insert " from and af- ter the 1 oth Day of July 1794."

Pr. 12. 1. 31. After "Mastic," to insert " Wallabow."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies; and for amending so much of an Act, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships, and so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty in the West Indies, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South America, and so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, into Nova Scotia, or

New Brunswick, from any Country belonging to the United States of America.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the se- Cobbam In-, veral Commons, Heaths, and Marsh and Waste Lands, closure Bill within the Manor of Cobham, otherwise Coveham, in pas8ed* the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, Heaths, and Marsh and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Cobham, otherwise Coveham, in the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Lord William Russell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved, That the Order, made Bill for pr*-upon Saturday last, for the House to resolve itself into Cn"

a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, upon stockbridge the Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption Election dein the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for ^erred-the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton, might be read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill for re-for remedying Inconveniences attending certain Pro- medy,n8 1®-ceedings in the Courts of Great Session in Wales, and in tj,* court* in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Durham, and Lan- in Wales, &c. caster: And that Mr Hardingeand Mr. Serjeant Watson ordered, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do make the Report from Report Reso-the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was lutions on referred to consider of the Government and Trade of Government India. £rade of

Mr. Rose, accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Territorial Acquisitions obtained in The East Indies, with the Revenues of the same, shall

remain

38 Geo. III. 8° Mail753

remain in the Possession of the East India Company, minions, to export from the Port of London, in Ships Resolution* during their further Term in the exclusive Trade, with- to be provided by the East India Company, on the Government out Prejudice to the Claims of the Public or the Com- proper Risque and Account of the Exporters, to any and Trade of pany; subject, nevertheless, to such Superintendance and of the Ports or Places usually visted by the Ships of India. Controul, and to such Appropriations of the Territorial the said Company, on the several Coasts of Malabar Revenues and Profits of Trade, as are herein after and Coromandel, or in the Bay of Bengal, in the East specified. Indies, or the Island of Sumatra, any Goods, Wares,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, or Merchandizes, of the Growth, Produce, or Manu-That Commissioners, to be appointed by His Majesty, facture of the said European Dominions, except Military shall form a Board, and be invested with Authority, to Stores and Ammunition, Masts, Spars, Cordage, An-superintend, direct, and controul all Acts, Operations, chors, Pitch, Tar and Copper.

and Concerns, which relate to the Civil or Military Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Government, or Revenues, of the British Possessions That it appears to be expedient to make it lawful for in India, in like Manner as the Commissioners appointed any of His Majesty's Subjects, in the Civil Service of by virtue of an Act, of the Twenty-fourth Year of His the said Company in India, or being resident there by present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Re- Leave or Licence of the said Company, or under their " gulation and Management of the Affairs of The East Protection as Merchants, to consign and put on " India Company, and of the British Possessions in Board the Ships of the said Company, bound to Great " India, and for establishing a Court of Judicature for Britain, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (except " the more speedy andeffectualTrial of Persons accused such Piece Goods as are herein after mentioned) in orof Offences committed in The East Indies,"were em- der to the same being imported, on the Risque and powered to do by the said Act, or by any other Act or Account of the Private Owners thereof, at the Port of Acts of Parliament; with such further Powers, and London, under the Regulations herein after specified, under and subject to such other Rules, Regulations, so that the Tonnage to be required for that Purpose and Restrictions, touching or concerning the said Civil exceeds not the Quantity of Tonnage which the Corn-Government, and the Appropriation of the said Reve- pany shall be obliged to provide for the Private nues, as shall be now made and provided by the Autho- Trade.

rity of Parliament. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, during the further Term to be granted to the That the Salaries and Allowances, and all Charges and Company, all Persons, except the Company, and such Expences attending the Execution of His Majesty's as shall be licensed by them for that Purpose, shall be Commission in that Behalf, shall be paid and defrayed restricted from importing into Britain any India

Quarterly by the said Company, on a Certificate of the Callicoes, Dimities, Muslins, or other Piece Goods,

Amount thereof, under the Hand of the President of made or manufactured with Silk or Cotton, or with the said Board for the Time being, to the Court of Silk and Cotton mixed, or with other mixed Mate-

Directors of the said Company. rials; but that if the Company, by themselves, or

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, others under their Licence, shall not import a sufficient That it appears to be proper to continue the Govern- Quantity of such Goods to keep the Market supplied

ment of the Presidency of Fort William, in Bengal, in therewith at reasonable Prices to answer the Consump-

a Governor General and Three Counsellors, and to tion of Great Britain (as far as the same are not prohi-continue the Government of each of the Presidencies bited to be worn or used therein) and for Exportation, it of Fort Saint George and Bombay respectively in a shall be lawful for the Board of Commissioners for the Governor and Three Counsellors, with such Powers, Affairs of India to make such Regulations and Restric-and under such Regulations, as by any Act or Acts of tions for admitting Individuals to import the same Parliament the Governor General, Governors and respectively, as the Circumstances of the Case may Counsellors of the said Presidencies respectively, have appear to them to require.

been or are invested with for the Government Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, thereof. That the Company be laid under an Obligation to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, provide, at reasonable Rates of Freight, between the That it appears to be expedient to continue the Power Thirty-first Day of October in each Year, and the First vested in His Majesty to recall any of the Company's Day of February in the following Year, not less than Officers and Servants in India, such Recall being sig- Three thousand Tons of Shipping, for the Purpose of nified to the Directors, by an Instrument in Writing carrying out to India the Private Trade of Individuals, under His Majesty's Sign Manual, countersigned by and for bringing back the Returns of the same, and the President of the Board of Commissioners for the the Private Trade of other Persons who shall be law-Affairs of India; and that the Power of the Court of fully entitled to import the same into this Kingdom;

Directors to remove or recall any of the said Officers and that further Regulations shall be made for aug-or Servants be also continued. menting the said Quantity of Tonnage, as Circumstances

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, may require.

That it appears to be fit and proper to continue to the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

East India Company their exclusive Trade, within the That in Time of Peace the Rate of Freight, which Limits now enjoyed by them, for a further Term of the Company shall be entitled to charge for the Car-Twenty Years, to be computed from the First of riage of Goods from Great Britain to India, shall not March One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety- exceed Five Pounds per Ton; and that the Rate of four, liable to be discontinued at the End of such Freight, which they shall be entitled to charge for the Period if Three Years Notice shall previously be given Carriage of Goods from India to Great Britain, shall by Parliament; subject, nevertheless, to the Regula- not exceed Fifteen Pounds per Ton; and that in tions herein after specified for promoting the Export Times of War, or Preparations for War, between of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, of the Growth, Great Britain and any European Power, dr under any Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, Circumstances incidental to War, or Preparations for and for encouraging Individuals to carry on Trade to War, whereby an Increase in the Rates of Freight, and from the East Indies. payable by the Company, shall become unavoidable,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, then, and in any of those Cases, the Rates of Freight,

That it appears to be expedient to make it lawful for to be charged and received by the Company for the any of His Majesty's Subjects, resident in Great Bri- Carriage of Private Trade, shall, and may, be intern, or in any other of His Majesty's European Do- creased, in a due Proportion, to the additional Rates Vol. 48. q F of

754 8° Mali. A. 1798.

Resolutions of Tonnage paid by the Company for the Hire of Ships respecting for theiir own Trade, and after no' higher Rate or

Government „ . °

and Trade of Proportion. ..... „ , . _

India. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Persons intending to export any Goods to India, shall signify the same in Writing to the Chief Secretary of the Company, before the last Day of August in each Year, for the Ships of the ensuing Season, specifying therein the Port or Place of Destination of such Goods, and the Quantity of Tonnage required for the same, and the Period when the Goods will be ready to be laden or put on Board, and that every Person giving such Notice shall, on, or before, the Fifteenth Day of September next ensuing, deposit in the Treasury of the said Company the Money chargeable for the Freight upon the Quantity of Tonnage required or specified in such Notice, unless the Court of Directors shall think fit to accept any Security for the Payment thereof, and that every such Person shall also, before the Thirtieth Day of October next ensuing such Notice, deliver to the said Secretary a List of the Sorts of Goods intended to be exported, and the Quantities of each of such Sorts respectively, and that, in Default thereof, or Failure, in providing the Goods to be shipped within the Time specified in the Notice for that Purpose, the Deposit, or Security, taken for the Freight, shall be forfeited to the Company.

ftesolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Persons intending to export any Goods from India to Great Britain shall signify the same, by Notice in Writing, to the Chief Secretary of the Presidency (or to such Person as shall be specially authorized to receive the same by the respective Governments Abroad) within a reasonable and convenient Time, to be limited by the said respective Governments for that Purpose, in which Notices shall be specified the Sorts and Quantities of Goods intended to be shipped, the Quantity of Tonnage required, and the Period when the Goods will be ready to be put on Board; and that every Person giving such Notice shall make a Deposit of the Whole Amount of the Freight upon the Quantity of Tonnage specified in the Notice, or otherwise give such reasonable Security for the Payment thereof in Great and the due Performance of his Engagements in that Behalf, as the said respective Governments shall require, and if the Persons giving such Notices shall not provide their Goods to be shipped within the Time therein specified for that Purpose, their Deposits, or Securities, shall be forfeited to the Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if any vacant Tonnage shall remain, not engaged by Individuals either in Great , or India,

after the Times limited for giving such Notices respectively, the same, together with any other vacant Tonnage, occasioned by the Failure or Default of any Persons in the Delivery of their Merchandize within the Period specified in their Notices for that Purpose, shall, and may, be occupied by the Goods of the said Company; and that, if the Whole Quantity of Tonnage required for Private Trade in any Year, either in Great Britain or India, shall exceed the Whole Quantity of Tonnage, which the Company are bound to provide in such Year respectively, in that Case the Whole of the Tonnage provided shall be distributed amongst the Parties requiring the same, in Proportion to the Quantities specified in their respective Notices.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons residing in India in the Civil Service of the said Company, or by their Leave or Licence, not being restricted by their Covenants with the Company, or otherwise specially prohibited by them, or their Governments in India, shall be permitted to act as Commercial Agents, Managers, or Con-

signees, on the Behalf of such Persons as shall think fit to employ them, as well in the Disposal of their Export Goods, as in providing such other Kinds of Goods as may, by Law, be imported into Great Britain on their private Account, without incurring any Penalty in respect thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if, upon any Representation made to the Court of Directors by, or on the Behalf of, the Private Traders, of the Want of a sufficient Number of Persons resident in India, for the Conduct and Management of the Private Trade, duly authorized and qualified for that Purpose, the said Court shall fail to licence a farther Number of Free Merchants, to the Satisfaction of the said Private Traders, it shall be lawful for the said Traders to represent the same to the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India; and that the Court of Directors shall be thereupon obliged to licence a proper and sufficient Number of Persons to reside at their Settlements in India, in the Character of Free Merchants, with the Approbation of the said Board.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duty of Five Pounds per Centum, payable to the said Company, by virtue of an Act of the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the Third, and the Two per Centum now collected by them on the Value of Goods imported from the East Indies, or other Places within the Limits of their exclusive Trade, should be discontinued; and that a Duty not exceeding Three Pounds per Centum on the true and real Value, or Sale Amount, of all Goods imported from the said Limits into Great Britain in Private Trade, be granted in Lieu thereof, and that the same be accepted or retained by the said Company out of the Proceeds of such Goods, as the Contributory Share, or Proportion, of the Private Traders, for the Expences of the said Company, in respect of the said Private Trade.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it will be proper to establish such Rules and Regulations as may ensure as speedy Sales (after the Clearance of the Ship) of the Articles of Silk, Skins, Wool, Colton, Indigo, Dying Woods, and Drugs, imported in Private Trade, as shall be found consistent with the Interests of the Owners, and for so limiting the Value of the Lots of those Articles as that no one Lot may exceed a reasonable Sum to be fixed, and for entitling the Owners, who shall buy in their Consignments of the above-mentioned Articles, to an early Delivery thereof, without actual Payment of the Purchase Monies into the Company's Treasury beyond the Amount of the Customs, Duties and Charges of Freight, and to provide that all other Goods, imported in Private Trade, shall be deposited in the Company's Warehouses, and be in like Manner sold on Account of the Owners at an early Period, and that the Prices thereof, and also of such of the said Articles of Raw Materials as shall not be brought in by the Owners or Importers, shall be paid into the Company's Treasury for the Use of the said Owners or Importers, and that the Private Trade, and the Sales thereof, shall be managed, disposed, and conducted, according to the Bye Laws of the Company made and provided for the Management of Private and privileged Trade, except in such Respects only as shall be otherwise specially ordered and directed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is fit and proper that all Restraints laid by Law on the Servants of the Company, and other Subjects of His Majesty, and now in Force, whereby they are impeded or restricted in the Recovery of their just Debts, or other Demands, in Foreign Parts, or in His Majesty's Dominions, in whatever Mode such Debts may have been contracted, or such Demands incurred, should be removed, and that the Twenty-ninth Section of an Act, of the Twenty-first Year of His Majesty's Reign,

8° Mali.

755

Reign, whereby British Subjects in India were prohibited from lending Money to Foreign Companies, or Foreign European Merchants, and from purchasing Goods, or lending Money for that Purpose on any of their Accounts, or furnishing them with any Bills of Exchange therein described, should be repealed; and that all Penalties incurred by any Breach thereof, for which no Prosecution hath been already commenced, should be discharged.

Resolved, That it Is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is proper to declare, that the Powers and Authorities of the Company and their Governments Abroad over their Officers and Servants, and other British Subjects residing under their Protection in India, notwithstanding their being authorized and employed to act as Managers or Agents for Private Traders, shall remain, and continue in the same Force and Effect as if they had not been so authorized or employed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to provide that such British Subjects, as are, by Law, restricted from residing in any other Place in India than in one of the principal Settlements belonging to the Company, or within Ten Miles of such Principal Settlement, be also restricted from going to, or visiting, any Place beyond the Distance of Ten Miles from such principal Settlement without the Special Licence of the Company, or of the Governor General, or Governor of such Settlement or Presidency, for that Purpose in Writing first had and obtained, on Pain of being dismissed the Service of the Company, and of forfeiting the Licence of the Company to continue in India.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Company shall be exempted from the Claims of Individuals to Compensation, in respect to any Embezzlement, Waste, Loss, or Damage, of their Goods or Merchandize, while on Board of the Company's Ships, or in their Warehouses at Home or Abroad, but the Officers and Servants of the Company, and any other Persons, through whose Means, Default, or Neglect, any such Loss or Damage may happen, shall be answerable for the same at Law to the Owners, and that, for the better securing to such Owners their Remedy in respect thereof, the Covenants, and other Engagements, to be entered into in future by the Masters and Commanders, and other Officers and Servants of the said Company, entrusted with the Care and Management of the Ships and Cargoes, shall be made to extend to the Goods and Merchandize carried in Private Trade, and Provision made to enable the Owners to avail themselves of such Covenants and Engagements in case of any Breach thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the clear Revenues arising from the British Territories in India shall, during the further Term to be granted in the exclusive Trade, be applied and disposed of in the following Manner (that is to say) in the First Place, in defraying all the Charges and Expences of raising and maintaining the Forces, as well European as Native, Military and Marine, on the Establishments in India, and of maintaining the Forts and Garrisons there, and providing Warlike and Naval Stores; Secondly, in Payment of the Interest accruing on the Debts owing, or which may be hereafter incurred, by the Company in India; Thirdly, in defraying the Civil and Commercial Establishments of the said Company at their several Settlements; Fourthly, that there shall be issued to the respective Commercial Boards of the said Company at their several Presidencies in India, in such Proportions as the Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, shall from Time to Time direct, a Sum of not less than One Crore of Current Rupees in every Year, to be applied in the Vol. 48.

Provision of the Company's Investment of Goods in Resolution* India, and in Remittances to China for the Provision Government of Investment of Goods there; and, Fifthly, that, as and Trade of often as any Part of the said Debts shall be redeemed India, or discharged in India, or transferred from thence to Great Britain, the Court of Directors, with the Consent of the said Commissioners, shall be authorized to increase the Annual Advancement to the said Commercial Boards for the Provision of Investments Abroad in the same Extent to which the Interest of the Debts in India shall be reduced by such Extinction and Transfers respectively, if the Trade from India and Remittances to China, shall admit of, or require, such Annual Increase; or otherwise, that the Surplus thus accruing shall be applied to the Liquidation of the Debts in India or to such other Uses and Purposes as the Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, shall direct.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tills Committee,

That a Proportion of the Debts owing by the Company in India, to the Amount of Fifty Lacks of Rupees, or Five hundred Thousand Pounds, per Annum, be remitted Home by Bills from the several Presidencies on the Court of Directors at equitable Rates of Exchange; and, in case the Creditors shall not subscribe to the above Amount Annually, then that the Governor General in Council of Bengal shall be authorized to raise Money for that Purpose by granting Bills of Exchange on the Court of Directors, at the like Rates as for other Money paid into the Company's Treasury at Fort William, and apply the $ums so raised, or whatever Surplus may remain, after providing for the Company's Investment of Goods, to the Discharge of such Debts, until the Total of the Debts bearing Interest in India shall be reduced to a Sum not exceeding Two Crores of Current Rupees, or Two Millions of Pounds Sterling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, during the Continuance of the exclusive Trade to the said Company, the Net Proceeds of their Sales of Goods in England, with their Profits arising by Private or Privilege Trade, or in any other Manner, after providing for the current Payments of Interest, and other Outgoings, Charges, and Expences, of the said Company, shall be applied and disposed of in the following Manner (that is to say) First in Payment of a Dividend after the Rate of Ten Pounds Centum per Annum on the present or any future Amount of the Capital Stock of the said Company, such Payment to commence at Midsummer 1793; Secondly, in Payment of Five hundred Thousand Pounds per Annum, the same to be set apart on the 1st Day of March, and the 1st Day of September, Half Yearly, in equal Portions, and applied in the Discharge of Bills of Exchange to be drawn for the Transfer and Diminution of the Debts of the said Company in India, until the same shall be reduced to Two Crores of Current Rupees, or Two Millions Sterling; Thirdly, in Payment of a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Thousand Pounds in every Year, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied as Parliament shall direct, the same to he set apart for that Purpose on the 1st Day of July and the 1st Day of January in every Year, by equal Portions, and the First Half Yearly Payment thereof to be made and accounted due on the 1st Day of July 1793; and, in the Event of any Deficiency of the said Funds in any Year for satisfying such last mentioned Payments into His Majesty's Exchequer, that the same be made good out of any Surplus which may remain from the said Net Proceeds in any subsequent Year, after the Payment of the Annual Sum of Five hundred Thousand Pounds into His Majesty's Exchequer in each Year respectively; and that, when the said Debts in India shall have been reduced to the Amount aforesaid, and the Bond Debt

in

Resolutions respecting Government and Trade of India.

8° Mail

in Great Britain shall have been reduced to One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, the Surplus of the said Net Proceeds, after such Provisions made as aforesaid, and after Payment of a Dividend after the said Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum on the said Capital Stock, and the said Annual Sum of Five hundred Thousand Pounds into the Exchequer, and after making good all former Deficiencies in the said Annual Payments (if any such shall happen) shall be applied and disposed of in Manner following'(that is to say) One Sixth Part of the said Surplus shall be reserved and retained by the said Company for their own Use, and applied in Augmentation of the Dividends on their said Capital Stock, and the Residue of the said Surplus shall be set apart, and, from Time to Time, paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied as Parliament shall direct, without any Interest to be paid to the Company in respect or for the Use thereof, but nevertheless to be considered and declared as a Collateral Security to the said Company for the said Capital Stofck," and for the Dividend of Ten per Centum per Annum in respect thereof, not exceeding the Sum of Twelve Millions of Pounds Sterling, and that the Excess of such Payments (if any) beyond that Amount, shall be deemed and declared the Property of the Public, and at the Disposal of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Th^t, if the Company's Debts in India, after the same shall have been reduced to Two Crores of Current Rupees, or Two Millions of Pounds Sterling, shall be again increased beyond that Amount, or if their Bond Debt in Great Britain, after the same shall have been reduced to One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, shall be again increased beyond that Sum, then, and so often as either of those Cases shall happen, there shall be reserved and set apart, out of the said Net Proceeds, next after Payment of the said Dividend of Ten Pounds per Centum on the said Capital Stock, but in Preference to any other Application thereof, the Sum of Five hundred Thousand Pounds per Annum, to be appropriated to the Reduction of such

new Debts respectively, until the Debts in India shall be again reduced to Two Crores of Current Rupees, and the said Bond Debt in Great Britain to One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, to secure to the Company at all Times the Means of carrying on their Trade with Credit and Advantage, it is expedient to make Provision for so arranging the Payment into the Exchequer, of the aforesaid Proportion of any Annual Balance, or Surplus of the said Net Proceeds becoming due and payable there, as to authorize the Company to retain a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Thousand Pounds, for their Current Cash for so long Time, after the End of each Year, as may be reasonably deemed sufficient for their receiving new Monies in the Course of their Trade to replace the Sums so retained; and, for the like Purpose, that a Power should be vested in the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, upon the Requisition of the Company, to postpone any of the said Half Yearly Payments into the Exchequer for a reasonable Time to be limited in that Behalf, on its being satisfactorily shewn to him or them that the Affairs of the Company require such Postponement.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, during the further Term in the exclusive Trade, the Company shall be restricted from making any other Distribution of the Sum of Money and Stock now standing upon their Books, under the Title of " The Company's Separate Fund," (the said Sum now amounting, with Interest thereon, computed to the 1st Day of March 1793, to Four hundred and Sixty-seven

A. 1793.

thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence, and the said Stock being East India Stock, to the Sum of Nine thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds) or any future Interest or Dividends arising the reby, otherwise than as hereafter is mentioned (that is to say) That, after Payment into His Majesty's Exchequer of the Two first Instalments of Two hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds each, which will accrue due to the Public on the 1st Day of July 1793, and the 1st Day of January 1794, or otherwise, after setting apart a sufficient Sum for such Payment, it shall be lawful for the said Company, out of the said separate Fund, and the growing Income thereof, to make and declare a Dividend, or Dividends, after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, on the present, or any future Amount of their Capital Stock, which said Dividend, or Dividends, shall be paid and payable to the said Company, over and above any other Dividend or Dividends, which shall become due in respect to the said Capital Stock.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is proper to make Provision for so limiting the granting of Pensions, or increasing the Salaries of Officers, or creating any New Establishments at Home as may effectually protect the Company's Funds in Great Britain from any unnecessary Charges.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Court of Directors of the said Company shall, within the first Fourteen Sitting Days next after the 30th Day of March in every Year, lay before both Houses of Parliament an Account, made up according to the latest Advices, of the Annual Produce of the Revenues of the British Territories in India, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads thereof, at their several Presidencies or Settlements, with the Amount of their Sales of Goods and Stores within the Limits of their exclusive Trade, and of all their Annual Disbursements within' the said Limits, distinguishing the same under the respective Heads thereof, and the Amount of their Debts Abroad, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest, and the State of their Effects at each Presidency or Settlement, and in China, consisting of Cash and Bills in the Treasuries, Goods and Stores, and Debts owing to the Company, according to the latest Advices, together with a List of their several Establishments Abroad, and the Salaries and Allowances payable by the said Company at each Presidency or Settlement, and in China; and also, another Annual Account, made up to the 1st Day of March next preceding the Delivery thereof to Parliament, containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Company's Sales at Home, and of their Commercial and other Charges and Payments in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof, and of their Bond Debts, and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, Rnd the Annual Amount of such Interest, and the State of the Cash remaining in the Treasury, and other Effects appertaining to the Company at Home or a-float.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in the present Circumstances of the East India Company, they should be enabled to raise a Sum of Money, by adding One Million Pounds Capital Stock to their present Capital of Five Million Pounds, so as to make their whole Capital Stock in future Six Millions, and that such Addition be made by opening a Subscription to the Amount of the said One Million Pounds Capital Stock, at a Rate to be fixed for every One hundred Pounds of such Capital Stock, or at such Rate as the Court of Directors of the said Company, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of the Treasury, shall direct; and that the Subscribers to the same be declared entitled to the like Profits, Benefits, and Privileges, in respect thereof, as the Proprietors of

East

33 Geo. III. 8° Mail.

East India Stock are or may be entitled to in respect of wholly free from any Jurisdiction or Authority of the Resolution* their present Stock. Chinese Government, in that Case, and so long as the *e®PecUnS

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, same shall so remain, Individuals shall be permitted, an°dTradeof That the said Company shall apply a sufficient Part of under such Regulations and Restrictions as shall be India, the Sum to be. raised by the said Subscription in the approved by the Board of Commissioners for the Af-Reduction of their Bond Debt in Great Britain, to the fairs of to etpost British and Irish Merchandize Sum of One Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, in the Company's Shjps at a moderate Rate of Freight, and the Residue thereof in Discharge of such other the same being consigned to the Company's Super-Debts as the Company shall think fit. cargoes, or such other Persons, as the Company, with

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Approbation of the said Board of Commissioners,

That, after the Bond Debt of the Company in Great shall license to reside for that Purpose only; and that Britain shall have been reduced to the Sum of One such Persons shall be restrained from any Connection,

Million Five hundred Thousand Pounds, the same or Intercourse, with the Continent of from any

shall not be again increased beyond that Amount, ex- other Trade or Concern whatever, save and except cept with the Approbation of the Board of Commis- the Sale of British and Irish Manufactures before-men-sioners for the Affairs of India, signified in Writing, tioned, and from any Interference with the Affairs of under the Hands of Three or more of the said Com- the Company, and be subject to the usual Covenants missioners: and that any such Increase of Bond Debt entered into by the Servants of the Company, they shall in no wise be made to exceed the Sum of Three paying the Produce into the Company's Treasury for hundred Thousand Pounds in any One Year. Bills at the actual Rate of Exchange at the Time;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, but that no Person whatever, who is not a Servant of That it will be for the mutual Convenience and Ad- the Company, be permitted to reside in any Place or vantage to the Public, the East India Company, and Places so ceded, nor to Trade or communicate with the Holders of certain Annuities to the Amount of any Port or Place in China.

2,992,440 /. 5 s. Capital, carrying an Interest after The Thirty-five first Resolutions of the Committee the Rate of 3/. per Centum per Annum, amounting to being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the 89,773/. 155. (being Part of the Sum of 4,200,000l. Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the due and owing by the Public to the said Company) House.

and which were sold by the said Company by virtue The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being of an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-third Year of read a Second Time; an Amendment was proposed King George the Second, that the said Annuities, and to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Words likewise certain other Annuities, to the Amount of " who is not a Servant of the Company," the Words, 1,207,559/. 15 s. Capital, bearing an Interest after " or licensed by them."

the like Rate of 3 /. per Centum per Annum, amount- And the said Amendment was, upon the Question ing to 36,22 61. 16 j. (being the Remainder of the put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Sum of 4,200,000l. due by the Public to the said Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Com-Company) and which, by virtue of different Acts of mittee in the said Resolution so amended. That if, Parliament, the Company have been empowered to under the present Embassy to the Court of Pekin, any sell or mortgage, be placed, with the Consent of the Cession of Territory shall be obtained, distinct and se-said Company and Annuitants, under the Management parate from the Continent of China, and wholly free of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,' from any Jurisdiction or Authority of the Chinese Go-and be ingrafted upon, and consolidated with, the vernment, in that Case, and so long as the same shall Stock called 3 /. per Centum Reduced Annuities, pay- so remain, Individuals shall be permitted, under such able at the Bank, and such Ingraftment and Consoli- Regulations and Restrictions as shall be approved by dation deemed and taken to be a Redemption of the the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India, said several Loans as between the Public and the to export British and Irish Merchandize in the Corn-said East India Company, and that, instead of the An- pany's Ships at a moderate Rate of Freight, the same nual Sum of 126,000l. in respect of the Annuities being consigned to the Company's Supercargoes, or ' aforesaid, with an Allowance for Charges of Manage- such other Persons a9 the Company, with the Appro-ment, being issued at the Exchequer to the said Com- bation of the said Board of Commissioners, shall license pany, the said Annual Sum be in future issued at the to reside for that Purpose only; and that such Persons Exchequer to the Governor and Company of the Bank shall be restrained from any Connection, or Inter-of England, for the Use of the said East India Company course, with the Continent of China from any other and the said Annuitants, according to their respective Trade or Concern whatever, save and except the Sale Shares, and that the Allowances made to the said of British and Manufactures before-mentioned.

Company, in pursuance of an Act, of the Twenty- and from any Interference with the Affairs of the fourth Year of King George the Second, for the Charges Company, and be subject to the usual Covenants en-and Expences attending the receiving, paying, trans- tered into by the Servants of the Company, they pay-ferring and transacting the Affairs of the said Annui- ing the Produce into the Company's Treasury for Bills tants, amounting to 1,687/. Per Annum, be made to at the actual Rate of Exchange at the Time; but that cease and determine. no Person whatever, who is not a Servant of the Com-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, pany, or licensed by them, be permitted to reside in That the Power of the East India Company, to sell or any Place or Places so ceded, nor to Trade or corn-mortgage their Share of the said Annuities, be pre- municate with any Port or Place in China. served to them, and that, after the said Ingraftment or Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon Consolidation, the Shares of the several Annuitants, the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Secretary Durtdas, and of the said Company, shall be subject to the like Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney Ge-Trusts and Incumbrances as would have obtained if neral, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring no such Ingraftment or Change of Management had in, the same, taken Place; and that the said Annuities be made subject to Redemption by the Public. Lord Viscount Parker reported to the House, That Answer to

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would Address. That if, under the present Embassy to the Court of be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Co-Pekin, any Cession of Territory shall be obtained, pies of the Reports therein mentioned might be laid distinct and separate from the Continent of China, and before this House) had been presented to His Ma-Vol. 48. 9G jesty;

8° Maii. A. 1793.

jesty; and that His Majesty had commanded' him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Govern- |q rei0lye itself into a Committee of the whole House, TVade^f In- to cons^er further of the Government and Trade of di« deferred. India, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Way* and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Mean* de- {0 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *rre ' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Badford Cha- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into deferred further Consideration the Report which was made from

e the Committee to whom the Bill for repealing an Act,

made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Chantable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates X( given by Sir William Harpur, Knight, and Dame " Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other " Objects of Charity, of the Town of ," and for the better Management and Disposition of the said Estates, and the Rents and Profits thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Elections

deferred.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving

Active the Report from the Committee of the whole House, don of No- to wh°m the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed ticesofTime in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the and Place of Third, intituled, "An Act for the further regulating " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, ana " for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs " and other Officers in the electing and returning such " Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Order read The other Order of the Day being read, for the for Commit- House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tee on Farn- House, upon the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to Tythe Pa^ for the Tythe of Hops, planted in Fields in the Parish of Famham, in the County of Surrey.

The Lord* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. have agreed Walker:

*° Mr. Speaker,

Commercial The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Au Credit Bill. Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned; without any Amendment And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Burton be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for remedying Inconveniences attending certain Proceedings in the Courts of Great Session in Wales, and in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Durham, and Lancaster.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late of John Blackbume, Esquire, deceased, and of a Freehold and Leasehold Estate, late of Richard Kent, Esquire, deceased, and for the Application of the respective Purchase Monies; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Grenville, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Loch Gilp to Lock Crinan, in the Shire of Argyll:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from a Place called Hammerside Hul, in the Parish of Ulverstone, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to a Place called Weint End, near the Town of Ulverstone aforesaid:

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at, or near, Bubwith Ferry, in the East Riding of the County of York, and making proper Approaches thereto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Famham Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- j next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops, planted in Fields in the Parish of Famham, io the County of Surrey.

Member added to brin a in Welsh " Courts, &c. Bill.

The Lords have passed

Blackbume and Kent's Estate Bill.

Royal Assen to Bills.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

Cardington and Burford Bridge Road Bill presented.

The Lords will proceed on Thursday on Mr. Hastings Trial.

Additional Petition to Worcester and Droitwich Roads Bill reported.

9° Ma

759

Jovis, 9° die Anno 33* Georgii III*8 Regis, 1793. Praters.

TH £ Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

City of Worcester to Sp<uk*b$urm Bridge, and from a Place called The Chapel on the Bridge, in the Borough of Droitwich, to Bradley Brook, and from Woolmore Green to the Worcester Turnpike Road at Park Hall, and from Droitwich to Holt Fleet, and from a Place

called Nethet'wieh Bridge to Low Hill, and from the Bottom of Red Hill, in the Parish of Claines, into the Turnpike Road between Worcester and in

the County of Worcester, and certain Lanes and Streets within or near to the City of Worcester and Borough of Droitrvich aforesaid, is committed, That they nave Power to make Provision in the said Bill for amending and repairing the Road leading from Bradford Brook, through Cursley Lane, to Mustard ,in the County of Worcester.

Mr. Whitbread, Senior, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the person3) whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being " Forty-eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Cardington, Owners of Estates Houses. or Residents, within

in the present Turnpike Road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for continuing Road from thence to the Great Northern Road

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do make the Report from w*jc»t |*v.

the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several ipg. fcc.P.ti-

tion reported.

Owners of Estates and Houses, or Residents, within

a

" near Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford

And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Thursday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are _______ ____________ _ ____________________

thereunto subscribed, being Owners or Occupiers of and, for Want of a proper Policerare'subject to many Estates within the County of Worcester, was referred; Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments; and it That the Committee had examined, and found that -

the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turn* pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-

such Part of the Parish of Walcot, near the City of Bath, in the County of Somerset, as lies out of the Precincts or Jurisdiction of the said City, was referred.

Mr. Lygon accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Paving Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Bowsher being examined, said, That the several Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, within that Part of the Parish of Walcot which is not within the Jurisdiction of the City of Bath, are very insufficiently paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched,

tion, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, William Wheeler, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Branch of Road leading from Bradford Brook, through Cursley Lane, to Mustatd Green, in de County of Worcester, is at present in a ruinous State, and that if

Provision was made in the Bill for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair de Roads leading from the City of Worcester to Spadesbourne Bridge, and from a Place called The Chapel on the Bridge, in the Borough of Droitwich, to Bradley Brook, and from Woolmore Green to the Worcester Turnpike Road at Park Hall, and from Droitwich to Holt Fleet, and from a Place called Netherwich Bridge to Low Hill, and from de Bottom of Red Hill, in the Parish

would tend greatly to de Safety and Accommodation of Persons residing in, or resorting to, the said Parts of de said Parish, if proper Powers were given for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the same, for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments, and for establishing a proper and efficient Police therein, and also, for licensing and regulating a convenient Number of Hackney Coaches and Chairs, Carts and Porters, to limit their Distances, and fix their Fares, with proper Rules and Orders for their Regulation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, -watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Public Places, within such Part of the Parish of Walcot, in the County of Somerset, as is not within the Circuit, Precinct, and Jurisdiction, of the City of Bath, in the same County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, and Carts, widin the same Part of the said Parish: And that Mr. Lygon Mr. Hippisley Core, and Sir Tohn Trevelyan, do prepare

of Chines, into the Turnpike Road between Worcester

and Ombersley, in the County of Worcester, and certain and bring in,'"the same.

Lanes and Streets widin or near to the City of Worcester and Borough of Droitwich aforesaid, for properly An ingrossed Bill for draining, dividing, inclosing, Redons and amending and keeping de said Branch of Road in arut improving, all de Moor Lands in the Townships Swintfleet Repair, it would be a great Convenience to all Persons of Redness and Smnefket, in de Parish of Whitgift, in Pr""*r "<{ having Occasion to pass drough de same, and be of de West Riding of de County of York, was read the Sd public Utility. Third Time. P

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Com* Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that Title mittee, to whom de Bill for more effectually amending be, An Act for draining, dividing, inclosing, and and keeping in Repair de Roads leading from de improving, all the Moor Lands in the Townships ot Vol. 48. Redness

760

9° Ma

A. 1793.

Redness and Swinejleet, in the Parish of in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Blacktarne An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act and Kent's for Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late of John read. Esquire, deceased, and of a Freehold and Leasehold Estate, late of Richard Kent, Esquire, deceased, and for the Application of the respective Purchase Monies, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill respect The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Coaches^and Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to ex-Chairsor-0 " P^a*n anc* amend so much of an Act, made in the dered. " Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

" as relates to Hackney Coaches and Chairs," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act, for substituting other Provisions in lieu thereof, and for better regulating the Owners and Drivers of Hackney Coaches: And that Sir kin Lewes and Mr. Fox do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill for regu- Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, lating the according to Order, a Bill for continuing in the Pos-and Trade of sess*on °* the East India Company, for a further Term,

.India, pre- the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues obtained in tented. the East Indies, and for making further Provision for the Government and Security of the said Territories, and the Appropriation of the Revenue thereof, and for the further Continuance of the exclusive Trade of the said Company, under certain Limitations and Restrictions, and more effectually securing the Benefits thereof, and for applying Part of the Funds of the said Company in the Reduction of their Debts, and appropriating the Residue thereof for the Benefit of the Public and of the said Company, pursuant to an Agreement made for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

TJill for placing East India Annuities under the Management of the Bank, &c. presented*

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for placing the Stock, called East India Annuities, under the Management of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and ingrafting the same on the Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, in Redemption of a Debt of Four Millions Two hundred Thousand Pounds owing by the Public to the East India Company, and for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money by a further Increase of their Capital Stock, to be applied in Discharge of certain Debts of the said Company: And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the House of the 14th Day of December last, " That feringin1*1" " it i* a high Infringement of the Liberties and Elections " Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain for any

read. " Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any

" County, to concern themselves in the Elections of " Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Hesolutioa

respecting

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords Walker: have eFetd

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to enable Act to enable the Common Council of the Town of the Common Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on Behalf and £®""l1 ®fto Account of the Corporation of the said Town, to ^uiTNego-issue Negotiable Notes, for a limited Time, and to a liable Notes, limited Amount: without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for Re-Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with Bef of Cap-respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize toreo n2"' Goods in this Kingdom; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Godman-Act to continue the Terms of Two several Acts, passed Chester Road in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Bill-jesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from in the County of Huntingdon, through Fenstanton and Cambridge, to the first Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridg; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to amend Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year Act forregu-of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- £*jng0f*e cond, intituled, "An Act for the due making of Bread.

" Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof;

" and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal,

" Flour, or Bread," with respect to the Time within which certain Prosecutions directed by the said Act are to be brought; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to amend Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Kirkby Ken-Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for making dal Canal " and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Kirkby Act"

" Kendal, in the County of Westmoreland, to West " Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and

" also a Navigable Branch from the said intended,

" Canal at or near Borwick, to or near War ton Cragg,

" and also another Navigable Branch from, at, or near,

" Galemoss, by Chorley, to or near Duxbury, in the " said County Palatine of Lancaster,'' and also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near Galgate, or Glasson Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Greetbam Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Common- 1 able and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Greetham, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hedon and Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Road* Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year 1 of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Hedon, in the East Riding of the County of York, through the said Town, to Hull North Bridge, and for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Wyton Holmes, through the Townships of Wyton and Sproatley, to the Guide Post in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moor House, in the same Riding; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Perth Roads Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more Bill, effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for making and repairing the Roacf from Crieff towards Stirling and -= Alloa,

'33 &eo. III.

9°

761

Durnford Inclosure Bill.

Idsal Inclosure Bill.

Bicester In-dosure Bill.

Aston Up-thoT^mfclo sore Bill.

Kirton in Lindsey In* closure Bill.

Selby Ferry and iMarket Weighton Road Bill.

The Lords have passed

Bewicke/s Divorce Bill

Bill to disunite the Rectories of Gimingham and Trunch.

Bill for securing the Rights of Patentees ordered.

‘Allba, and other Roads ih 'the said County, without any Amendment: Acid also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bid, intitujef), An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Durnford, in the County Of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to, the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,. Five Open Common Fields, commonly called Shiffnal Town Field, otherwise Pool field, otherwise Drayton Field, the Wyke Field, the Church Field, otherwise Field, Haughton Middle Field, otherwise Field,

and the Upper Field, otherwise Nedge Field, in the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shiffnal, in the County of Salop; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the 6pep and Common Arable Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Township of Burcester-King's-End, otherwise Bicester-K in the Parish of Burcester, otherwise , in the County of

Oxford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Hamlet of Aston Upthorpe, in the Parish of Blew bury, in the County of Berks; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Kirton in Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Selby Ferry, in the Parish of Heming, to the Town of Market Weighton, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Calverley John Bewicke, Clerk, with Mary Elizabeth, otherwise Mary Eliza Vaughan, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to disunite the Rectories of Gimingham and Trunch, in the County of Norfolk, and Diocese of Norwich; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for securing the Rights of Patentees, in certain Cases, from the Encroachments of Foreigners: And that Mr. Bernard, Mr. John Pitt, and Sir John Ingilby, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

And *the, same was fead Accordingly, and is as followed;

At the Court at James's,

the ibth of Fibt 1793.

Present,

The KING'S most Excellent MAJESTY in Council*

1

It is this Day ordered by His Majesty in Council, That so much of the Order made at this Board on the 6th of this Instant February, as permits all Bye Boats, whether British or French, employed in the Conveyance of Letters and Passengers between Great Britain and France, or the Countries occupied by the Armies of France, to pass and re-pass, as heretofore, with their respective Complements of Men, be, and the same is hereby revoked and made void; and that no Ship or Vessel whatsoever belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, except such as are or may be emplpyed by His Majesty's Post Master General, in such Number as shall be approved of by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, between the Ports of Great Britain and France, or between the Ports of this Kingdom and the Ports of the Countries occupied by the Armies of France, for the Purpose of conveying the Mails, and except such Ships or Vessels as are or may be employed by the Directors of the Post Offices in France, or in the Countries occupied by the Armies of France, in such Number as shall be approved of by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, in consequence of any Agreement which has been or may be made for that Purpose, for conveying the Mails between the Ports of Great Britain and France, and the Countries occupied by the Armies of France, be permitted to clear out or sail for any of the Ports of France, or of the Countries occupied by the Armies of France, until further Order. — And His Majesty, with the Advice of His Privy Council, is hereby further pleased to order, That no Person or Persons whatever be permitted to embark on Board any of the before described Ships or Vessels employed in Carrying the Mails from this Kingdom to France, or the Countries occupied by the Armies of France, or to land in this Kingdom from any of the Ships or Vessels before described employed in bringing the Mails from France, or from the Countries occupied by the Annies of France, without such Person or Persons, being furnished with a Passport from One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State. — And the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, are to give the necessary Directions herein as to them may respectively appertain.

(Signed)

W.

Order of Council respecting the Embarkation and Landing of Persons from France, read.

The House was moved, That the Copy of His Majesty's Order in Council, revoking so much of the Order, made on the 6th Instant, as' relates to Bye Boats passing between Great Britain and France; and to allow only Vessels employed under the Directions of the respective Post Offices in conveying the Mails to and from France, and the Countries occupied by the Armies of France, to clear out; and no Passengers to sail in British Packet Boats, or to be landed from those of France, &c. without a Passport from His Majesty's Secretary of State, 20th February 1793 (which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last) might be read.

Vol. 48.

A Motion wras made, and the Question being put, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into certain Facts which took place at Dover, in the latter End of February last, under Authority of the said Order of Council;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Papers, which were presented to the House, upon Tuesday last, by Mr. Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

9 H The

Motion for Enquiry into certain Facts which took place at Dover;

Neg.

East India Papers to be printed.

Committee on Bill for raising Money on the Hundred of Hemiingford.

Report referred.

Anglesey CopperMines Petition reported.

9° — 10° Mail A. 1793.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Order, That, the said. Report be, referred to the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Consideration of a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more easy raising Money upon Resol That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, the Hundred of Hemiingford, in the County of War- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. wick, for paying the Damages and Costs incurred on to consider of the said Report.

Account of the late Riots within the said Hundred,

than is authorized to be done by the Laws now in The other Orders of the Day being read; being; Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, Bill to regu-

Ordered, That the Report which was made from at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Com- late the

the Committee, to whom the Petition of Heneage Earl mittee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate of Ayleford and Henry Earl of Digby, and the humble the Transfer of Shares in all Undertakings for mak- Navigable Petition of several other Persons, being Inhabitants ing Navigable Canals, and to prohibit the Transfer Canals, 4c. and Land Owners of the Hundred of Hemiingford, of Subscriptions to such intended Canals for a cer- deferred, in the County of Warwick, was referred, be referred tain Time after such Subscriptions shall have been to the said Committee. made.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Bill for limit-mittee. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. House, upon the Bill for limiting, regulating, and Acu for

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh took the applying, the Produce of the Tolls imposed by Acts making Ca-Chair of the Committee. of Parliament for making Navigable Canals and naU,deferred.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Aqueducts.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh reported Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Friendly So-from the Committee, That they had gone through resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, d the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; upon the Bill for the Encouragement and Relief of which they had directed him to report, when the House Friendly Societies.

will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report which was made from BedfordClia-

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an de*

Morning. Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His pre- erre

sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Mr. Thomas Williams reported from the Committee, " Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regu-to whom the Petition of the Right honourable the " lating the Application of the Rents and Profits of Earl of Uxbridge, Proprietor of certain Copper and " the Estates given by Sir William Harpur, Knight,

Lead Mines in the Isle of Anglesey, on Behalf of him- " and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the self, and other Persons interested in the Mines in " Poor, and other Objects of Charity, of the Town the said Island, was referred; That the Committee " of Bedford? and for the fetter Management and had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and Disposition of the said Estates, and the Rents and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared Profits thereof, was committed, be taken into further to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's

Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

vie. Morning, Ten of the Clock.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals, used " in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire ""Engines for draining Water out of the Copper " and Lead Mines, within the Isle of ," was

read, by which it appeared that the Amount of the Duty allowed to be drawn back by virtue of the said Act is limited to 1,5001, per Annum: And,

A Member present informed your Committee, That in Consequence of the said Drawback, which was granted on Account of the Want of Coals in the said Isle, Ores have been smelted with Coals brought there, the Drawback of the Duties on which has amounted to the Sum limited by the said Act.

Mr. George Pengree being examined, said, That there are still very large Veins of Copper Ore in the said Isle, capable of yielding great Quantities of Fine Copper, and which might be worked, if the Duty on all Coals imported into the said Isle for the Purpose of calcining or smelting such Copper Ore, and used in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Mines of Copper and Lead in the said Isle, were drawn back without Limitation; but the said Ores are of so poor a Quality, that they will not bear the Expence of being carried to be smelted in Countries where Coals pay no Duty, nor can they bear the Expence of being smelted there with Coals, chargeable with the Duty for which no Drawback is allowed: That the Demand for Fine Copper is daily encreasing, on Account of the great Advantages arising from the Use of Copper in the Fastenings and Sheathing of Ships, and the Consumption is greater than what this Country produces.

Veneris, 10* dieMaii;

Anno 33* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1793.

Praters.

AMOTION was made, and the Question being pro- Chelmsford posed, That the ingrossed Bill for making and Navigation maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, the paMed' Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Colliers Reach, in or near the River Black-water, in the said County, be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word "now" and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, that the Word " now" stand part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Black-water, in the said County, be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, the Town of Chelmsford,

The Lords him passed

Dutchess of Chaudos Estate Bill.

Berguer's Nat. Bill.

Dutchess of Chandos Estate Bill read.

Berguer's Nat. Bill read.

Glanville's Estate Bill reported, and passed.

Bill to vary and extend the Line of the Hereford and Gloucester Canal reported.

ford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River in the said

County.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. Walker.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for empowering the Committees, or Committee, for the Time being, of the Estate of the most Noble Anna Eliza Dutchess of Chandos, a Lunatic, to make Leases of her Estate during her Lunacy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing David Berguer; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for empowering the Committees, or Committee, for the Time being, of the Estate of the most Noble Anna Eliza Dutchess of Chandos, a Lunatic, to make Leases of her Estate during her Lunacy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing David Berguer, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Francis Glan-ville, Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Mr. Walwyn reported from the Committee, to whom the' Bill to vary and extend the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Hereford to the City of " Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to " the Town of Newent, in the County of Gloucester," and to amend the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were qgreed to by the House.

Vol. 48.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vyse's Ex* for enabling Richard William Howard Vyse, an Infant change Bill Trustee, to join in making an Exchange of Part of the read*

Estate of the Most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, with Francis Ferrand Foljambe, Esquire, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Walwyn be added to the Gentle- Member men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a ad^d to bring Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and re- paving^&c. gulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, Bill, and Public Places, within such Part of the Parish of Walcot, in the County of Somerset, as is not within the Circuit, Precinct, and Jurisdiction, of the City of Bath, in the same County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and for establishing a proper and effectual Police therein, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, and Carts, within the same Part of the said Parish.

Mr. Wabayn presented to the House, according to Wulcot Pav-Order, a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, ing,&c. Bill and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Pas- PresenteJ-sages, and Public Places, within such Part of the Parish of Walcot, in the County of Somerset, as is not within the Circuit, Precinct, and Jurisdiction, of the City of Bath, in the same County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, and Carts, within the same Part of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Anderson Pelham reported from the Committee, South Kelsey to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Na- and Caistor vigable Canal from the River Ancholme, in the Parish Canal Bill of South Kelsey, in the County of , into the Pa- rePorted-

rish of Caistor, in the said County, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to $winton and whom' the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- SilkstoneCa-gable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in nal re* the Township of Sivinton, to or near the Town of

-r* . r. T1T re-commit-

Barnesley, in the Parish of Silkstoney in the West Riding ted. of the County of York, and certain Collateral Cuts branching out of the said Canal, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Sir Francis Wood, Baronet, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report w'as read.

And

Bill to authorize Justices to impose Fines on Constables, &c. reported.

Bawtry and Selby Road Bill reported

Royal Assent to Bills,

10° Mnii 3.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Sir Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to authorise Justices of the peace to impose Fines upon Constables, Overseers, and other Peace Officers, for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices, and also , to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Magistrates, was committed: That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a commodious Carriage Road from the Town of Bazvtry to the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w'ere, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that the Mortgagees shall not be entitled to Principal or Interest till the Road is certified to be in good Repair.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that Persons shall not be subject to more than One Third of the Tolls for passing through any One Turnpike, and that the Turnpikes shall not be nearer than Six Miles to each other.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message by'Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor

of Great Britain, and, several other Lords,'to declare and notify the ‘Royhi Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Hawkesbury, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent'to the said Bills: Which' Bill 'are asfollowhth; viz.

An Act to enable the Common Council yff the Towri of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, on 'Behalf-and

Account of the Corporation of the said Town, to issue Negotiable Notes, for a limited Time, and to a limited Amount:

An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making of " Bread, and to regulate the Price and Assize thereof; " and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, " Flour, or Bread," with respect to the Time within which certain Prosecutions directed by the said Act are to be brought:

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from " Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorland, to " West Houghton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and also a Navigable Branch from the " said intended Canal, at or near to or

" near War ton Cragg, and also another Navigable " Branch from, at, or near, Galemoss, by Chorley, " to or near Duxbury, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster," and also for making a Navigable Branch from the said Canal, at or near Galgale, to Glasson Dock, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act to continue the Terms of Two several Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Godmanchester, in the County of Huntingdon, through Fenstanton and Cambridge, to the First Rubbing House on Newmarket Heath, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from a Gate, commonly called Sacred Gate, on the South East Side of the Town of Hcdon, in the East Riding of the County of York, through the said Town, to Hull North Bridge, and for amending the Road from the present Turnpike Bar in Wyton Holmes, through the! Townships of Wyton and Sproatley, to the Guide Post in Flinton Lane, near Humbleton Moot' House, in the same Riding:

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing certain Roads in the County of Perth, and for making and repairing the Road from Crieff towards Stirling and Alloa, and other Roads in the said County:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Selby Ferry, in the Parish of Hemingbrough, to the Town of Market Weighton, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands, in the Parish of Greetham, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for dividing and allotting certain Open and Common Fields, Downs, and other Commonable

2 Lands

10° M

765

Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Wilts:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Five Open Common Fields, commonly called field, otherwise Pool Field, otherwise Drayton Field, the Wykc Field, the Church Field, otherwise Haughton Field, Haughton Middle Field, otherwise Patnal Field, and the Upper Field, otherwise Nedge Field, in the Parish of Idsal, otherwise Shiffhal, in the County of Salop:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Arable Meadow, Ley Pasture, and Waste Lands, lying and being within the Township of Bur-cester-King's-End, otherwise in

the Parish of Burcester, otherwise Bicester, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, Waste Grounds, and Commonable Places, within the Hamlet of Aston in the Parish of

Blewbury, in the County of Berks:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Lordship of Kirton in Lindsey, in the County of Lincoln.

Monmouth Mr; Bragge reported from the Committee, to whom Road* Bill the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, reported. Qf the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads therein mentioned leading to, through, and from the Town of Monmouth, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition from A Petition of the there-undersigned Merchants,

Romsey Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Romsey againstSouth- Infra, in the County of Southampton, and its Neigh-bour^&c r" bourhood, was presented to the House, and read; Bill,' Taking Notice of the Bill for abolishing certain Dues called Petty Customs, and for improving the Trade and Navigation of the Port of Southampton, for making a convenient Dock for the Security of Ships, for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour there, for regulating the Wharfage, and for imposing certain Duties for those Purposes, and for enabling the Corporation of the said Town to exchange certain Lands and Hereditaments; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive the Accomplishment of the Objects of the said Bill would prove injurious to the Commercial Interests of the said Town of Southampton, and its Neighbourhood, by enhancing the heavy Duties already imposed on all Articles of Trade, by which the Petitioners, amongst others interested therein, would be materially affected, without receiving any adequate Advantage: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Petition from A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Ship Owners,

Southamp- and Inhabitants of the Town of Southampton, Isle of a'ainu D* Wight, and Places adjacent, whose Names are there-pMt undersigned, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That by far the greatest Part of the Vo i, 48.

Merchants and Tradesmen of the Town of Southampton, who are unquestionably the best Judges of iheir own Interest, and who will, with others of the Petitioners, be most materially affected by the said Bill being passed into a Law, are, and have been for some Years past, entirely deprived of those Privileges, Immunities, and Advantages, originally intended them by the genuine Spirit of the Corporate Institution, by an impolitic and unjust Exclusion from any Share or Participation therein, contrary to those wise and ancient Maxims of Commercial Polity which have invariably produced the Affluence of Individuals, and the Wealth of Nations; and that the said Bill is brought into the House on the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses only of the said Town, a great Majority of whom are Persons wholly unconnected with any Kind of Trade or Commerce, and who are very incompetent to judge what will best tend to the Increase of Navigation, and Improvement of Trade, within the Town and Port of and that,

of late Years, the Promotion of Trade, and the Aggrandizement of the Merchant, the great Source of National Prosperity, has been the least Consideration of those who compose the Body Corporate of the said Town, by whose Protection and Succour they were originally designed to flourish, and, for these and the foregoing Reasons, it is seriously apprehended, that the Object of the said Bill, though colourably prefaced, cannot in Reality be intended to promote the Commercial Grandeur of the said Town, but to secure to the Members, composing the Corporation, Emoluments distinct and independent of the Interest of the Trading Inhabitants, and thereby effectually, and by the Legislative Authority, to bereave the Public of those Rights originally granted by His Majesty's Progenitors, Kings of England, for the Encouragement and Protection of Trade, to the Emporium of which the Town of Southampton, has, from its Situation, a just and natural Claim; and that it is the Opinion of the best and most experienced Navigators, that the Plan intended by the said Bill, for making a Bason for the Security of Ships at the said Port of Southampton, is chimerical and absurd, the present Harbour being the best possibly adapted by Nature for the safe Repose and Anchorage of the largest Ships coming to the Port, and which, by a very trifling Improvement, may be made to answer all the Purposes of a Bason, without any additional Burthen on Trade and Shipping: and that, besides the enormous, uncertain, unnecessary, and lasting Expence, which will be inevitably incurred by the making of such Bason, no Benefit or Advantage will be derived equivalent to the Imposts to be raised for making the same, forasmuch as Ships of considerable Burthen will not lay within the said Bason with the same Ease and Security as they now do on their natural Beds of Mud; and that the Quays and Wharfs of the said Town are not, as is pretended by the said Bill, the sole and exclusive Property of the Corporation, but the same are only holden in Trust by them for the Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants in general, and the Wharfage and Profits of the said Quays and Wharfs are appropriable not only to the Repairs of the same, but, if expedient or necessary, to their En-tension and Enlargement; and that the Corporation of the said Town have, for many Years past, received and possessed themselves of very considerable Sums of Money by their Receipts for Wharfage, sufficient to form a Fund for enlarging and improving the present Quays, and thereby to answer all the Purposes of an extensive Trade, without the Imposition of any additional Burthens; and that the Petitioners, Inhabitants of the said Town, understanding, from undeniable Testimony, that the Rents and Profits of the said Quays and Wharfs haye beep misapplied by the said

9 I Corporation,

Petition from New Sarum against Southampton Harbour, &c. Bill.

Scotch Creditors Bill transmitted to a Select Committee.

Bill for securing the

Bights of Patentees presented.

766 10° MaH. 1793.

Corporation, are preparing a Bill, in Equity, to compel them to account for the Monies received therefrom, and for a Right Application thereof, and, if the present Bill be passed into a Law, the Inhabitants will be defeated of their equitable Relief, and receive irremediable Injury; and that it is intended by the said Bill to increase the Wharfage at the said Port of Southampton so very considerably, as to exceed upon the whole, and particularly on all leading Articles, the present Wharfage and Petty Customs added together, and therefore the Merchants trading to the said Port will not receive any real or solid Advantage from the futile Pretence of the Petty Customs being given up; and that the Duties, intended to be imposed by the said Bill, are of such Magnitude, and so very burthensome and oppressive, that they will not only affect the Inhabitants of the said Town, but will materially injure all Persons exporting, importing, and landing Goods at the said Port, as likewise all Ship Owqers trading thereto, inso much that the Trade of the said Town will be greatly diminished, and the Petitioners deprived of the Benefits they now enjoy without an adequate Compensation: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, and have Leave so produce, at the Bar of the House, their Evidence in Support of the foregoing Allegations.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the City of New Sarum, concerned in the Importation and Landing of Goods at the Port of , was

likewise presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the said Bill granting to the Mayor, Recorder, and Common Council of the Town of Southampton certain Duties for enabling them to make new Docks and Piers for improving the Trade and Navigation of the said Port, contains Clauses which the Petitioners conceive will have a contrary Effect, and others repugnant to the Laws of the Land: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they msty be permitted, by themselves, or Counsel, to state their several Objections, and produce Evidence at the Bar of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the seid Bill be read a Second Time; and the Two last mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Sevennight, the 2 2d Day of this Instant May.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a Select Committee.

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Ans &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bernard presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for securing the Rights of Patentees, in certain Cases, from the Encroachments of Foreigners:

And the -san# was received; and the First Time.

Resolved, Thqt the Bill be.read,a;Spcond Time.

Ordered, That the swd Bill be rend a Sefiopd Time upon Thursday Morqing next.

Ordered, That the said Bfil he printed.

A Bid for the Encouragement of Seameq, and fqr Bill for Ku-the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy, was, according to Order, read a Second committed. T«ne.

Btyolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee <4 the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on friendly upon the Bill for the Encouragement and Relief of Societie, Bl11' Friendly Societies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself info tire said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rolle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the $ame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning neat.

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, according bhi for rais-to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole ing Money House, so whom the Bill for the more easy raising °n 'he,^.Un‘ Money upon the Hundred of Hemlingford, in the n"gford em* County of Warwick, for paying the Damages and reported. Costs incurred on Account of the late Riots within the said Hundred, than is authorized to be done by the Laws now in being, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and whi:h they had directed him to report to the House i and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with tlte Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of House re-the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning *t1.ves to

next* Monday!°

The House was moved, That the Report which, Jteport on upon the 2»st Day of March last, was made from foe Sussex Jus-Committee, to whom the Petition of His Majesty's Betlt^on Justices of foe Peace, acting in and for the County of the*Militia Sussex, met and assembled at the General Quarter Ses- referred to a sions of the Peace, held at Chichester, in and for the Committee Western Division of the said County, the 14th Day of ^^*ewho 8 January, and at Lewes, in and for the Eastern Division of foe said County, foe 17th Day of January, 1793, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of foe whole House.

Resoloed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole:

House, to consider of the said Report.

a. Ordered,

Bill for regulating the Government and Trade of India rommitted.

Bill for placing East India Annuities under the Management of the Bank, Ac. committed.

Report of Bedford Charity Bill further considered.

33*Geo. III.

TO0

W7

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for continuing in the 'Possession of the East India Company, for a further Term, the Ter-

ritorial Acquisitions and Revenues obtained in the East Indies, and for making further Provision for the Government and Security of the said Territories, and the Appropriation of the Revenues thereof, and for the further Continuance of the exclusive Trade ‘of the said Company, under certain Limitations and Restrictions, and more effectually securing the Benefits thereof, and for applying Part of the Funds of the said Company in the Reduction of their Debts, and appropriating the Residue thereof for the Benefit of the Public and of the said Company, pursuant to an Agreement made for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Ovder of the Day, for the Second Reacting of the Bill for placing the Stock, called East India Annuities, under the Management of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and ingrafting the same on the Three Pounds per Centum reduced Annuities, in Redemption of a Debt of Four Millions Two hundred Thousand Pounds owing by the Public to the East India Company, and for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money by a further Increase of their Capital Stock, to be applied in Discharge of certain Debts of the said Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Charitable " Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given " by Sir William Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his " Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of " Charity, of the Town of Bedford," and for the better Management and Disposition of the said Estates, and the Rents and Profits thereof, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

'The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that no Trustee shall be a Lessee of the Charity Estate.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, empowering the Attorney General to prosecute a Trustee for Misconduct, in the Court of Chancery, in a summary Way.

And the said'Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Vol. 48.

Committee on Bill for preventing Bribery at Stockbridge Election.

Minute* of

Evidence

referred.

Another Clause 'was 'offered to be added to the Bill, declaring that this Act aball Hot operate as an Indemnity.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of Southampton;

Ordered, That the Minutes of tire Evidence taken before the Select Committee who were appointed to try and determine the Merits of the Petition of Joseph Foster Barham and George Porter, Esquires; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Stock-bridge, in the County of Southampton, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

f Mr. Edward James j

Tellers for the Yeas, s Eliot, > 43.

[ The Lord Valletort:J

] 29.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Valletort took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Valletort reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill to continue certain Duties of Excise on Bill to con-Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a tinue certain Time to be limited, and also for continuing certain *Juties on Laws of Excise therein mentioned, was read a Second SpUi^com* Time. mitted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Tellers for the Noes

f Mr. SJohn, \ Mr. Hussey:

A Bill for further continuing and amending an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture " of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual " securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail " Cloth imported into this Kingdom," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An

Bill to continue Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Sail Cloth committed,

758

JO0 — 13° Mail.

A. 1793,

Bewicke's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Divorce Bill Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Tettd* John Bewicke, Clerk, with Mary otherwise

Mary Eliza Vaughan, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to disunite the Rectories of

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to disunite the Rectories of and Trunch, in

Gimingham ^e County of Norfolk, and Diocese of Norwich, was and Trunch read the First Time.

wad. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill to enable An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act eT °* *° ena^e L°rd Bishop of Ely to sell the Castle of the Castle of Wisbech Saint Peter's in the Isle of Ely in the County

Wisbech St. of Cambridge, and the Gardens and Appurtenances Peter's read, thereunto belonging, and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale in Manner therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Government* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday JKStf Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the India de- whole House, to consider further of the Government ferred. and Trade of India.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

ferred* Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

on Report of Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Anglesey whole House, to consider of the Report which was Petition d"- mat^e from the Committee, to whom the Petition of ferred. the Right honourable the Earl of Uxbridge, Proprietor of certain Copper and Lead Mines in the Isle of Anglesey, on Behalf of himself, and other Persons interested in the Mines in the said Island, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 13° die Maii;

Anno 33" Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1793.

Pra VERS.

Hurdlmv OIR Robert Salusbury Cotton reported from the Com-House Road, mittee, to whom the Bill for repealing so much port^Streets Live several Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of

Bill reported, the Reign of his late Majesty King the First, in

the Third, Twenty-second, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from House, through Buxton and Land Head, and

Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in the Frith, all in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and from Ardwick Green near Manchester aforesaid, and from the School House in Didsbury, in the said County of Lancaster, over Cheadle Ford, across the River Mersey, to the Bridge at Wilmslow, in the said County of Chester, as relates to the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton and Hernestone Lane Head and Sparroio Pit Gate, through Chapel in the Frith, and the Town of Stockport, to Manchester aforesaid, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the said

Road, and for widening and improving certain Street* 1

in the said Town of Stockport, was committed; That 1

the Committee had examined the Allegations of th

Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made

several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed

him to report to the House; and he read the Report

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with 1

the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Report was read. !

And the Amendments made by the Committee to i

the said Bill, as far as Clause (A.) being severally read I

a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put i

thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

1

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Smith'sTnis-Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Smith, Esquire, tees and Lord deceased, to accept a Grant of a Rent Charge or dear £"^erst'6 Annual Payment or Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be Bill com* charged upon, and paid and payable at Michaelmas in mitted. > every Year by, and out of, a Messuage, Farm, and >

Lands, of the Right honourable Jeffery Lord Amherst, in the Parish of Horley, in the County of Surrey, in Exchange for several Pieces or Parcels of Land situate, lying, and being, in Sevenoaks, in the County of Kent, inclosed from the Waste of the Manors of Sevenoaks and Knowle, or One of them, and to convey the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land to the said Jeffery Lord Amherst, and his Heirs, accordingly, was read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. Honywood, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for re-building the Iron Church of the City Glasgow of Glasgow, for opening certain Streets in the City of Churrh Bill Glasgow, for removing Obstructions in the Trongate con"mtt*<1-Street, for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street, for regulating the Weight and Measure of Coals, and the Mode of carrying Wood and Timber on the Streets of the said City, for enlarging the Gaol or Tollbooth there, and for selling Part of the High, or Gallon Green, and also the Glebes belonging to the Cures of the High ‘Church, and of the Barony Parish adjoining thereto, was read a.

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Frederick Campbell, Mr. William M'Dowall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

1 v|v

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Frodshan; Commons and Waste Lands, within the Town and and Hefei; Lordship of Frodsham, and the Township of Helsby, in the Parish of Frodsham, in the County of Chester, was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Mr. John Pitt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Weaverbm closing certain Commons or Waste Lands within the intloswtBdl Town, Manor, or Lordship of in the paMe '

County of Chester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Town,

Manor, or Lordship of Weaverham, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

Bill to vijry ^\n ingrossed Bill to varyajjd extend the Line of and extend the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed, in the Hereford l^e Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present and Gloucc?-. Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and main-ter Canal " taining a Navigable Canal from the City of -passed. " ford to the City of with a Collateral Cut

" from the same to the Town of Nezvent, in the " County of Gloucester," and to amend the said Act,

was read the Third Tjme.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to vary and extend the Line of the Canal, authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " , An Act for making and maintaining " a Navigable. Canal from the City of Hereford " to the City of Gloucewith a Collateral Cut " from the same. to the Town of Nezvent, in the " County of Gloucester," and to amend the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Market Har- Mr. Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom borough Road the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Bill reported. passecj in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, " and render more effectual,. Two Acts, passed in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the " First, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market " Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of " Leicester, and for repairing, widening, turning, and " altering the Road branching out of the aforesaid " Road at a Place called Filling Gate, to a Road " called The Foss Road, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Melton Mowbray to the " Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Quenebo- Mr Pochin reported from the Committee, to whom rough Inclo- the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open S'otted'11 fe* fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of Queneborough, in the County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and h?td also given their Consent to the changing One of the Commissioners therein named; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vol. 48.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. The Lords . Spranger: agreed

Mr. Speaker, Laws BiU8

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Landing '

Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in America; to the ranting Liberty to carry Sugars, of the Growth, Pro-uce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies* directly to Foreign Parts in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay . from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers ana Workmen employed in those Manufactures . to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining . the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer; and to revive and continue ati Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain;without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Sbotteswell. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common InclosureBili. Fields, or Common and Commonable Meadow's, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, in the Parish of Shotteswell, in the County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Warmfield Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal cum Heath from the River Colder, in the Township of tVarmfield canal Bill cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Township of Cawthorne,

,in the West Riding of the County of York, and certain Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Armley In-Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and closure Bill. Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Armley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Shipley and Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal West llallam from the Collieries at Shipley and West Hallam, in the Can 1 County of Derby, to the Eravash Canal, in the Parish of Stanton by Dale, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Langley Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain South Com* Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Bill °" Langley South Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Thomgrafton Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain £jjlosure Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called 1 Thorngrafton Common, and also certain Common Fields or Dales, and Pieces of Land, within the Township of Thorngrafton, all within the Barony or Manor of Wark, in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County of Northumberland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agrepd to the Bill, intituled, An Grindon Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common In-Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called c,08ure

q K Grindon

The Lords have passed Gartside's Estate Bill.

Trafford's Leases Bill.

Dickenson's Leases Bill.

Greene'S Leases Bill.

Odiham and Alton Road Bill committed.

Petition from Winchester against Sontbampw ton Harbour, Ac. Bill.

770 \3° Mail A. 1793.

Grinehn Cmrntrn, within the Barony or Manor of Lang-

ley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Gartsuk, Esquire, to grant and convey

the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, for Building upon, reserving Rents, or to make Building Leases, of any Part of his settled Estate, in Little Bolton, in the County of Lancaster; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Trafford, Esquire, and other Persons after his Death, to make Leases of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Humphrey Trafford, Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, for Building upon, under reserved Rents, and also to grant Leases of certain Waste Moss Lands in the Said Counties, other Parts of the said devised Estates; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to empower William Churchill Dickenson, Esquire, to grant Building Leases, renewable Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee, of and upon all or any Part of the Estates at Chortton Rose, devised by the Will of John Dickenson, Esquire, deceased, situate near the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Mary Greene, Widow, and James Greene, Esquire, her Son, and the Survivor of them, to grant and convey in Fee Farm, for the Purposes of Building, or to make Building Leases, for any Term of Years, of Messuages and Lands at -

worth, and Newton, in the County of Lancaster', to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Odiham to Alton, in the County of Southampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chute, Sir William Heathcote, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Commonalty, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for abolishing certain Dues, called Petty Customs, and for improving the Trade and Navigation of the Port of Southampton, for making a convenient Dock for the Security of Ships, for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour there, for regulating the Wharfage, and for imposing certain Duties for those Purposes, and for enabling the Corporation of the said Town to exchange certain Lands and Hereditaments; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill be passed into a Law, the Trade of the City of Winchester, and of the Towns adjacent, will be greatly injured, as the Prices of all Articles will be considerably enhanced: And therefore praying, That they may not be burthened with any Rates or Taxes on such vessels as come within the River Itchin, it having ever been a free River unconnected, and at a considerable Distance from Southampton Quay, and, as the Petitioners cannot in the least be benefited by the Alterations proposed to be made in the said Bill relating to the Town and County of the Town of Southampton, that such Part of the said Bill as relates to them may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the thCre-Undersigned Merchants, Petition from Traders, and Inhabitants of Stockbridg in the County Stockbridge of Southampton, was also presented to the House, and ®8a|nst read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and t.^itar'bour, Setting forth, That the Petitioners, amongst other &c. Bill. Traders and Persons importing Goods into the Port of Southampton, and being obliged to have the same therefrom when imported, will, if the said Bill be passed into a Law, be most heavily aggrieved by the great Enhancement of the Prices of such Goods, which must inevitably proceed from the additional Imposts intended to be made payable, at the Said Port, for Purposes which will eventually prove ruinous instead of beneficial to the Trade of the Town of Southampton and its Neighbourhood: And therefore praying, That the sard Bill.may not pass into a Law.

A Petition of the there-undersigned Merchants, Ship Petition from Owners, and Inhabitants of Lymington, in the County Lymington of Southampton, was likewise presented to the House, ®8ainst and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and B '

Setting forth, That the said Bill contains Clauses repugnant to the true Interests of Trade and Commerce, and the Purposes for which the same is really intended will, if carried into Effect, not only prove burthensome to Trade, but likewise extremely dangerous and incommodious to Shipping in general; and that, if the said Bill be passed into a Law, the Trade of Southampton will be diminished, the Prices of all Articles brought into the said Port enhanced, and the Petitioners, amongst other Traders and Persons interested therein, be heavily affected, without receiving any equivalent Benefit, or Advantage: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that they may have Leave to be heard against the same, by themselves, or their Counsel, and to produce Evidence in Support of their Allegations, at the Bar of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the last mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons Swindon In-and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Liberty of closure Bill Swindon, in the Parish of Womborne, in the County of committ(<)i Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Clmmber.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Willoughby W'hom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open on thee Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parish of Wouids in-Willottghby on the Wouids, in the County of ham, was committed; That the Committee had ex- Md°re-com-amined, and found that the Standing Orders of the mitted. House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the leaving out One of the Commissioners named in the said Bill (except the Owners of 97 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consists of 1,552 Acres, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him 9 to

to report to the Houke; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill) with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill,

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Order for re- The House was moved, That the Order, made upon <«g the 18th Day of February last, for referring the Petition sure V: the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub-

Petition to a* scribed, being Owners and Proprietors of ancient Corn-Committee mon Right Houses, and Frontsteads, Lands, and Grounds, within the Township of Knottingley, in the ordered. County of York, to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that the Expence attending the Drainage and embanking of the Lands to be divided and inclosed, was not proposed to be levied by Tolls or Duties upon the Parties interested;

Ordered, That the Order, for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Duncotnbe do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

Petition A Petition of several Participants and other Owners

vtaonTn* Lands within the Level of Hatfield Chace, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; and Keadby Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining Canal Bill, a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, at or near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal, to join the said River Dun, in the Parish of Tftome, in the said Riding; and Setting forth, That the Line of the said intended Canal leads over certain Low Grounds belonging to the Petitioners and others, and that it will tend greatly to the Benefit of the said Low Grounds, if Provision is made in the said Bill for enlarging the Soak Drains, at first intended to be made by the said Company of Proprietors on or near the Sides of the said intended Canal, and to widen any of the present Drains on the Sides thereof, to run into the said Side Drains, for the Benefit of the Lands adjoining, with such other necessary Works as shall be thought proper for the above Purposes; and that the making and widening such Side Drains, and other necessary Works as aforesaid, will not be attended with any additional Expence to the Company of Proprietors of the said Canal, who are willing and desirous to make the same, nor occasion any Alteration in the Rates and Duties to be granted by the said Bill, as it will not be necessary to make the Canal so deep as it must otherwise be in case no such Side Drains were made and widened as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill to enable the said Company of Proprietors to make and widen such Side Drains as aforesaid, and make such other necessary Works for the above Purposes, as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex*-amine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House,

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Duncombe,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

Vol. 48.

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and' have Power to send for Persons) Papers) and Records.

A Bill For dividing, inclosing, stinting, regulating,' Brotherton and otherwise improving, certain Lands and Grounds Inclosure Bill in the Parish of Brotherton, in the West Riding of tike comm, tte<L County of York, Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. PVitbtr-force, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a com- Bswtry modious Carriage Road from the Town of Bawtry to 40(1 Se,b7 the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time. P

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for making and maintaining a commodious Carriage Road from the Town of Bawtry to the Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee) to Swintonand whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- Silkstone gable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in Canal the Township of Stointon, to or near the Town of BUlreLrttd* Bamesley, in the Parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding of the County of York, and Jtertain Collateral Cuts branching out of the said Canal, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill) which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Orice read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Spe«ton In-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open closure Bill Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Town- reported, ship of Speeton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Southburn whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improving inclosure Bill the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Wastes, reported, within the Township of Southbum, in the Parish of Kirkburn, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with;

and

13° Man. 1793.

and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he Fead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wth'tfnsf^ Mr; Wilberforce presented to the House, according

Inclosure Bill to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open presented. Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, within the several Townships of H and , in the Parish of Hollym, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Townships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Knottingley Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to BUI0- Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons, seated*' and Waste Grounds and Ings, or Meadow Grounds, within the Township of Knottingley, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Penistone Lord George Cavendish presented to the Heuse, ac- Bridge, &c. Cording to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and presented. Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Penistone Bridge, in the County of York, to Gr Bridge, in the County of Derby, and the Roads severally leading from ford Woodgate, over Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide Post on Thornhill Moor, to or near the Eighth Mila Stone on Hathersage Moor, and to the Village of

went, in the said County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hcage and A Bill for repairing, widening, altering, and im-Duffield Road proving, the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, ted. commit* through Bclper, to D in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr See.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Monmouth An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Roads Bill of Two Acts, of the Twenty-eighth Year of King passed. George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Bragge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for more effectually repairing several Roads in Essex Road* the County of Essex, was read a Second Time. Bill c0,nnm*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ltd'

ston, Mr. Bullock, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an cardington Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His and Barford present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing Bridge Roail " and widening the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile |^Jl comnul‘ " Stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in the present " Turnpike Road between Hitchin and Bedford, to " Great Barford Bridge, and for continuing a Road " from thence to the Great Northern Road, near " Terns ford Bridge, in the County of Bedford,"' was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitbread, Senior, Mr. Henry Hobart, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of George William Cartwright, Peter Pas- Petition from more, Edward Davis, Edward Dare, Thomas Williams, Mr. Cart-and Edmund James, Owners and Inhabitants of Houses r* 40 in Upper Ground Street, in the Parish of Christchurch, against St. in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, George's and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making a gjjtre<t> new Street from Saint George's Road, in the Parish of &c* 1 Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, through Hollands Leagure, into and across The Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish, and for discontinuing, as a Public Highway, Part of a Street called The Upper Ground Street, in the said Parish; and Setting forth. That the making of the said new Street will not be of such Public Utility as is stated in the said Bill, and will be particularly detrimental to the private Property of several Persons, and beneficial only to the Copartnership Property of a few Individuals, upon whose Account the Petitioners are well assured the said Bill is desired to be passed into a Law; and that, in particular, the Petitioner George William Cartwright, is Owner of Two Leasehold Houses in a good and substantial State in the said Upper Ground Street, which, by the proposed Alteration of stopping up the said Street, will be much incommoded and depreciated in Value, and he is also possessed of a Copyhold Estate of Inheritance in the said Upper Ground Street, upon which he has expended nearly £.i,oooo, and the same Premisses, as they now are situate, are of considerable Value, either to retain himself and carry on his Trade and Business therein, as he now does to a considerable Extent, or to let on Lease, but the Value thereof will be much lessened, if not wholly destroyed, particularly in respect of the Trade thereof, by stopping up the said Street as intended by the said Bill, and all the Petitioners are so situated as that their Property in the said Street will be considerably prejudiced:

And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and permit the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Greene's Act to enable Mary Greene, Widow, and James Greene, Leases Bill Esquire, her Son, and the Survivor of them, to grant read-and convey in Fee Farm, for the Purposes of Building, or to make Building Leases, for any Term of Years, of Messuages and Lands at Droylsden, Fails-

worth,

13° M

773

Gartside Estate Bill read.

Traffonfs Leases Bill read.

Dickensou's Leases Bill read.

Blackbnme and Kent's Estate Bill committed.

worth, and Newton, in the County of Lancaster, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Gartside, Esquire, to grant and convey the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, for Building upon, reserving Rents, or to make Building Leases, of any Part of his settled Estate in Little Bolton, in the County of Lancaster, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Trafford, Esquire, and other Persons after his Death, to make Leases of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Humphrey Trafford, Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, for Building upon, under reserved Rents, and also to grant Leases of certain Waste Moss Lands, in the said Counties, other Parts of the said devised Estates, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower William Churchill Dickenson, Esquire, to grant Building leases, renewable Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee, of and upon all or any Part of the Estates at Chorlton Row, devised by the Will of John Dickenson, Esquire, deceased, situate near the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, Intituled, An Act for Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late of John Blackbume, Esquire, deceased, and of a Freehold and Leasehold Estate, late of Richard Kent, Esquire, deceased, and for the Application of the respective Purchase Monies, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Baker, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Glasgow and An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Garacub. Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se-ssed' cond, intituled, "An Act for repairing several Roads " leading into the City of Glasgow," and of another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvin called The Milnfoi'd of Garscube, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10. 1.4. After " Cowcaddens" to insert " any " Thing herein, or in the Acts " before recited, to the contrary " notwithstanding."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of Vo l. 48.

his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the ltCity of Glasgow," and of another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvin, called The of Gars-

cube.

Ordered, That Sir Archibald Edmonstone do carry, the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Bedford Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in- Charity Bill tituled, " An Act for enlarging the Charitable Uses, P®59**

" extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given " by Sir William Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice " his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other " Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford," and for the better Management and Disposition of the said Estates, and the Rents and Profits thereof, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. li. I.36. After " Bedford" to insert " the " Master and Usher of the Grammar School for the Time " being."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers forth, U

Tellers for th, Noes.{^; Senior,

17-

Baker:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Charitable Uses*

" extending the Objects, and regulating the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given " by Sir William Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his " Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects " of Charity, of the Town of Bedford" and for the better Management and Disposition of the said Estates, and the Rents and Profits thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Colhoun do carry thq jBjll to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Report on into further Consideration the Report which was Bill to author made from the Committee, to whom the Bill to ^z*nJU8||sc<# authorize Justices of the Peace to impose Fines upon FinesonCun-Constables, Overseers, and other Peace Officers, for stables, * , Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of Apprentices for &c- further > ill Usage of such their Apprentices, and also to make cons, dereA' Provision for the execution of Warrants of Distress, granted by Magistrates, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

9 L

And

Committee on Report of Sussex Justices Petition relating to the Militia.

reported.

Bill ordered.

Tam ham Hop Tythe Bill deferred.

Committee on Government and Trade of India*

774 13° Maii. A. 1793.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County of Sussex, met and assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Chichester, in and for the Western Division of the said County, the 14th Day of January, and at Laves, in and for the Eastern Division Of the said County, the 17th Day of 1793,

was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill, requiring and authorizing Charles Gilbert, Esquire, Treasurer of the Eastern Division, and the Reverend Francis Tutte, the legal Representative of Randolph Tutlft, deceased, late Treasurer of the Western Division of the County of Sussex, to pay certain Sums of Money received by them, the said Treasurers, or either of them, on Account of the not raising the Militia of the said County, into the Public Stocks of the said Divisions, to be applied as therein is directed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And Mr. Steele moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, requiring and authorizing Charles Gilbert, Esquire, Treasurer of the Eastern Division, and the Reverend Francis Tutte, the legal Representative of Randolph Tutte, deceased, late Treasurer of the Western Division of the County of Sussex, to pay certain Sums of Money received by them the said Treasurers, or either of them, on Account of the not raising the Militia of the said County, into the Public Stocks of the said Divisions, to be applied as therein is directed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr.

Steele, Mr. Aldridge, and Mr. Sargent, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, apon the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops, planted in Fields in the Parish of Farnham, in the County of Surrey, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Government and Trade of India be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy took the Chair of the Commitee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bilt ,or upon the Bill for placing the Stock, called East India Annuities, under the Management of ther Governor and nuities under Company of the Bank of England, and ingrafting the the Mauage-same on the Three Pounds per Centum Reduced An- ent of tl,e nuities, in Redemption of a Debt of Four Millions Two Bank>&c-hundred Thousand Pounds owing by the Public to the East India Company, and for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money by a further Increase of their Capital Stock, to be applied in Discharge of certain Debts of the said Company, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing in the Possession of the the t'.overo-East India Company, for a further Term, the Territorial ment and Acquisitions and Revenues obtained in the East , Trade and for making further Provision for the GovernmentIn a‘ and Security of the said Territories, and the Appropriation of the Revenues thereof, and for the further Continuance of the exclusive Trade of the said Company, under certain Limitations and Restrictions, and more effectually securing the Benefits thereof, and for applying Part of the Funds of the said Company in the Reduction of their Debts, and appropriating the Residue thereof for the Benefit of the Public, and of the said Company, pursuant to an Agreement made for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Bill to amend from the Committee of the whole Rouse, to whom the Act relative Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Se- J? Publica-venth and Eighth Years of King William the Third, t!ccs°of TW-intituled, "An Act for the further regulating Elec- and Place ..i " tions of Members to serve in Parliament, and for Elections rethe preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and Ported> an<i " other Officers in the electing and returning such ted?0 *

" Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That several other 12 Amendments

13° — 14°

'T75

Amendments are necessary to "be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Friendly So- The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the cieties Bill Report from the Committee of the whole House, to dtferrtd' whom the Bill for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Dill to a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill tocon-b^m Dutie^* t'011® certain Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits im-»n Foreign ported into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, Spirits. and also for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Wine Draw- An ingrossed Bill to allow the Drawback of the back,&c. Bill Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers, on board Ships of War in actual Service, and to allow such Ships to be supplied with Tobacco Duty free, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers, on board Ships of War in actual Service, and to allow such Ships to be supplied with Tobacco Duty free.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Bill to a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continue Act further continuing and amending an Act, made in the raging the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Manufacture George the Second, intituled, "An Act for further en-of Sail Cloth. " couraging and regulating the Manufacture of British " Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the " Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported w into this Kingdom."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Committee next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, of

to consider of the Report which was made from the copper Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honour- Mines Peti-able the Earl of Uxbridge, Proprietor of certain Copper tion deferred, and Lead Mines in the Isle of Anglesey, on behalf of himself, and other Persons interested in the Mines in the said Island, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ways and Means deferred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Yol. 48.

Martis, 14* dieMaii

Anno 33° Georgii III'" Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, shortening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Maidstone Road from Wren's Cross, in the Town of Maidstone, and Ashford in the County of Kent, through the West or Lower Road Bill Harrietsham Street, by Harrietskam Church, and through pai#e<1' Lenham and Charing, to Barrow Hill, in Ashford, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 14. After " Weekes," to insert " Sir " Charles Middleton, Baronet,

" William Radley, James Allen " Gorse, Clerk, Francis Norwood,

" Samuel Flint, Thomas Flint,

Samuel Flint, Junior, Aylmer Bkchynden, John Thurston, Collett "Mawhood, John

*" George Robinson, John Bourne,

" Stephen Toumay, John " John Bennet Horton, John Sponge,

" James Gardner, Robert Rugg,

" Richard Sa Clement Taylor, " John Taylor, Philip Corrall, Ro-0 bert Edmeeds, Edward Pine, Thomas Pine, Thomas Andrews, T.

" A. Douce, Waller Prentis, James " Smyth, Richard Day, Roberl " Day, John Pett, William Post,

" Squier Bath, George Burr, Willshire Emmett, Charles Cottam " Milner, George Burville, Clerk,

" John Burville, John Stone,

" Charles Corrall, Philip Corrall,

" Arnold Carter, John Rosse, Maurice Lloyd, Clerk, Thomas " ton, John Homewood, William " Archer, Phineas Pett, Clerk,

" John Holah, John Elvy, John " Elvy, Junior, Richard Hollo-u way, William Hawkins, George " Post, William Horne, Junior,

" Thomas Pope, Charles Beaumont,

" Richard Peak, Argles Bishop,

" Henry Hawley, Robert " Clerk, John Harrison, Robert " Stone, Edward John

" Bowles, John Wise, Samuel " Chambers, Thomas Robert Hollingworth, and Thomas Haw*

" kins."

Pr. 6. 1. 39. To leave out "said;" after "Town" to insert " and Parish;" and after " Maidstone" to insert " aforesaid."

Pr. 19. 1. 6. At the End of the Line, to add " the Boxley Side of the Bridge,

" across

Jpstrich Paving BL passed*

14° Mali.

A. 1793.

across the Stream at the Bottom of the Lane leading out " of the Road called Mote " Road to."

l?r. 36. 1. 7. After " Town " to insert " and

" Parish."

Pr. 43. 1. 17. After " Town " to insert " and " Parish."

Pr. 49. 1.22. After " Town " to insert " and

" Parish."

Pr. 55. 1. 18. After " Town" to insert " and

" Parish."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, shortening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from

Wren's Cross, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, through the West or Lower Harriet-sham Street, by Harrietsham Church, and through Lenham and Charing, to Barrow Hill, in Ashford, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Knatchbull do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Town of , in the County of Suffolk, and for removing, and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that the Owners of Houses should pay Two Thirds, and the Occupiers One Third, of the Rates.

And the said Clause was brought up, and read Twice, with Blanks.

And the said Clause being to impose a larger Rate on the Occupiers, than was directed by the Bill;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Rous took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir John Rous accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amenements, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was amended, and read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 23. 1. 21. After " Tenants," to insert " or " Occupiers."

1'. 26. To leave out " the Hamlets," and insert " those Parts of the Ham-

1. 40.

" lets thereof which are or have " been usually rated or assessed " to the Relief of the Poor of " the said Town, or any Part"

" instead thereof.

After " Town*' to insert " and Borough."

Pr. 25. 1. 7. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " And," 1. ult

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, lighting cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroach* ments. Obstructions, and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Bunbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committeet to Masham

whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Part of the ("closure Moors and Wastes within the Manor of Masham and B repor Mashamshire, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills, of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 1. 19 s. 11 d.per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owner of an Estate assessed at £. 6. os. 4 d. who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and also, except the Owners of Estates assessed at £2. 2 s. 6 d. who were not applied to; and also, except One Person, assessed at 14 s.6 i d. who could not be met with; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at £. 276. 3 s.8 id.per Annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Docheas of for empowering the Committees, or Committee, for Chando* E*-the Time being of the Estate of the most Noble Anna Eliza Duchess of Chandos, a Lunatic, to make Leases m> of her Estate during her Lunacy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Garnon, the Earl of Carysfort, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to Willoogbby whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open on the Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parish of Y°uWs ,n' Willoughby on the Woulds, in the County of Nottingham, committed was re-committed; That the Committee had made Bill reported, several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout;

and

Petition against the Bill for limiting, Ac. Tolls imposed by Acts for making Navigable Canals.

Bewicke's Divorce Bill committed.

Bill to disunite the Rectories of Gimingham and Tronch committed.

Adjourntd Consideration of Report on Hurdlow House Road and Stockport Streets Bill resumed

777

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Union Canal, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for limiting, regulating, atod applying, the Produce of the Tolls imposed by Acts of Parliament for making Navigable Canals and Aqueducts; and Setting forth, That, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioners conceive that it would greatly depreciate the Property in Navigations in general, the Shares in some of which have been sold at very high Prices, the Parties presuming that the Tonnages heretofore given by Act of Parliament would not be varied or reduced, and that, in consequence of the said Bill, many deserving Men would sustain great Losses, which they could by no Means have avoided but by reposing less Confidence in Acts of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend John

Bewicke, Clerk, with Mary Elizabeth, otherwise Mary Eliza Vaughan, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 24th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to disunite the Rectories of Gimingham and Trunch, in the County of Norfolk, and Diocese of was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. chin, Sir Charles Bunbury, Ac.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Bill for repealing so much of Five several Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, in the Third, Twenty-second, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty ' King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hurdlow House, through Burton and Heme-stone Lane Head, and Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in the Frith, all in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and from Ardwick Green, near Manchester aforesaid, and from the School House in Didsbury, in the said County of Lancaster, over Cheadle Ford, across the River Mersey, to the Bridge at Wilmslow in the said County of Chester, as relates to the Road from Hurdlow House through Burton and Hei'nestone Lane Head and Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel the Frith, and the Town of Stockport, to Manchester aforesaid, and for making Yro l.48.

more effectual Provision for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the said Road, and for widening and improving certain Streets in the said Town of Stockport, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of Five Ardwick several Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign Green, and of his late Majesty King George the First, in the Third, Twenty-second, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign passed, of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hurdbw House, through Burton and Hernestone Lane Head, and Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in the Frith, all in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester in the County of Lancaster, and from Ardwick Green, near Manchester aforesaid, and from the School House in Didsbury, in the said County of Lancaster, over Cheadle Ford, across the River Mersey, to the Bridge at Wilmslow, in the said County o.f Chester, as relates to the Road from Ardwick Green, by Didsbury School House, to the Bridge at Wilmslow aforesaid, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the said Road, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the Road from Ardwick Green, near Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to the New Bridge at the Com Mills at Wilmslow, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a swinton and Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, Silkstone in the Township of Swinton, to or near the Town of Canal Bill Barnes ley, in the Parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding pa88e<*' of the County of York, and certain Collateral Cuts branching out of the said Canal, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in the Township of Swinton, to or near the Town of Barnesley, in the Parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding of the County of York, and certain Collateral Cuts branching out of the said Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Additional whom the Petition of several Participants, and other Petition to Owners of Lands, within the Level of Hatfield Chace, ^'^db and Parts adjacent, was referred; That the Committee Cana^ Bill had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had reported, directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

John Tompson, an Engineer, said, That the Line of the intended Stainforth Canal runs along certain Low Grounds, and that in order to prevent injuring the said Grounds by reason of making the said Canal, it will be necessary in- some Places to make new Drains,

9 M and

Berguer's Nat. Bill committed.

Bill for raising Money on the Hundred of Hem-lingford passed.

Debate on Motion fur 3d Reading of Bill to authorise Justices to impose Fines on Constables, &c. adjourned.

Bill for remedying Inconveniencies in the Courts in Wales, lc. c. presented.

14° Mail A. 1793.

and to widen some of the present Drains on the Sides of the Canal, to carry off the Water that may ooze or soak through the Banks of the Canal; and that the executing the said Works will be attended with no additional Expence to the Subscribers to the Undertaking, and will not require any Increase in the Rates of Tonnage, as it will not be necessary to make the Canal so deep by several Feet if the said Drains are made and widened, as it would otherwise be.

Mr. George Broadrick being examined, said, That the Subscribers to the Undertaking are consenting to make and widen such Drains, and also to make such other Works as may be necessary for the Protection of the adjoining Grounds, and to support and maintain the same at their own Expence.

And the said Mr. Broadrick, and Samuel Dunn, Esquire, informed your Committee, That all the Owners of the Lands where these Drains and Works are proposed to be made, are consenting thereto.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee. to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut at or near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dun, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding, is committed, That they. have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, for making and maintaining such Drains and other Works upon the Sides of the said Canal, as may be necessary for preserving the adjoining Lands from Injury, by Means of making the said Canal.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing David Berguer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baker, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy raising Money upon the Hundred of Hemlingford, in the County of Warwick, for paying the Damages and Costs incurred on Account of the late Riots within the said Hundred, than is authorized to be done by the Laws now in being, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy raising Money upon the Hundred of Hemlingford, in the County of Warwick, for paying the Damages and Costs incurred on Account of the late Riots within the said Hundred, than is authorized to be done by the Laws now in being.

Ordered, That Sir George Augustus William Shuck-burgh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill to authorize Justices of the Peace to impose Fines upon Constables, Overseers, and other Peace Officers, for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices, and also to make Provision for the execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Magistrates, be now read the Third Time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for remedying Inconveniencies attending certain Proceedings in the Courts of Great Session in Wales, and in the Counties Palatine of Chester,

Durham, and Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith, from the Million Bank Society, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Property of the Million Bank Society, specifying the Amount of the Capital Sums in the Public Funds, and other Securities, and the Amount of the Money now in their own Hands, and in the Hands of their Banker; also, an Account of the Amount of the Dividends unpaid, exclusive of the Dividends for the Half Year ending the 5th Day of April last: And also,

A List of the Names of the Directors of the Million Bank Society, and the Amount of the several Sums of the Capital Stock, standing in their Names, and also, the respective Dates of their first purchasing or becoming Proprietors in the said Capital: And also,

An Account of the Transactions of the Million Bank Society, in the Grant, Purchasing, and Sale of Annuities, See.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and List were, read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and List do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and List be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and List are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Beaufoy, according to Order, reported from the'

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Government and Trade of India, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed*; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is the peculiar and bounden Duty of the Legislature to promote, by all just and prudent Means, the Interests and Happiness of the Inhabitants of the British Dominions in India; and that, for these Ends, such Measures ought to be adopted as may gradually tend to their Advancement in useful Knowledge, and to their Religious and Moral Improvement.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That sufficient Means of Religious Worship and Instruction be provided for all Persons of the Protestant Communion, in the Service, or under the Protection of the East India Company in Asia, proper Ministers being, from Time to Time, sent out from Great Britain for those Purposes; and that a Chaplain be maintained on board every Ship of Seven hundred Tons Burthen, and upwards, in the East India Company's Employ; and, moreover, that no such Ministers, or Chaplains, shall be sent out or appointed until they shall first have been approved of by the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Bishop of London, for the Time being.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Importation 0 " and

Accounts relating to the Million Bank Society presented.

Report Resolutions on Government and Trade of India,

Corn Act to be considered.

Order for going into Committee on Bill for regulating the Government and Trade of India read.

Instruction to Committee on D° Bill.

Petition from Traders in Woollens of tfce Devonshire and Exeter Fabrics respecting D° Bill.

" and Exportation of Com, and the Payment of the " Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty " on British Corn exported," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing in the Possession of the East India Company, for a further Term, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues obtained in the East Indies, and for making further Provision for the Government and Security of the said Territories, and the Appropriation of the Revenues thereof, and for the further Continuance of the exclusive Trade of the said Company, under certain Limitations and Restrictions, and more effectually securing the Benefits thereof, and for applying Part of the Funds of the said Company in the Reduction of their Debts, and appropriating the Residue thereof for the Benefit of the Public and of the said Company, pursuant to an Agreement made for that Purpose, be uow read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for preventing any illicit or clandestine Trade to or from the East Indies, or other Parts within the Limits of the Exclusive Charter of the East India Company; and for extending the Admiralty Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, in Bengal, to Crimes and Offences committed on the High Seas at large; and for increasing the Number of Justices of the Peace in and to make Provision for repairing and cleansing the Streets of Calcutta, Madras, and Bom; and to extend the Laws of England for retailing Spirituous Liquors to those Settlements.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Fullers, Dyers, Pressers, and others, concerned in the Preparation and finishing of Woollens of the Devonshire and Exeter Fabrics, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the principal Article of Devonshire Manufactory is Long Ells, distinguished by a Variety of Denominations; that the Annual Exports of the said Article to China, through thd East India Company, have increased in a few Years, from an inconsiderable Amount, to nearly £. 400,000, and the Directors represent the Consumption to be still progressive: That this increased Demand of the East India Company for Long Ells (a Fabric peculiar to Devonshire) has so enhanced the Price of the Article at Home, that the Countries of Europe, whither it has usually been exported, either substitute other Articles in its stead, or obtain a Supply of the same from their own Fabrics on bettor Terms than England can now furnish it: That this is particularly the Case with regard to Spain, hitherto the principal Mart for Long Ells; the Manufactories of that Country, especially those of Guadalajara and St. Fernando, have supplanted, in great Measure, those of Devonshire since the Exports to China have so astonishingly increased, and a similar Effect is prevailing in Germany from the same Cause: That the East India Company procures this Article, in the Raw State, through the Factors resident in London, where it is prepared, dyed, and finished, and consequently that the Labour arising from these Processes, which amounts to about a Fifth Part of the entire Value of the Article, is lost to the Establishments of Exeter and other Towns of Devonshire, which have hitherto been

supported by those Processes of Preparation exercised on the Long Ells exported from thence to every Part of Europe: That the Merchants, Traders, Dyers, Pressers, Packers, and Workmen, of Exetcj',. and such other Places of Devon, w hose Industry consists . Vol. 48.

in the Preparation, dying, pressing, and Exportation of Long Ells, derive no Advantage directly or indirectly from the China Trade, the Merchants being restrained, by the exclusive Privilege of the Company, from Access to the Markets of China, and the Dyers, Pressers, Finishers, Packers, and Workmen of every Description, being equally deprived, by the prevailing System of purchasing the Long Ells through Factors in London, and preparing them there, of any Employment or Advantage whatever from the Exports of the Company: That the Consequences of this System are, 1st, an Exchange of European Markets near Home, of free Access, and familiar to the Traders, for the remote Markets of China, which are said to be so precarious, that the chief Argument advanced for confining the Trade to a Company is the Danger of Offence, from the Approach of Individuals, to the capricious Government of that Empire; 2dly, a Removal from Devonshire to London of the Industry derived from the Preparation of Long Ells, hitherto the chief Support of Exeter, and other Towns of the County, in Establishments for which Branch of Industry immense Fortunes are embarked, and from the Employment of which the Bread of a most numerous Body of Labourers is derived; and 3dly, the accustomed Trade of the Merchants of Exeter, is transferred to the East India Company, and their Shipping, hitherto employed in transporting the Fabrics of-Devon to the Countries of Europe, is deprived of Employ: That the Petitioners, though unable, after the maturest Investigation of the Arguments adduced in Defence of the Measure, to comprehend the Necessity or the Expediency of confining the China Trade to an exclusive Company, do not presume, under the present Circumstances, to solicit the Change of a System which apparently meets the Concurrence of Parliament, but they hope the Wisdom and Humanity of Parliament-will be equally interested in favouring their Application for preserving a Part, at least, of the Employment on which their Support, and that of a most numerous Body of Workmen, already without Labour, depends, and which their Situation and Resources enable them to perform with great Advantage to the Company itself: That the Petitioners are the more urgent in their Claim from the Circumstance, that, being confined by their local Situation to the few Objects which form the immediate Commerce of their District, no Resource w'ill remain if their Application fail: That no Injury can accrue to London from a Compliance with the Petitioners Request, since the Woollen Export to China is a Trade of very recent Acquisition to that Metropolis, where an Infinity of Objects is ever at Hand to employ the Talents and Capitals of the industrious: That the Rate of Labour, the Supply of Water, the Compactness' of the Establishments for preparing, dying, and finishing Woollens, the Vicinity to the Fabrics, and a Variety of other Causes, afford to the City of Exeter such Advantages over that of London in the Preparation of Long Ells, as to enable the Petitioners to serve the Company with the Article in a finished State at least as well as they are now served, and with more Oeconomy. — On these Grounds the Petitioners pray, That such Provisions be made in the New Charter, as to the House shall appear expedient, for conveying to the Petitioners the Right of supplying the East India Company, during the Term of their Charter, with a certain Portion, at least, of their Long Ells for China in a finished State, provided the Supply be made by the Petitioners in as perfect a Manner, and on as advantageous Terms, as the Company at present procures them through the existing System, and that such Arrangements be made for giving Effect to the Measure as may meet the Approbation of Parliament, and of the Directors of the East India Company, to whom the Petitioners are prepared . to submit Propositions for that Purpose:

That

T80

14° Mail A. 1793.

Committee on Bill for regulating the Government and Trade of India.

Committee on Bill to regulate the Transfer of Shares in Undertakings for making Navigable Canals, &c.

That the Petitioners disclaim die Attempt of injuring the various Classes of Traders accustomed to prepare the Long Ells in London; that Trade, as has already been stated, is of recent Acquisition to London, it has been removed thither from Devo not by a fair Competition, but by the exclusive System under which it is deemed expedient to conduct the China Trade: The Petitioners only solicit a Part of the Business; and that Part only on the Ground of serving the Company at least as well, or at least as advantageously, as they are served in London: That the Petitioners have the Means of so serving the Company is evinced by the Circumstance that all the Consumers of the World, who have the Choice of the Two Markets, London and Exeter, for the Purchase of Long Ells, in the finished State, almost exclusively prefer Exeter, and that the Countries beyond the Cape of Good Hope, where the Consumers have not the Choice, are alone supplied with Long Ells prepared and finished in London: That the Petitioners are aware of the Objection, that their Prayer relates to an internal Regulation of the Company's Trade; and their Reply is, that they can substantiate the Grievance, and establish their Assertions, by incontrovertible Facts: That they have in vain solicited the Company for Relief; and that no Resource is left but to throw themselves on the Wisdom and Justice of Parliament, for procuring such Arrangements with the Directors as may preserve, in some Degree at least, their Fortunes and their Trade, preclude the Necessity of emigrating in Quest of new Employment, and save their Workmen and Artizans from becoming Pensioners of the Poors Rate, or Victims to Famine.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. *

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate the Transfer of Shares in all Undertakings for making Navigable Canals, and to prohibit the Transfer of Subscriptions to such intended Canals for a certain Time after such Subscriptions shall have been made.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rolle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Bill for limit- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ing, &e.Pro- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

imposed 'by'3 upon the Bnl for regulating, and applying

Acts for J the Produce of the Tolls imposed by Acts of Par-making Na- liament for making Navigable Canals and Aque-vigable Ca- ducts;

r 3 Month*. Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

It passed in the Negative.

' Resoloed, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Rolle, according to Order, reported from the Friendly So-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for cieties Bill the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies, rePorted-was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 22d Day of this Instant May, if the said Bill shall be then in-

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves;

And the Question being put, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {Mr'

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. John Smyth: fMr. Carol home, [Mr. Dent:

4i.

34-

Motion for Bill for abolishing the Trade for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves, to be considered in a Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to limit and regulate the Importation of Slaves into the British Colonies, for a Time therein to be specified;

And the Question being put, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Quest. Neg. for referring to a Committee Motion for Bill to limit the Importation of Slaves into the British Colonies.

Tellers for the Yeas, {& ;} «.

Tellers for the Noes, {m,.' } 35-

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Bill for En-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole couragement House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Sea- of Seamen men, and for the better and more effectually manning deferred* His Majesty's Navy.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill for pre-the whole House, to whom the Bill for the preventing venting Bri-of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Mem- ^tr>'®l., bers to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Stock- Ejection de-bridge, in the County of Southampton, was committed, ferred. be received upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Billtocon-the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue certain tinue certain Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits imported into Fore'ignSpi-this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, and also for rits deferred, continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill to con-the whole House, to whom the Bill for further conti- tinue Act for nuing and amending an Act, made in the Ninth Year the°Manu-8 of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- facture of cond, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging Sail Cloth " and regulating the Mauufacture of British Sail deferred-

" Cloth

Newnham's Estate Bill committed.

Shrewsbury and Shrey-hill, &c. Roads Bill riported.

Masbam Inclosure Bill passed.

Kelso and Selkirk Roads Bill reported.

33 Geo. III. 15° Mail 781

" Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the " Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported " into this Kingdom," was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 15* Mail;

Aiyio 33* Georgii IIIta Regis, 1793. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham, Esquire, in John Trayton Fuller, Esquire, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet* this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hill reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and Twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to and

other Roads, in the County of Salop; and for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Shrewsbury to Ellesmere, through and Berwick, to Atcham, in the said County. was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the . Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing Part of the Moors and Wastes within the Manor of Masham and Mashamshire, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of the Moors and Wastes within the Manor of Masham and Mashamshire, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Douglas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening that Part of the Road, leading from Kelso towards the Town of Selkirk, which lies to the Eastward of the Turnpike Road leading from Jedburgh to Lauder, which crosses the River Teviot near to the Town of Kelso, and the Road leading from Kelso towards Coldstream, to the Place where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Greenlaw to Coldstream, and from Kelso, through Ednam, to Orange Lane, in the Parish of Eccles, in the Vox.. 48.

County of Berwick, and from Ednam to Edenfoot; and from Kelso to Cornhill, in the County of Durham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to incorporate certain Persons, therein to be named, a Society for the Grant, Purchase, and Sale of Annuities for Lives, or for Terms of Years, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River in the Parish of South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, into the Parish of Caistor, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Ancholme, in the Parish of South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, into the Parish of Caistor, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Harris, on do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself, into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Martin, Esquire, with Elizabeth Vesey, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next.

s

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for completing, repairing, and maintaining, the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Port Dundas, and from Port Dundas to the High Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Garscube Bridge, by Dob-bie's Loan, in the County of Lanerk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and improving, certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak in Wjrsley, and Duxbury Stocks, and also

9 N the

Million Bank Bill put off for 3 Months.

South Kelsey and Caistor Canal Bill passed.

Committee on Martin's Divorce Bill.

The Lords have agreed to

Glasgow and Port Dundas Road Bill.

Salford, Warrington, &c. Roads Bill, with Amendments.

Committee on Corn Act.

Committee on Duties on Coals brought Coastwise into Scotland.

Instruction relative to Spirits.

Debate on Motion foran AcMress for the Institution of a Board of Agriculture, adjourned.

m

1 S' Mail A. 1793.

the Roa\f froVrf i Fl&ce csflled South Sea, inf to Agectdft Bridge, and from thence, thfough Hitton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also from Ageetoft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the' Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House td resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year1 of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation " of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign " Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn u exported," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, reSofve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties on Coals brought Coastwise into any Port in Scotland.

Ordered, That it be ah Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Laws relative to the distilling, rectifying, compounding, vending, and retailing of British Spirits in Scotland.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported front the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to feport, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty1, entreating, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to take into His Royal Consideration the Advantages which might be derived, by the Public, from the Establishment of a Board of Agriculture and Internal Improvement:

Humbly representing to His Majesty, that, though in some particular Districts improved Methods df cultivating the Soil are practised, yet that, in the greatest Part of these Kingdoms, the Principles of Agriculture are not yet sufficiently understood, nor are the Implements of Husbandry, or the Stock of the Farmer, brought to that Perfection of which they are capable:

That HiS faithful Corntftoris are persuaded, if such ah Institution were to take place, that such Enquiries might be made into the internal State of the Country, arid a Spirit of Improvement so effectually encouraged, aS must naturally tend to produce tnany important National Benefits, the Attainment of which His Majesty has ever shewn a riiost Gracious Disposition to promote; and, in particular, that such a Measure might be the Means of 'uniting a judicious System of

Husbandry to the' Advantages* of domestic manufacturing Industry, and the Benefits of Foreign Commerce, and consequently, of establishing, on the surest and best Foundations, the Prosperity of His Kingdoms:

And, if His Majesty shall be1 graciously pleased to direct the Institution of such a Board, for a limited Time, to assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will chearfully defray any Expence attending the same, to the Amount of a Sum not exceeding £. 3,000 per Annum;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the se-<f veral Duties of Customs and Excise, and for granting " other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the ce said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; " and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of An-' " nuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National " Debt," might be read.

And the same being read Accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, and the Duties and Drawbacks on the Importation' and Exportation of Virginal Wire of Brass.

So much of Consolidation Act as relates to Duties and Drawbacks oof Figs, and" Brass Wire, to be considered.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Bill to con-Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present tinue Act for Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High farmin6t'u‘ " Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for j^rses,

" the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted dered. '

c by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for " travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as " should be willing to contract for the same," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly;

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to Continue, for a limited " Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year " of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Comrrtissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to " let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made " in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, Oh Horses let to Hire for travelling Post,

" and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing " to contract for the same," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing the said Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Charles Long, and Mh Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

The House was moved, That the Ofdet*, made Southampton upon Friday last, for reading a Second Time, upon Harbour,&c. this Day Sevennight, the Bill for abolishing certain Dues, called Petty Customs, and for improving the °r3 °n Trade and Navigation of the Port of Southampton, for making A convenient Dock for the Security of Ships, for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour there,

5 for

for regulating the Wharfage, and for imposing certain Duties for those Purposes, and for enabling the Corpo- ration of the said Town to exchange certain Lands and Hereditaments, might be read!.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Dhy Three Months.

Famham The Older of the Day being read, for the House to m"deferred reso^ve itseK into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops, planted in Fields in the Parish of Famham, in the County of Surrey.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 24th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to cou- Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported tmue Act for from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the°Manu-8 t^)e Bill for further continuing and amending an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late

facture of Sail Cloth reported.

Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act <c for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign te Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill to con- Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported DotieToif*11 from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Foreign Spi- the Bill to continue certain Duties of Excise on Fonts reported, reign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a Time to be limited, and also for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Walcot Pav- A Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, ing, fiic. Bill anci regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, cuiumitted. passageSj and Public Places, within such Part of the Parish of JValcot, in the County of Somerset, as is not within the Circuit, Precinct, and Jurisdiction of the City of Bath, in the same County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, and Carts, within the same Part of the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, the Lord Bayham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Bill for plac- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of ing East In- ^ie whole House, to whom the Bill for placing the uodern?iietie8 Stock, called East India Annuities, under the Ma-Vol. 48.

nagement of the Governor, and Company of the Bank Management of England, and ingrafting the same on the Three the Bank, Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, in Redemp- &c-d«ferred-tion of a Debt of Four Millions Two hundred Thousand Pounds owing by the Public to the East India Company, and for enabling the said1 Company to raise a Sum of Money by a further Inorease of their Capital Stock, to be applied in Dischatge of certain Debts of the said Company, was committed, be received To? morrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se- Bill to amend vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and tion of n-amend an Act, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years ticesofTime of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the *,ld Blace of " further regulating Elections of Members to serve in e‘

" Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and returning such Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^lealJs de‘ House, to consider further of Ways and Means for ferre ' raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 16* die Maii;

Anno 33® Georgii III. U Regis, 1793.

Praveks.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Trial of Mr.

Articles of Impeachment against Warren - Hastings. ings, Esquire, being come. from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

Ordered, That Mr. Harrison do make the Report Sevenoakes, from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging Tunbridge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth el's» Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, re^,*e(/

" An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering " more effectual, 90 much of Three Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from Sevenoakes, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, to Lamberhursl " Pound and Pullen's Ilill, in the County of Kent, and " to Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex', as relates " to the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common to " Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross,

" in the said County of Kent," so far as the said Act relates to the Road from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Tunbridge Weds to Woodsgate aforesaid, was committed.

Mr. Harrison accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,-with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, ^ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr.

784

16° M

A. 1793.

Slawst*n In- Mr. Pockin reported from the Committee, to whom

-rmtrrtH *U for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com-

8 ' mon Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other

Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Slawston, in the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 72 Acres of Land, who refused to consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consists of 1,415 Acres, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Worcester Ordered, That Mr. Pockin do make the Report from and Droit- the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually

Bill reported amending ai'd keeping in Repair the Roads leading ' from the City of Worcester to Bridge, and from a Place called The Chapel on the Bridge, in the Borough of Droitwich, to Bradley Brook, and from Woolmore Green to the Worcester Turnpike Road at Park Hall, and from Droitwich to Fleet, and from a Place called Netherwich Bridge to Low Hill, and from the Bottom of Red Hill, in the Parish of into the Turnpike Road between Worcester and Om-bersley, in the County of Worcester, and certain Lanes and Streets within or near to the City of Worcester and Borough of Droitwich aforesaid, was committed.

Mr. Pochin accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgrossed.

Member added to

Ordered, That Mr. Crazefurd be added to the Gen-. . tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in,

SussexMi- a Bill, requiring and authorizing Charles Gilbert, Es-iitia Money quire, Treasurer of the Eastern Division, and the Re- Bill. verend Francis Tuttl, the legal Representative of

Randolph Tuttl, deceased, late Treasurer of the Western Division of the County of Sussex, to pay certain Sums of Money received by them, the said Treasurers, or either of them, on Account of the not raising the Militia of the said County, into the Public Stocks of the said Divisions, to be applied as therein is directed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Sussex Ma- Mr. Crawfurd presented to the House, according htia Money to Order, a Bill, requiring and authorizing Charles sented?* Gilbert, Esquire, Treasurer of the Eastern Division, and the Reverend Francis Tuttl, the legal Represen-

tative of Randolph Tuttl, deceased, late Treasurer of the Western Division of the County of Sussex, to pay certain Sums of Money received by them, the said Treasurers, or either of them, on Account of the not raising the Militia of the said County, into the Public Stocks of the said Divisions, to be applied as therein is directed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according rhir*k, Itag-to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain by, &c. In-Moor or Common called Thirsk West Moor, and Carlton

and Sandhutton Commons, in the Parish of Thirsk, in prestn the North Riding of the County of York, and several Parcels of Moor or Common Land, being Part of Bagby High Moor, lying within the several Townships of Thirsk, Bagby, and Balk, in the said Riding:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of Five Hurdlow several Acts, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign House Road, of his late Majesty King George the First, in the Third, snd s‘oclt' Twenty-second, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign £1? of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, and Hemes tone Lane Head and Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in the Frith, all in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and from Ardwick Green, near Manchester aforesaid, and from the School House in Didsbury in the said County of Lancaster, over Cheadle Ford, across the River Mersey, to the Bridge at Wilmslow, in the said County of Chester, as relates to the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, and Hernestone Lane Head and Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in the Frith, and the Town of Stockport, to Manchester aforesaid, and for making 1

more effectual Provision for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the said Road, and for widening and improving certain Streets in the said Town of Stockport, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and also the Road from Hernestone Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in le Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to the last mentioned Road at Whaley, in the said County of Chester.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concur-

'if

lb

:re-

rence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and shiwnlm altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several and Shrty Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late itu

Majesty King George the Second, and Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Preston Brock hurst, to Shawbury, -p

and to Shreyhill, and other Roads, in the County of Salop-, and for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Shrewsbury to Ellesmere, through Harlescott, Uffington, and Berwick, to Atcham, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering

and

r

it

33 Geo. III.

16° Mail

785

4

ton#

Public

fereij

Oued:

First

Time

and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from -

bury to Preston Brockhurst, to , and to hill, and other Roads, in the County of Salop', and for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Shrewsbury to E, through Harles-cott, Uffinglon, and Berwick, to Atcham, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

iflain k*

"film

pv. k\rd[ '

flail

an i

hi

h*e Hr/

son.:

Rti^a oJ in ie^y, ough mik} rbj/, s of /dad

M

Debate on Motion for 3* Reading of Bill to authorise Justices to impose Fines on Constables, &c. 5cc. resumed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Motion, made upon Tuesday last. That the ingrossed Bill to authorize Justices of the Peace to impose Fines upon Constables, Overseers, and other Peace Officers, for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices, and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Magistrates, be read the Third Time, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Motion.

And the said ingrossed Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to authorize Justices of the Peace to impose Fines upon Constables, Overseers, and other Peace Officers, for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of Apr prentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices, and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Magistrates.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

; Bill to conti- . Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to

f nut Act for Order, a Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be f jJ KW limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of Horses pre- the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act rsated. " to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners " of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm " ‘ "the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-: " fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses

" let to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to i. ‘ " such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

m

10

,t)

fl

jr-

Bit! for sc- A Bill for securing the Rights of Patentees, in cer-RMits of ta*n ^ases> ^rom t*le Encroachments of Foreigners, was, Patentees according to Order, read a Second Time, committed. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 27th Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

si:-

Ion

ii

1

l!

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of ConTollda- *° reaD*ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tion Act as* to consider of so much of an Act, made in the relates to Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Duties and Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Drawback^ of Customs and Excise, and granting other

Bras* wire. " Duties in Lieu thereof, and for applying the said " Duties, together with the other Duties composing " the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, " the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into tills Kingdom; " and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, rc-Vol. 48.

" maining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to . the Reduction of the National " Debt," as relates to the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, and the Duties and Drawbacks on the Importation and Exportation of Virginal Wire of Brass, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- on permitting sider of permitting Goods and Commodities, of the ^rt^n;^1°od3 Growth, Production, or. Manufacture of Asia, Africa, from or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be ini- Ireland, ported from thence, under certain Regulations, into Great Britain.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the reported.' said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit Goods and Commodities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Asia,

Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported from thence, under certain Regulations, into Great Britain.

And Mr. Henry Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill ordered, permit Goods and Commodities, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Asia, Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported from thence, under certain Regulations, into Great Britain:

And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Robert Hobart, Mr.

Secretary Dundas, and the Earl of Mumington, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho ford and TBeLord*

Mr. Spranger: Lave agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An St. Luke's Act for the better lighting, cleansing, watching, and lighting and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Places within the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middlesex, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the same; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Redness and Act for draining, dividing, inclosing, and improving, Swinefleet all the Moor Lands in the Townships of Redness and Pr*'Da2e antl Sxoincfeet, in the Parish of Whitgift, in the West Riding Bin°*ure of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An West India Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Tr*de Bill.

9 O Year

786

16° M

A. 1793.

Rockwardine and Shrewsbury Canal Bill*

Piercebridge Itoad Bill.

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and< Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the West Indies; and for amending so much of an Act, 'made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, at; relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships; and so much of Two Acts, made in' the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of < His Majesty, in the West Indies, from any Foreign. Colony«or Plantation

in the West Indies or South America; and so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch* Tar, and Turpentine, into Nava Scotia or New Brunswick, from any Country belonging to the United States of America; without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, > intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the North End of the Shropshire Canal, in the Township of Rookwardine Wood, in the County of Salop, to the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said' County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed' to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-first and' Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Piercebridge to Kirk Merrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End;in the same County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, the> Road from the North End of Marsh,

in Ashford, in the County of Kent, to the End of the Parish of Grlestone, near Stockbridge, in Romney Marsh, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,: i 1

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,' An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Roads from Dungl to the Town of Haddington, and from thence to Ravenshaugh Burn, in the County of Haddington, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of the said Roads, within the said County; without any Amendment: And also, - i

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ers, ami Pav- Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an uig,&c. Bill. Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for consolidating,

" extending, and rendering more effectual, the Powers " granted by several Acts of Parliament, for making,

" enlarging, amending,' and cleansing the Vaults,

" Drains, and Sewers within the City of , and

" Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and " lighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, Yards, Courts,

" Alleys, Passages, and Places, and preventing and " removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the " same;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Actj made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual, repairing, widening, and amending the Road from a Place called Earls Kill, in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Wallgate, in Wigan, both in the County of Lancaster; without any Amendment: And also,

Ashford and Stockbridge Road Bill.

Dunglass Bridge and Haddington &c. Roads Bill.

London Sew-

W arri niton

Road BiO.-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Maisemore Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common ^n'losure Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste Bl ' and other Commonable Lands, -within the Parish of Maisemore, in the County of Gloucester (except a certain Meadowr called Maisemore Haiti) and for rendering all the Lands and Tenements within the said Parish wholly exempt and discharged from Tythe, and all Modus and Composition for Tythe, by allotting Lands in Lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to' the Bill, intituled, An Cobham In-Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons, closure Bill. Heaths, and Marsh and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Cobham, otherwise Ctneham, in the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surreywithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Orston In. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable closure Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Orston and Theroton, in the Parish of Orston, in the County of without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to -the Bill, intituled, An Aldswonh Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- IaflosuM mon Fields, Downs, Common Pastures, and other B Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Aldsworth, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And also, >

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Allington In-Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable clo6"r*BllJ: Fields, and other uninclosed Lands, within the Manor or Manors of Allington, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Zemiu's Act for naturalizing Frederic Cyriac Zernitz; without Nat'Bl11, any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Scotch Ro-Act for requiring a certain Form of Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, from His Majesty's Subjects, professing the Roman Catholic Religion, in that Part of Amend-Great Britain called Scotland; with some Amendments; meQts-to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, The Lordi

The Lords have passed a Bill* intituled, An Act to Bave P3*^ enable Sir Henry Bridgeman, Baronet, and, after his SirH. Bridge-Death, other Persons, to grant Building Leases of his j?"'* settled Estates at and near Bolton in Lee Moores, in the Bl County of Lancaster, for long Terms of Years; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, . > i

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Knight's for vesting certain Estates in WiSomersetshire, Estate Bi|1' and Gloucestershire, in Trustees, to the Uses of the Will of Jacob Knight, Esquire, deceased, in Lieu of an Estate in Worcestershire, limited to such Uses by the said Will, and for vesting the Estate in Worcestershire in Warren Hastings, Esquire, in Fee Simple; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords House, That their Lordships will proceed further in will proceed the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow To",?oruw Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall. iTgs'sTrwl' And then the Messengers withdrew;

Notice being taken; That His Majesty's Interest KingYCoo-is concerned in the Bill for embanking and draining sent u>*SpaM-certain Salt Marshes and Low Lands within the several 8'Moutoo, Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, and jngand Gedney, in the County of Lincoln, and for preventing Drainage the same Marshes and Lands from being Overflowed Bl11-with the Sea; and for altering an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing " the Commons, Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and " Grounds, in the Parish of Gedney and Hamlet

" thereof,

-a in ' of

1 Pi St off LII

stu

ua

1

Co

hav

coo

thin

Cor

for

.tie

the

Ihi

ecu

Ik

Irn to the ter tie tie tie

ICC

fie

se

St'

r~

Hh

Waa, t.

33 iGio. III.

1'6° Mail.

787

u

cer.

p4.Tsf .<1 all -ands

' fr AOOj. cij

'll- ' of Sod.

i' k k

ifaiJe

'asle

P %

y thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the County of Lincoln;" Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be . fj^gn which Bill was, upon the 1st Day of this Instaqt May, ingrossed. reported from the Committee, to whom the same had

been- committed; Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reposed Report re-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it ^*c*JJ*c^j* Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, was referred. to consider of the Duties <?n Coals brought °a having-been-informed of the Purport of the said Bill, brought Coastwise into any Port in Scotland, the . Re- Coastwise gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is solutions which the Committee had directed him to into Scotland, the House may do therein as they report to the House; which he read in his Place; &c'

and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's. Table:

Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

concerned, that shall think fit.

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought Coastwise into any Port in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, do cease, determine,

In h mt

Anfc

fc'lbr,

King's Con- / Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is stntioMoul- concerned in the Bill for 'dividing and inclosing the ton Inclosur* Commonable Salt Marshes, Droves, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Lincoln; which Bill was, upon the 1st Day

of this Instant May, reported from the Committee, to and be no longer paid, whom the same'had been committed; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty!s That every Person dealing in Aqua Vita; by Retail, in Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be obliged having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, to take out an Excise Licence for that Purpose, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, concerned; that the House may do therein as they shall That a Duty of Twenty Shillings per Annum be charged think fit. upon every such Licence in the Highlands in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland.

Kings Con- Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mt to South concerned in the Bill for draining, preserving, and That a Duty of Forty Shillings per Annum be charged improving, certain Lands lying in the several Parishes upon every such Licence in all other Parts of Great of Spalding {including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Britain called Scotland, and in all Royal Burghs in that Peakilt) TVeston, Moulton, Whapload, Holbeach, Fleet, Part of the United Kingdom.

Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, otherwise Lutten, all in South Holland, in the County of That an Annual Duty of Nine Pounds per Gallon be Lincoln', which Bill was, upon the 1st Day of this In- charged upon the Contents of every Still used in dis-6tant May, reported from the Committee, to whom the tilling Worts, Wash, or Low Wines, in the Low Lands of same had been committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill,

Offl. Isriv.

lot

Holland

.la & Drainage

life**

Mr

that Part, of Great Britain called Scotland, s Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon the Contents of all Stills used for distilling Worts, Wash, or Low Wines, gives his Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is in the Highlands of that Part of Great Britain called

concerned, that the- House may do therein as they shall think fib

' nil for Mr. Beattfoy, according to Order, reported from the L iking East Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill s ultMs^undtr P^aG*nS t*ie Stock, called East India Annuities, under; «Manage- the Management of the Governor and Company of *ntof the the Bank of England, and ingrafting the same on the it an!;. Ac. Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, in Re-P''r'td‘ detnption of a Debt of Four Millions Two hundred Thousand Pounds owing by the Public to the East

Scotland, do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Annual Duty of Forty Shillings per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still used for distilling Worts, Wash, or Low Wines, in the Highlands of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Annual Duty of Nine Pounds per Gallon he charged upon the Contents of all Stills used for rectifying

India Company, and for enabling the said Company or compounding Spirits in that Part of Great Britain to raise a Sum of Money by a further Increase of called Scotland.

their Capital Stock, to be applied in Discharge of certain Debts of the said Company, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person dealing in Compound Spirits by Retail, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be obliged to take out an Excise Licence lor that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Retailers of Compound Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be subject and liable to

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question the same Licence Duties as are imposed by Law upon severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the the Jtetailers of Foreign Spirits.

House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, that nothing therein contained shall affect the Right of any Person who shall dissent from having his Share of the 2,992,440/. transferred from the India House to the Bank, but that such Right shall remain in the same State and Condition as if this Act had not been made.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Vol. 48.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person dealing in British Spirits by Wholesale, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, be obliged to take out an Excise Licence for that Purpose.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Pounds per Annum be charged upon every such Licence, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry , Mr. Secretary

1) undue.

Report on Com Act.

Motion for Bill to prevent Bribery at Elections, ^withdrawn.

Bill for regulating the Government and Trade of India deferred.

16° M

A. 1793.

Dttndat, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Coni, and the Payment of the Duty on " Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British " Corn exported," the Resolutions which the Committee bad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price of middling British Oatmeal shall be under Thirteen Shillings per Boll, there be allowed upon the Exportation thereof a Bounty of Eighteen Pence per Boll.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Price thereof shall be at or above Fourteen Shillings per Boll, the Exportation thereof shall be prohibited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Export of any Sort of Corn, with Bounty, is stopped in any one District, because the Price thereof is above' the Price at which Bounty is allowed. Corn of the same Sort should not be allowed to be carried from thence Coastwise to any other District, the Ports of which are open for the Exportation thereof with Bounty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be empowered, with the Advice of His Privy Council, to prohibit, generally, for a limited Time, the Exportation from England and Scotland respectively of any Sort of Coni, whenever the Average Price thereof, taken from the Returns of England and Scotland respectively, is at or above the Price at or above which Corn is allowed by Law to be imported from Ireland, Quebec, and the British Plantations, at the first low Duty, and in like Manner to permit, generally, the Importation, or the taking out of Warehouse, at the lowest Duties, of any Sort of Foreign Corn, whenever the Price thereof is at or above the Price At or above which Corn is allowed by Law to be imported from other Foreign Countries at the first low Duty.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Mr. Ryder do prepare and bring in, the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing in the Possession of the East India Company, for a further Term, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues obtained in the East Indies, and for making further Provision for the Government and Security of the said Territories, and the Appropriation of the Revenues thereof, and for the further Continuance of the exclusive Trade of the said Company, under certain Limitations and Restrictions, and more effectually securing the Benefits thereof, and for applying Part of the Funds

of the said Company in the Reduction of their Debts, and appropriating the Residue thereof for the Benefit of the Public and of the said Company, pursuant to an Agreement made for that Purpose, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart have Leave to Moulton make a Motion, it being after Eight of the Clock. Inclosure And he moved the House accordingly; and, Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-;

monable Salt Marshes, Droves, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, that ho Exchange shall be made of His Majesty's Lands without the Consent of the Lords of the Treasury, and of the Lessee.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be tnade to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 21. L 30. At the , End of the Line to add,

" and for altering an Act, passed " in the Thirty-first Year of the " Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marshes, Droves, Waste I

" Lands, and Grounds, in the |

" Parish of Gedney, and Hamlet " thereof, called Gedney Fen, in |

" the County of Lincoln.''

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Salt Marshes, Droves, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill „

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.;

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart have Leave to South make a Motion. Holland

And he moved the House accordingly; and,

An ingrossed Bill for draining, preserving, and im- *'*" proving, certain Lands lying in the several Parishes of 1 Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, Whapload, Holbeach, Fleet, Gedney,

Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, that no Exchange shall be made of His Majesty's Lands without the Consent of the Lords of the Treasury, and of the Lessee.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6i. I.3. After " proper," to insert "taking " such Security from the said " Treasurer as is hereinbefore " directed to be taken by the " said Commissioners of the " Treasury to be by them appointed."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands lying in the several Parishes of Spalding

s (including

‘hlr,

A

isj

r

1193.

w lo s.

(. t,

W

to the all be

at of

pOB5*

a 4

pt«

ofie ash, fc Cos-Use in et Camlet ffl,h

e-tffi e Bl

:Tt‘

C»

He

f k

ili

iu>:

33 Ge6. III.

16* — 17°

78$

(including the Hamlets vf Cowbitand Peakilf) Weston, also, into the Amount of the Receipts and Expendt-

Moulton, Whapload, HoFleet, Gedney, Sutton

Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint , otherwise Lut-

ton, all in South Holland, in the county of.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart have Leave to Moulton,'Ac. make a Motion.

Eobtnking And he moved the House accordingly; and,

BiUpaswd8* "grossed Mill for embanking and draining certain Salt Marshes and Low Lands within the several

ture, and of the State of the Trade on the said Rivers, and to report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House; That the Committee had enquired into the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, IVhaplode, Holbech, and Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as

Gedney, in the County of Lincoln, and for preventing the same Marshes and Lands from being Overflowed with the Sea; and for altering an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish of Gedney, and Hamlet

shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Mr. Thomas tVilliams reported from the Committee, Carnarvori

--- - Harbour Bill

thereof, called Gedney Fen, in the County of Lin- to whom the Bill for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, Harb°u‘‘ " coin," was read the Third Time. improving, and regulating the Harbour of Carnarvon, rep0T e

An ingrbssed Clause was offered to be added to the in the County of Carnarvon, was committed; That Bill, by Way of Ryder, That no Exchange shall be the Committee had examined the Allegations of the made of His Majesty's Lands, without the Consent of Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the — ' Committee had cone through the Bill, and made

the Lords of the Treasury, and of the Lessee And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8o. 1. 5. After " made," to insert " Provided always that such Jurisdiction, Benefit, Right, and " Advantage, so reserved, shall " not be exercised so as to impede or otherwise interfere " with the Execution of this Act." And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

gone through the Bill, and several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Thomas TVilliams reported froin the Committee, to Amlwch., whom the Bill foi* enlarging, deepening, cleansing, im- Harbour Bl11 proving and regulating the Harbour of Amlwch, iti the- ,kporte Isle of Anglesey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found thti

be. An Act for embanking and draining certain Salt same to be true; and that the Committee had gone Marshes and Low Lands within the several Parishes through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereof Spalding, Moulton, IVhaplode, Holbech, and Gedney, unto, which they had directed him to report to the

in the County of Lincoln, and for preventing the same Marshes and Lands from being Overflowed with the Sea; and for altering an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and " Grounds, in the Parish of Gedney, and Hamlet thereof, " called Gedney Fen, in the County of ."

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 17* Maii;

Anno 33* Georgii Regis, 1793.

Praters.

THE Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings,

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill; with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lords Mr. Spranger: will proceed

Mr. Speaker, w^H2-°"

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this ings's Trial. House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Friday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock* in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House to nd-House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning j<»um to next. Wednesday.

Report respecting Thames and Isis Navigation.

m 0 o . Mr. Thomas tVilliams reported from the Committee* Llanfem-s

Esquire, being come from the Trial \i\Westminster Hall-, to whom the Bill, for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

certain Common and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of r‘^0l l<.!i. Llarfferres, in the County of Denbigh, and Kilken, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had

9 P examined

Mr. Looeden reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Progress that has been made towards the Amendment and Improvement of the Navigation of the Thames and Isis, in consequence of the several Acts passed for that Purpose, and Vox.. 48.

Dickenson's Leases Bill committed.

Taddington aiidPriestcliff Inclosure Bill reported.

Willoughby on tlieWoulds Inclosure Bill passed.

190 17° M 1793.

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands of the Annual Value of 3371. 3 s. who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Lands of the Annual Value of 97/. 14$. who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Annual Value of the Lands intended to be inclosed is 3,718 /. 15s.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower William Churchill , Esquire, to

grant Building Leases, Renewable Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee, of and upon all or any Part of the Estates at Chorlton Row, devised by the Will of John Dickenson, Esquire, deceased, situate near the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Williams, Mr. Blackbume, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet of Taddington and Priesttiiff, in the Parish of and

County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and tbund that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands of the Annudl Value of 115/. 10$. or thereabouts, who refused to consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed are of the Annual Value of 1,357 /., or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parish of Willoughby on the Woulds, in the County of Nottingham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parish of Willoughby on the W(oulds, in the county of.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually amending Worcester and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from the City of Worcester to Spadesbourne Bridge, and from a Place called 1'he Chapel on the Bridge, in the Borough of Droilzvich, to Bradley Brook, and from Wooltnort Green, to the Worcester Turnpike Road at Park Hall, and from Droitwich to Holt Fleet, and from a Place

called Netherwich Bridge to Lou) and from the Bottom of Red Hill, in the Parish of into the

Turnpike Road between Worcester and in

the County of Worcester, and certain Lanes and Streets within or near to the City of Worcester, and Borough of Droitwich aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droitwich, to Spadesbourne Bri, within the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; and other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Billforren* Reading of the Bill for remedying Inconveniences at- Intending certain Proceedings io the Courts of Great tl^Counsus Session in Wales, and in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Wales, 4c. Durham, and Lancaster, be now read. committed.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commits of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Waysud to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Mean8, Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Coin-mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Ryder presented to the House, according to BiHwamMd Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first porn Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "

" An Act for regulating the Importation and Export&tion of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on " Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British " Corn exportedAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Robert Hobart presented to the House, according Bill topemit to Order, a Bill to permit Goods and Commodities, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Asia, Africa, from TreuS, or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be im- preaaiei ' ported from thence into Great Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, 'That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

02 Ordered,

r~

S3 Geo. lti.

\V Mail

/V 2

791

*-N

If

S5

r*t |

Place 111 tte ° the

Title

oihft

Sat. ireat

(/of the

0

Debate oh Motion for ah Address for the Institution of a Board of Agriculture moored.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate on foe Motion, made upon Wednesday last, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, entreating, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to take into His Royal Consideration the Advantages which might be derived, by the Public, from the Establishment of a Board of Agriculture and Internal Improvement;

Humbly representing to His Majesty, that, though in some particular Districts improved Methods of cultivating the Soil are practised, yet that, in the greatest Part of these Kingdoms, the Principles of Agriculture are not yet sufficiently understood, nor are the Implements of Husbandry, or the Stock of foe Farmer, brought to that Perfection of which they are capable:

That His faithful Commons are persuaded, if such an Institution were to take place, that such Enquiries might be made into the Internal State of the Country, and a Spirit of Improvement so effectually

" that," iashall" and

last Paragraph, and inserting the Word'1 stead thereof; by leaving out the Word inserting the Word " will" instead thereof; and by leaving out from foe W'ord " Board" to foe End of the Question, in order to insert these Words, " provided the same shall' not be attended with any £xpence to the Public," instead thereof.

And the said proposed Amendments were, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " per " Annum''

And the Question being put, That the Words " per " Annum" stand part of the Question;

It passed in the Negatived

Then the main Question, so amended, being put. Address for That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, the Institu-entreating, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to take into His Royal Consideration the Advantages Agriculture, which might be derived, by the Public, from the

encouraged, as must naturally tend to produce many Establishment of a Board of Agriculture and Internal important National Benefits, the Attainment of which Improvement:

His Majesty has ever shewn a most Gracious Disposition to promote; and, in particular, that such a Measure might be the Means of uniting a judicious System of Husbandry to the Advantages of Domestic manufacturing Industry, and the Benefits of Foreign Commerce, and consequently, of establishing, on the surest and best Foundations, the Prosperity of His Kingdoms:

And, if His Majesty shall be graciously pleased to direct the Institution of such a Board, for a limited

Humbly representing to His Majesty, that, though in some particular Districts, improved Methods of cultivating the Soil are practised, yet that, in the greatest Part of these Kingdoms, the Principles of Agriculture are not yet sufficiently understood, nor are the Implements of Husbandry, or the Stock of the Farmer, brought to that Perfection of which they are capable:

That His faithful Commons are persuaded, if such an Institution were to take place, that such Enquiries

Time, to assure His Majesty, that His faithful Com- might be made into the Internal State of the Country,

attending

mons will chearfully defray any Expence foe same, to the Amount of a Sum not exceeding 3,00o/. per Annum; be now read.

And foe said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Motion.

And the Question being again proposed, That an Husbandry to the Advantages of Domestic manufactur-humble'Address be presented to His Majesty, entreat- ing Industry, and the Benefits of Foreign Commerce, ing, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to and consequently, of establishing, on the surest and best take into His Royal Consideration the Advantages Foundations, the Prosperity of His Kingdoms: which might be derived, by the Public, from the And, if His Majesty shall be graciously pleased to Establishment of a Board of Agriculture and Internal direct the Institution of such a Board, for a limited

and a Spirit of Improvement so effectually encouraged, as must naturally tend to produce many important National Benefits, the Attainment of whidi His Majesty has ever shewn a most Gracious Disposition to promote, and, in particular, that such a Measure might be the Means of uniting a judicious System of

Improvement;

Humbly representing to His Hrjesty, that, though in some particular Districts improved Methods of cul-titating the Soil are practised, yet that, in the greatest Part of these Kingdoms, the Principles of Agriculture are not yet sufficiently understood, nor are the Implements of Husbandry, or the Stock of the Farmer, brought to that Perfection of which they are capable:

That His faithful Commons are persuaded, if such an Institution were to take place, that such Enquiries might be made into the Internal State of the Country, and a Spirit of Improvement so effectually encouraged, as must naturally tend to- produce many important National Benefits, the Attainment of which His Majesty has ever shewn a most Gracious Disposition to promote; and, in particular, that such a Measure might be the Means of uniting a judicious System of Husbandry to the Advantages of Domestic manufacturing Industry, and the Benefits of Foreign Commerce, and consequently, of establishing, on the surest and best Foundations, the Prosperity of His Kingdoms:

And, if His Majesty shall be graciously pleased to direct the Institution of such a Board, for a limited Time, to assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will chearfully defray any Expence attending the same, to the Amount of a Sum not exceeding 3,000l. per Annum;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " if" in the Vot. 48.

not exceeding

Time, to assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will chearfully defray any Expence attending the same, to the Amount of a Sum 3,000l.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

/"Sir John Sinclair,

[Mr.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, j^-r' ^fusseH'

1101.

6.

ejiorted.

Mr. Sheridan:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Beaufoy, according to Order, reported from the Bill for r?gu-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laiing the Go, continuing in the Possession of the East India Company, for a further Term, the Territorial Acquisitions dTJ|eo and Revenues obtained in the East , and for

making further Provision for the Government and Security of the said Territories, and the Appropriation of the Revenues thereof, and for the further Continuance of the exclusive Trade of the said Company, under certain Limitations and Restrictions, and more effectually securing the Benefits thereof, and for applying Part of the Funds of the said Company in the Reduction of their Debts, and appropriating the Residue thereof for the Benefit of the Public and of the said Company, pursuant to an Agreement made for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments

which

Mali.

A. 1793,

which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he TCad the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, witii the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 3. 1. i. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 3. 1. 2. which was to fill the Blank with " Two," in the Clause for appointing Commissioners for the Affairs of , being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put, That the House tioth agree with the Committee in the said Amend* ment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for he Yeas, Jnj.

Tellers for the Noes, {J£; j 42.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally pqt thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for regulating the Exportation of Copper to the East Indies.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause being offered to be added to the BiH, for empowering the Court of Directors to send out Schoolmasters, and Persons approved by the Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Bishop of,

&c. for the Religious and Moral Improvement of the Native Inhabitants of the British Dominions in India;

The House was moved, That the Resolutions which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Government and Trade of India, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

" Resolved, That it is the peculiar and bounden " Duty of the Legislature to promote, by all just fnd " prudent Means, the Interests and Happiness of the " Inhabitants of the British Dominions in India; and " that, for these Ends, such Measures ought to be " adopted as may gradually tend to their Advancement

in useful Knowledge, and to their Religious and " Moral Improvement.

" Resolved, That sufficient Means of Religious

" Worship and Instruction be provided for all Persons of the Protestant Communion, in the Service, " or under the Protection of the East India Company " iu Asia, proper Ministers being, from Time to " Time, sent out from Great Britain for those Purposes; and that a Chaplain be maintained on Board " every Ship of Seven hundred Tons Burthen, and " upwards, in the East India Company's Employ; " and, moi^over, that no such Ministers, or Chaplains, shall be sent out or appointed until they shall " first have been approved of by the Archbishop of " Canterbury, or the Bishop of London, for the Time " being."

Then the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill. r

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, requiring the Court of Directors to settle the Destination, ana provide for the decent Maintenance of the said several Persons.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing the Removal of such Persons, in certain Cases.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for sending out and maintaining Chaplains at the principal Garrisons and Factories, and on Board Ships, of a certain Burthen, in the Service of the Company.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Protection of Tea Brokers.

And the said Clause was read the First Time; and, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, prescribing the Oath to be taken by Persons who shall hereafter be elected Directors of the East India Company.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time "

upon Wednesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be.

then ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third BUI for pi*] Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for placing the ingEwt In-Stock, called East India Annuities, under the Management of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Manage, England, and ingrafting the same on the Three Pounds of the Bant, j per Centum Reduced Annuities, in Redemption of a |

Debt of Four Millions Two hundred Thousand Pounds reJ> owing by the Public to tite East India Company, and I

for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money ]

by a further Increase of their Capital Stock, to be ap-: lot

plied in Discharge of certain Debts of the said Com- -;Du

pany, be now read. ;l0,t

And the said Order being read accordingly; j ®

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Wednesday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Mr. Hinry Hobart, according to Order, reported Report<*» from the Committee of the whole House, to whom mwbofCw it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made ^3U" in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His pre- iate, tofc sent Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing ties ami " the several Duties of Customs and Excise, ana Draw!*

" granting other Duties iu Lieu thereof, and for ap- gJfejJ " plying the said Duties, together with the other " Duties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares,

" and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture " of the European Dominions of the French King,

" into this Kingdom; and for applying certain *

" unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer ^*5 a

" for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt," as relates to the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, and the Duties and Drawbacks on the Importation and Exportation of '-'tvi

Virginal Wire oT Brass, the Resolutions which the Conunittpe had directed him do report to the House;

which

33 Geo. III. WMail

793

fcEH 'ho M kCw-

ipoDik , e, to be

House,

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable on the Importation, and the Drawbacks allowed on the Exportation, of Figs, do cease and determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved \That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged a Duty of Ten Shillings upon the Importation of every One hundred Weight of Figs in i?W/wA-built Ships.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged a Duty of Ten Shillings and Sixpence upon the Importation of every One hundred Weight of Figs in Foreign-built Ships.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Nine Shillings and Two Pence be allowed upon the Exportation of every One hundred Weight of Figs.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged a Duty of Seven Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven Pence upon the Importation of every One hundred Weight of Virginal Wire of Copper.-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed a Drawback of Six Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence upon the Exportation of every One hundred Weight of Virginal Wire of Copper.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

tOli, I*

rdli®

.&k

heTaid"-

gji 2

fc!1,

Ps-JE)

U'

Bill to amend Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord-

General ing to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the K? Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ented!* intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce " into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now " in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " PurposesAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

if, a i/oae beif

Cot

ported 1 hi®:

Uljtl:

pit'.

A'

i asJ' irsi-; 0$ f

iai&

utt

\iP

)'*

H t?

Bill to conti- A Bill for further continuing, for a Time to be H-nue Act for mited, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of fanning Du- the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An Hones com- " -Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Committed. " missioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to " let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made " in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's " Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post, " and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing " to contract for the same," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee on Newfoundland Trade to sit notwithstanding Adjournment.

Committee on Report of Mr. Mudge'a Petition to s it not with-

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to inquire into the State of the Trade to Newfoundland, have Leave to sit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Select Committee, to whom it is referred to examine the Matter of the Report which was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of Thomas Mudge, Watchmaker, was referred, and to Vox.. 48.

make Enquiry into the Principles on which Mr. atandiugAdf-

Mudges Time-keepers have been constructed, have j°urnm*nt' Leave to sit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Hollym and Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, within the several Townships of Hollym, and Withemsca, in the Parish of co^nit, Hollym, in the East Riding of the County of York, and ted. for a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Townships, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wil-be force, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Greene's to enable Maty Greene, Widow, and James Greene,

Esquire, her Son, and the Survivor of them, to grant comnu e ‘ and convey in Fee Farm, for the Purpose of Building, or to make Building Leases, for any Term of Years, of Messuages and Lands at Droylsden, Failsworth, and Newton, in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, the Speaker's Chamber.

Art ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Trafford's Act to enable John Trafford, Esquire, and other Per- Leases Bill sons after his Death, to make Leases of the Estates cwnm, tte<*' devised by the Will of the late Humphrey Trafford, Esquire situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, for Building upon, under reserved Rents, and also to grant Leases of certain Waste Moss Lands, in the said Counties, other Parts of the said devised Estates, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Cartaide's Act to enable John Gartside, Esquire, to grant and convey the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, for Building upon, reserving Rents, or to make Building Leases, of any Part of his settled Estate in Little Bolton, in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Knottiugley Waste Grounds and Ings, or Meadow Grounds, with- Inclosure in the Township of Knottingley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Duncdmbe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the on Report of Report which was made from the Committee to whom ^a the Petition of the Right honourable the Earl of Ux- MinesPeti-bridge, Proprietor of certain Copper and Lead Mines tion. in the Isle of Anglesea, on Behalf of himself, and other Persons interested in the Mines in the said Island, was referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a

9 Q Motion,

17° — 22° Mail

A. 1793.

reported.

Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Drawback of the " Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and " Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle M of Anglesey

Mercurii, 22° die Maii; Anno 33* Georgii III. U Regis, 1793.

Ml

BH1 ordered.

Knight's Estate Bill read.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Heytobory rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ-Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present „ Parliament for the Borough of Heytesbury, in the

And Mr. Henry Hobart moved the House accord- County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable igly. William Lord Auckland, in the Kingdom of Ireland, now

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Baron Auckland, of West Auckland, in the County of amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Durham, called up to the House of Peers.

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for

" allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used The Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That Answer w " in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire En- their Address of Friday last (entreating, that His Address for " gines for draining Water out of the Copper and Majesty would be graciously pleased to take into His Jih0enI"/tjtu'

Royal Consideration the Advantages which might be Board of derived, by the Public, from the Establishment of a Agriculture. Board of Agriculture and Internal Improvement; and, if His Majesty shall be graciously pleased to direct the Institution of such a Board, for a limited Time, to assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons will chearfully defray any Expence attending the same, to the Amount of a Sum not exceeding 3,000l.) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

" Lead Mines, within the Isle of Anglesey And that Mr. Henry Hobart and Mr. Thomas Williams do prepare, and bring in, the same.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in Wiltshire, Somersetshire, and Gloucestershire, in Trustees, to the Uses of the Will of Jacob Knight, Esquire, deceased, in lieu of an Estate in Worcestershire, limited to such Uses by the said Will, and for vesting the Estate in Worcestershire in Warren Hastings, Esquire, in Fee Simple, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.'

Committee

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Quenebo-The Order of the Day being read, for the House to closing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable roo8l1 ^do-

on Motion for resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House Bill for abo- to consider of the Motion, made upon Tuesday last, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves;

Resolved, That this House will,

Morning next, resolve itself into mittee.

lishing the Trade for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves deferred.

Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of in the County of Leicester, was read the Thirdp Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the upon Wednesday Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the said Com- the Parish or Lordship of Queneborough, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley do carry the Bill to the Bill for En- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Lords, and desire their Concurrence, couragrment resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

deferred*1' upon ^e Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, Petition from aeierre . for tjje better and more effectually manning His Ma- of the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the the Corpora-jesty's Navy; County of York, under their Common Seal, was pre- ^ouof®'^'

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- sented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Hollym and night, resolve itself into the said Committee. Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Mea- Wiihemaea

dows, Pastures, and Carrs, within the several Town- Jndosure Bill for pre- The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the ships of and Wiihertisea, in the Parish of ®‘*1-

venting Bri- Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Hollym, in the East Riding of the County of York, and bri3ce Elec- w^om t^e Bill for the preventing of Bribery and Cor- for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, tion deferred, ruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parlia- and also of the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands ment for the Borough of Stockbridge, in the County of in the said Townships; and Setting forth. That the Southampton, was committed; Petitioners are Patrons of the Vicarage of Hollym, and

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Robert Barker, Clerk, is Vicar, and, in Right of his said

Thursday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Martin's -An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act I)ivorc« Bill to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Martin, Esquire,

Vicarage, is entitled to the Tythe of Corn, and to all the Small Tythes within the Township of Hollym (the Tythes of Hay, Whins, Wool, and Lamb, only excepted); and that there are several Clauses in the said Bill which contain Provisions injurious to the Rights pwsed. with Elizabeth Vesey, his now Wife, and to enable him of the Petitioners, and, if the same should pass into a

to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do (mss.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Law, in its present Form, their Property, as Patrons of the said Living, will be greatly diminished in Value: And therefore praying, That they may be permitted to be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as affect their Property, and that the House will grant the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as shall appear to be just and equitable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill

is

33 Geo. III.

32° A

7 95

is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, rat the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

ing, making; And repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire; and for improving, widening, and lighting the Streets within the Royal Burgh of Inver* ness.

Ordered, That Colonel Macleod do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

m

tie "Hie

5 of

Ftwsbro-

jier'iBOl

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Slawstonfiw Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pas- closure Bill tures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and PM*ed-An ingrossed Bill to continue, and amend, an Act, Grounds, in the Parish of Slawston, in the County of passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

w

«a,.;:

11',.

feet lie

»4 me, k )iad i lla-

k %

' said

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers," was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. i. 1. 35. To leave out " One Year," and insert " Two Years," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, and amend, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the " Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers."

Ordered \That Mr. Robert Anstruther do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Slawston, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Noel Edwards do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thomas Williams presented to the House, aC- Angleity cording to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in CopperMuw* the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present lilted!*" Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Drawback " of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper " and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining " Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within " the Isle of Anglesey And the same was received;

and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

IB- (Jt-.

table r?i: s'-

t d®

Tide

"tie

&.B

jinty

ii (IK

'It

ire-f1' tie fc ea- f.'i ro- k-il d

j*

Kim

Ibwaji

J lighting II pasted.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Think, Bag-Common called Thirsk West Moot', and Carlton and- &f*In* Sandhutton Commons, in the Parish of Thirsk, in the commuted*

An ingrossed Bill for making and repairing Highways and Bridges within the Shire of Inverness; and for lighting the Streets within the Royal Burgh of Inverness, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the North Riding of the County of York, and several Par-' Bill, by Way of Ryder, that Persons aggrieved may eels of Moor or Common Lane, being Part of Bagby appeal to the Circuit Court of Justiciary. High Moor, lying within the several Townships of

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the , Bagby, and in the said Riding, was read a

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Second Time.

made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added Williams, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for settling the Value of this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Houses and Grounds by a Jury.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. I. 11. After " determined," to insert " either unanimously, or.'*

To leave out " Mid-day," and insert " Noon " instead thereof.

After from," to insert " Street " called."

I. 32. After " the," to insert " said."

1. 33. To leave out " sufficiently."

1. 28. To leave out from " Street," to the End of 1. 13, in Pr. 13.

To leave out from " Road," to " by," in 1. 8.

After " District," to insert " and " for so doing the y shall allow " him a reasonable Sum."

To leave out from " Session, " to " who," in 1. 30.

1. 37-

Pr. 10. 1. 21.

Pr. 12.

Pr. 19. 1. 7.

1. 11.

Pr. 22. 1. 28.

Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Tuddinglon several Fields, Arable Lands, Meadows, and Pastures, and Priest-Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet of clifflndosure Taddington and Priestcliff, in the Parish of Bill

and County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet of Taddington and Priestcliff, in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening that Kelso and Part of the Road, leading from Kelso towards the Town Selkirk of Selkirk, which lies to the Eastward of the Turnpike ®oad*

Road leading from Jedburgh to Lauder, which crosses pa*se the River Teviot near to the Town of Kelso, and the Road leading from Kelso towards Coldstream, to the Place where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Greenlaw to Coldstream, and from through

1. 32. To leave out from " Dispute," to nam, to Orange Lane, in the Parish of Eccles, in the

the End of Line 34.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverness, and for levying Conversion

County of Berwick, and from Ednam to Edenfoot, and from Kelso to Comhill, in the County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass .' And that the Title be An Act for repairing and widening that Part of the Road, leading from Kelso towards the Town of Selkirk, which lies to the Eastward of the Turnpike

Money in lieu of Labour, and for otherwise regulat- Road leading from Jedburgh to Lauder, which crosses Vol. 48. the

m

22° Mali.

A. 1793.

the River Teviot near to the Town of and the

Road leading from Kelso towards , to the

Place where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Greenlaw to Coldstream, and from Kelso, through Edition, to Orange Lane, in the Parish of Eccles, °in the County of Berwick, and from the Ford at Newton

Vyse'i Exchange Bill committed.

Bill to enable the Bishop of Ely to sell the Castle of Wisbech St. Peter's committed.

Knight's Estate Bill committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Mr. Whitbread, Senior, reported from the Committee, Cardigan

-, . _ , - „ ----- to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers "d.Bariord.

Mill, through Edenham and Edenfoot, and lrom Kelso of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of to Cornhtll, in the County of Durham. His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing

" and widening the Road from the Forty-eighth Mile " Stone, in the Parish of Cardington, in the present " Turnpike Road between Hitchin and Bedford, to " G Barjord Bridge, and for continuing a Road " from thence to the Great Northern Road, near " T Bridge, in the County of Bedford," was committed; That the Committee had examined the

Ordered, That Sir George Douglas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Richard William Howard Vyse, an Infant Trustee, to join in making an Exchange of Part of the Estate of the most noble Charles Duke of Norfolk,

with Francis Ferrand Foljambe, Esquire, was read a Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to true;

liitl to disunite the Rectories of Gimingham and Trunch reported, and passed.

Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Honywood, Sir George Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and-made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the" to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by An Act to disunite the Rectories of Gimingham and the House.

Trunch, in the County of Norfolk, and Diocese of Norwich, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the s^me to be true; and that the Parties concerned had' given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ft

('«

inc

it

Pc

sc1

lie

Pi

foi

S»

ft 0 6

! J

' i

i*

sit

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Steinfurtb , given ineir ^onseni ro ine iiin, io ...» oausmcuou or whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- and the Committee; and that the Committee had directed ble Canal from the Ri*er Dun Navigation Cut, at *

him to report the Bill to the House, without any near in the West Riding of the County report,i »

of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a Collateral Cut ifrom the said Canal to join the said River Dun, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding, was committed; and to whom the Peti-

report the iiill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath tion of Du„ Esquire, Lord of the Manor of

agreed to the same, without any Amendment

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Ely to sell the Castle of Wisbech Saint Peter's, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and the Gardens and Appurtenances

Keadby, in the Isle of and County of Lincoln,

and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, all Owners of Estates within the said Manor; and also, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Par-- . ,. , ticipants or Owners of Estates within the Level of

thereunto belonging, and for applying the Money to Chace, in the Counties of York, Lincoln, and

arise from such Sale m Manner therein mentioned, was for and on Behalf of themselves, and other

read a Second Time. ~

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Berguer's Nat. Bill reported, and passed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in , Somersetshire,

and Gloucestershire, in Trustees, to the Uses of the Will of Jacob Knight, Esquire, deceased, in lieu of an Estate in Worcestershire, limited to such Uses by the said Will, and for vesting the Estate in Worcestershire in Warren Hastings, Esquire, in Fee Simple, w as read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing David Berguer, was committed.

Mr. Baker accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Persons, Participants or Owners of Estates within the said Level, were severally referred: That the Committee had considered the first-mentioned Petition, and had heard Counsel in Support of the second-mentioned Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed Min to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Petition fa Council of the City of Bath, was presented to the House and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for pav-ing, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the ing.&c.Bd Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, within such Part of the Parish of Walcot, in the County of Somerset, as is not within the Circuit, Precinct, and Jurisdiction, of the City of Bath, in the same County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and for establishing a proper and effective

Police

! t fre-,^de-

ike.

4

r

53 Geo. III.

22° Maii.

97

ns

e % »olb

re(®iriiu '''I

piffle*:

to

?'a lad

5 *

M\

®;«d the 15,(1 true-

Police therein, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, and Carts, within the same Part of the said Parish; and Setting forth, That it would be extremely convenient if the City of were included in the Regulations of the said Bill, so far as the same relates to Hackney Coaches, Chairs, and Porters, and that such Alterations may be made in the

15 i

fete (j 'fc Taiie'

wm ?<

reed |{

m sj if

iffiittef, b j.

' i Sari-.

'i CuLe:u

e Co'jrtrT' Courts in

he Em

Lim 1 i! to jot if, io tk . tLe Fes-.Ik:: ii Lx& N'jcfn

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. The Lords

Eames: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An swinton and Act for making and maintaining 'a Navigable Canal Silkstone from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in the Town- c*nal Bll)' ship of to or near the Town of ,in the several Acts of Parliament made for regulating and Parish of Silkstone, in the West Riding of the County licensing Chairs within the City of Bath, and for other of York, and certain Collateral Cuts branching out Purposes, as may be found to be necessary: And there- of the said Canal; without any Amendment: And fore praying, That such Provision may be made in the also,

said Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, as to the House The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An South Kelsey shall seem meet. Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal and Caistor

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the from the River Ancholme, in the Parish of South Kelsey, Cw,ttl B,u* Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill in the County of Lincoln, into the Parish of Caistor, is committed. in the said County; without any Amendment: And

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said also,

Committee, That they have Power to make Provision The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Worn borne in the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,' Road* Petition. the Roads leading from IVomborne to Prince's End, BlU'

and from Gospel End to the Village of Over Penn, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from

v to Stourbridge, and from Chills Grave, to or near Prince's End, and from Can Lake to the Town of Bilston, in the County of Stafford; without any.

Amendirtent: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Besselsleigh Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, and IluD8er" Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House passed in the Tw elfth Year of the Reign of His present Boad to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the m bconwmen- upon Bill for remedying Inconveniences attending End of the present Turnpike Road from Besselsleigh to res io the certain Proceedings in the Courts of Great Session in Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to Leckford, other-r '* ~ Wales, and in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Dur- wise Sousley Water, in the County of Wilts', without

ham, and Lancaster, be now read. any Amendment: And also,

And the said Order being read accordingly; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Art Monmouth

The House resolved itself into the said Com- Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of R°ad» Bill*

Newfound- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for W Jitdica- establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of New-wdLed. foundland, and the Islands adjacent: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Hardinge, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Committee oo Bill lor

Wiles, k c.

mjttee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hyde East took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hyde East reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and_ amending the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An WestHaptry,

vf;l

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Act for making, amending, diverting, and widening

LA

to report, when the House will please io receive the the Roads, leading from West Harptry, to the Bath and jyjjt same. Turnpike Road, at Marksbury, and from Stowey

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow to Chav Magna, and from West Harptry to the Bath Morning. Turnpike Road at Embormo, and from West Harptry

to Fore Cross, in the Parish of Churchill, and from West Harptry to the Blue Bawl Inn, in Compton Martin, and from Berrington to the Town of Wrington, and Sr stroying, or damaging Ships, or other Vessels; and \om T/,e Nine Elms, at North Wedcombe to Coley, in S&C. ill forcibly obstructing the navigating of Ships, or the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: wd*,ed* other Vessels, or obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations: And that Mr.

Burdon, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.' Solicitor General, and Mr. Brandling, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Bill for pre-vesting destroying or

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better preventing of Offences in setting Fire to, de-

Scotch Creditors Bill reported.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bawtryand Act for making and maintaining a commodious Carriage *f,b>r Road from the Town of Bawtry, to the Town of Selby, 1 in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Blything Mr. Robert Anstruther reported from the Committee, Act for amending an Act, made in the Fourth Year of Poor Bill,

to whom the Bill for rendering the Payment of Cre- His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the ditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of " better Relief and Employment of the Poor in the Great Britain called Scotland, was committed; That " Hundred of Blything, in the County of the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made and for granting some further Powers and Provisions for several Amendments thereunto, which they had di- carrying the same more effectually into execution; jvc ted him to report to the House; and he read the without any Amendment: And also,

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act The Lord* Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: to enable James Lexer, of Hindley, in the County of havel, as3s<1 Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; Lancaster, Esquire, to make Grants in Fee, and also and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon to grant Building Leases of certain Estates in the fHBf, 3^ the Question severally put thereupon, were, with seve- Townships of Bolton It Moors, in the said County; to ral Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act Darby and for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and St. John'* Vol. 48. 9 R Division pa, tltio*

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

798

22' Maxi.

A. 1793.

Division between William Thomas Darby, Esquire, and Saint Andrea) Saint John, Esquire, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments (heretofore the Estate of Richard Jackson, Esquire, deceased) in the several Counties of Norfolk, Essex, Surrey, Middlesex, and the City of London, and for limiting and settling the specific Parts thereof, which, upon such Partition and Division, were allotted to each of them, to the several tJses therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

their Debts, and appropriating the Residue thereof for the Benefit of the Public and of the said Company, pursuant to an Agreement made for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Oder being read accordingly ,*

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next

AetqaMj r*-lating to Hemp and Flax presented.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Sussex Milk cond Reading of the Bill, requiring and authorizing tie Monty Charles Gilbert, Esquire, Treasurer of the Eastern Division, and the Reverend Francis Tuite, the legal Mr. Charles Long presented to the House, pursuant Representative of Randolph Tutl'e, deceased, late to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, Treasurer of the Western Division of the County of

Sussex, to pay certain Sums of Money received by

An Account of the Quantities of Hemp and Flax certified to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Monies directed to be issued to the Order of the Quarter Sessions of the different Counties therein mentioned, between the gth Day of May 1792 and the 9th Day of May 1793: And qlso,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of Sums allowed by the Justices of the Peace for the within-menhoned Counties, to the several Clerks of the Peace, " for Business done under the Act for encouraging the Growth of Hemp and Flax, and paid by Order

A

them, the said Treasurers, or either of them, on Account of the not raising the Militia of the said County, into the Public Stocks of the said Divisions, to be applied as therein is directed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 30th Day of this Instant May, resolve

" of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Trea- itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the sury, between the 9th Day of May 1792 and the 9th said Bill.

" Day of May 1793."

Ana the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie Upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill aspect-for vesting certain forfeited Estates in Ireland in His ing Majesty, subject to such Orders as shall be given by the Parliament of Ireland respecting the same: And 01* that Mr. Robert Hobart, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Sill for pine- An ingrossed Bill for placing the Stock, called East ingEast India India Annuities, under the Management of the Governor wider the* and Company of die Bank of England, and ingrafting Management the same on the Three Pounds per Centum Reduced «f tie Bank, Annuities, in Redemption of a Debt of Four Millions &t. pasted. '{Vo hundred Thousand Pounds, owing by the Public to the East India Company, and for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money by a further Increase of their Capital Stock, to be applied in Discharge of certain Debts of the said Company, was, according to Order, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for placing the Stock, called East India Annuities, under the Management of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and ingrafting the same on the Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, in Redemption of a Debt of Four Millions Two hundred Thousand Pounds, o« ing by the Public to the East India Company, and for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money by a further Increase of their Capital Stock, to be applied in Discharge of certain Debts of the said Company.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Fill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill for regu- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third lating the Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for continuing and Trade of *n t*lC Possession of the East India Company, for a India de- further Term, the Territorial Acquisitions and Referred. venues obtained in the East Indies, and for making

further Provision for the Government and Security of the said Territories, and the Appropriation of the Revenues thereof, and for the further Continuance of the exclusive Trade of the said Company, under certain Limitations and Restrictions, and more effectually securing the Benefits thereof, and for applying Part of < the Funds of the said Company in the Reduction of

12

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill toammd Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Corn Kcgu-Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, btion Act intituled, "An Act for regulating the Importation and commilU:i " Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty " on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on " British Corn exported," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

The Bill (now ingrossed) for the Encouragement Friendly $. and Relief of Friendly Societies, was, according to cieties Bill Order, read the Third Time. passed.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Manner in which Certificates are to be authenticated.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to prevent Persons residing under such Certificates, gaining a Settlement by being rated and paying to any Tax.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered,

r

'S3. ;Sf

% v,; Bill to permit

H. 1 certain Goods

to be imported from Ireland commit-

Tij* ted.

1

‘Ozillff l>; k*

Ofl ? 1 late 1;

tj'of rfbj 1 Ac-

Mx Committee

tote on Motion for a Bill for abo-

tp(i« lishing the t

33 Geo. III.

22° — 23'' i/«o.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second to report, when the House ill please to receive the eading of the Bill to permit Goods and Commo- same.

ties, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

to be imported from thence into Great Britain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-I, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

in

(TO*

<Ae

(be

Trade for

suppingFo- gin for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying mm with" Foreign Territories with Slaves, be now read, slave. And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, that Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

fMr. Edward ]

Tellers for the Yea3, -J Eliot, >61.

I Mr. John Smyth.

Tellers for the Noes, {"* Ea"'

18.

11>. "t

id

T>-

-reported.

Bill ordered.

Mr. Cawthorne So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Burdon accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves.

And Mr. Burdon moved the House accordingly.

Ordered \That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves: And that Mr. Burdon, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Far, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

'ommittee i Hill tu con-

ming Du- upon for further continuing, for a Time to be

son Post limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of '* the Reiga of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners " of the Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the " Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth " Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let " to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be willing to contract for the same," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him Vox.. 48.

An ingrossed Bill for further continuing and amending Bill to conti-an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his Act for late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manu- ture of §a,i " facture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more Cloth passed. " effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign " Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the be, An Act for further continuing and amending an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act " for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual " securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail " Cloth imported into this Kingdom."

Ordered, That Mr Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Bill to amend ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^Pulblfoa House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and tion of N<h amend an Act, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years tices of Tima of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the aml pjace 41 further regulating Elections of Members to serve in ^!/ecr^19 44 Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing 44and returning such Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart have Leave to make Bewicke's^ a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock. deferred. *

And he moved the Honse accordingly; and,

The Order, made upon the 14th Day of this Instant May, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Friday next, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Calverley John Bewicke,

Clerk, with Mary Elizabeth, otherwise Mary Eliza Vaughan, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, being read; ,

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Com-

Com-

Jovisy23° die Anno 33* Georgii III*" Regis, 1793.

Fratebs.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. uoaw ad. Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were journed. not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr.

Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

24° M

A. 1793.

Veneris, 24* die Maii;

Anno 33* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1793. Prayers.

Trial of Mr. f| iflE Managers appointed to make good the as tings. _£ Articles of Impeachment against Warren Has-

tings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster Hall;

Day appoint* fed for considering Lords Amendments to Salford, Warrington, See. Roads Bill.

Caithness and Suthei^ land Statute Labour Bill reported.

The Lords have agreed to

Mash am Inclosure Bill.

Wine Drawback, &c. Bill.

Bill for raising Money on the Hundred of Hem-lingford.

The Lords will proceed Tomorrow on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and improving, certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, W irrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak in and

Dux bury Stocks, and also the Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pcndlebury, to Bridge, and from

thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agecrojt Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Henri/ Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making effectual the Statute Labour, and for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour, in certain Cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the County of Caithness, and Part of the County of Sutherland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Eaines:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of the Moors and Wastes within the Manor of Masham and Mashamshire, in the North Riding of the County of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers, on board Ships of War in actual Service, and to allow such Ships to be supplied with Tobacco Duty free; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy raising Money upon the Hundred of Hemlingford, in the County of Warwick, for paying

the Damages and Costs incurred on Account of the late Riots within the said Hundred, than is authorized to be done by the Laws now in being; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall, precisely.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Death, other Persons, to grant building Leases of his settled Estates at and near Bolton in Lee Moores, in the County of Lancaster, for long Terms of Years, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lever's to enable James Lever, of Hindley, in the County of Leases BUI Lancaster, Esquire, to make Grants in Fee, and also to rtiul-grant Building Leases of certain Estates in the Township of Bolton le Moors, in the said County, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Darby and for confirming and rendering effectual, a Partition and St Jobs's Division between William Thomas Darby, Esquire, and gV,ut'! Saint Andrew Saint John, Esquire, of divers Manors, 1 r Lands, and Hereditaments (heretofore the Estate of Richard Jackson, Esquire, deceased) in the several Counties of Norfolk, Essex, Surrey, Middlesex, and the City of London, and for limiting and settling the specific Parts thereof, which, upon such Partition and Division, were allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sirll. Bridge- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

B?U read3*68 to ena^e ^'r Henry Bridgeman, Baronet, and, after his

Mr. William MeDowall reported from the Com- Glasgow mittee, to whom the Bill for re-building the Tron Church BiQ js Church of the City of Glasgow, for opening certain Streets in the City of Glasgow, for removing Ob- mitted. ^' structions in the Trongate Street, for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street, for regulating the Weight and Measure of Coals, and the Mode of carrying Wood and Timber on the Streets of the said City, for enlarging the Gaol or Tolbooth there, and for selling Part of the High, or Callon Green, and also the Glebes belonging to the Cures of the High Church, and of the Barony Parish adjoining thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of Robert Darley Waddilove, Clerk, and rctiiioa William Harrison, Doctor of Physic, in behalf of them- aguim selves and others, Owners of Lands at Carlton Miniot, in the County of York, was presented to the House, c^0'jyi. and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, that a Bill is brought into Parliament for inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Thirsk, which Bill includes the Common of Carlton Miniot, where the Petitioners, with other Land Owners (who have not consented to the said Bill) are entitled to Right of Common; and that they are informed, that the said Bill is calculated to take away this their Right immemorially enjoyed, or-to submit it to the Decision of Commissioners: And therefore praying, That such Part of the Bill which so materially affects their Property, may not pass into a Law, or that the House will give them such Redress in the Premises, as to the House may seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

5«kis

3'1"4ie

t.

Met i,

«y<rfu.:

sljoio.it'

W

as retd

® and ,v: 'tiind j-." tp *'

hi i

seifrt! ad tie ie >pe. o aed

fc*

; Fis

33 Geo. III.

24° M

801

Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for Lottery to consist of Fifty thousand Tiekets, at Thir-dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common teen Pounds Ten Shillings each; and that the Con-called Thirsk West Moor, and Carlton and Sandhutton tributors towards the same shall, on or before the

Commons, in the Parish of Thirsk, in the North Riding 24th Day of this Instant May, make a Deposit, with of the County of York, and several Parcels of Moor or the Cashiers of the Bank of England, of One Pound Common Land, being Part of Bagby High Moor, lying Five Shillings, in respect of the Monies to be paid within the several Townships of Thirsk, Bagby, and for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the Balk, in the said Riding, is committed. future Payments to the said Cashiers, on or before the

Times herein after limited; That is to say: For and in An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navi- respect of every such Ticket, One Pound Five Shil-

Suinforth _ „

and Ktadby gable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, at or Canal Bill near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dun, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, at or near

I'm£f £rta *'

fridge

'erfc

e of tuber Gari

to tj* Pea

Frodsham and Helsby loclowre Bill reported.

lings on or before the 5th Day of July next; Two Pounds on or before the 9th Day of August next; Two Pounds on or before the 13th Day of September next; Two Pounds on or before the 22d Day of October next; Two Pounds on or before the 6th Day of December next; Three Pounds on or before the 14th Day of January 1794; and that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments: That the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds shall be Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of York, distributed into Prizes, for the Benefit of the Proprie-to join and communicate with the River Trent, at or tors of the fortunate Tickets in the said. Lottery;

near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and

Collateral Cut from the said Canal, to join the said Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for the

River Dun, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Service of the Year 1793, and be paid at the Bank of

England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on, or at any Time after, the 1st Day of July 1794, as soon as Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid

Riding.

Ordered, That Mr. TVilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

whom

John Pitt reported from the Committee, to the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, to be

a

certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Town and Lordship of Frodsham, and the Township of Helsby, in the Parish of Frodsham, in the County- of Chester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee

applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament; and that every Contributor to the said Lottery, who shall pay any of the Sums to be respectively paid by Installments, as hereinbefore mentioned, before the Periods respectively fixed for the same, shall be allowed an Interest by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sums so respectively paid in, to be computed, from the Day of paying the same respectively, to the Periods at which the same would be paid

(except the Owners of Land assessed to the Land Tax at 2s. w\d. per Annum, who refused to sign the according to the respective Installments hereinbefore

Bill; and also, except the Owners of Land assessed mentioned.

at £. 15. 19#. 4 d.per Annum, who declared themselves Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Monej' out of neuter; and that the Whole of the Lands, having That, towards making good the Supply granted to His Consolidated Right of Common, are assessed at the Annual Value Majesty, there be issued and applied the further Sum fun of £.266. 15s. y d.; and that no Person appeared of Two hundred and Fifty-five thousand Pounds, out before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Fund, called The Consolidated Fund, from the 5th Day several Amendments thereunto, which they had di- of January 1793 to the 5th Day of April 1794.

Report Ways and Means.

reeled him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross ed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayharn, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles do prepare, and

bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply pursuant to the Resolution which, upon the 12th Day

ttery.

granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Six hundred and Seventy-five

of March last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the Second Resolution now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac- Newfound-cording to Order, a Bill for establishing Courts of fond Judica-thousand Pounds be raised by Way of Lottery, such Judicature in the Island of and the ture Bill.

Vol.48. 9 S Islands

802

24" M

A. 1793.

Bill respecting forfeited Estates in Ireland presented.

Bill for abolishing the Trade for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves presented.

Islands adjacent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for vesting certain forfeited Estates in Ireland in His Majesty, subject to such Orders as shall be given by the Parliament of Ireland respecting the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

dies from Africa ordered.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ships entered Account of all Ships that have entered Inwards at the the Westln- several Ports of the British West Indies, from Africa, between the 5th of January 1792 and the 5th of January 1793, distinguishing the Time of Entry, Ships Names, Tonnage, Masters Names, from what Place in Great Britain, Number of Mariners at the Time of the Ships Arrival, from what Part of the Coast of Africa, Number of Slaves taken on board, and of those who died on their Passage, together with the Number on board at the Port of her Arrival, particularizing their Sex, Height, &c.

Voices to Committee on Bath Roads Bill.

Farnham Hop Tythes Bill deferred.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to tfhom the Bill for enlarging the Term granted and continued by several Acts passed for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdawn Hill and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways leading to the said City, and also for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, and for repealing the several Powers contained in the said Acts, and granting others instead thereof, for the Improvement and Repair of the said Roads, is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops, planted in Fields in the Parish of Farnham, in the County of Surrey:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill to con- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of tinue Act for the whole House, to whom the Bill for further conforming Du- tinuing, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Horses re°-St Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable the Lord " High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury " for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties " granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year " of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to " Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such " Persons as should be willing to contract for the " same," was committed, be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

ported.

Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill for reme-the whole House, to whom the Bill for remedying In- dying Incon. conveniences attending certain Proceedings in the ^b^CouTts'ia Courts of Great Session in Wales, and in the Counties Wales, 4c. Palatine of Chester, Durham, and Lancaster, was com- reported, mitted, be now received.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do make the said Report

Mr. Hardinge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill for pri the whole House, to whom the Bill for the preventing venting Bri. of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members gtockbridse to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Slockbridge, Election, in the County of Southampton, was committed, be re- forced, ceived upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill for re-Reading of the ingrossed Bill for continuing in the Possession of the East India Company, for a further of

Term, the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues ob* India passed, tained in the East Indies, and for making further Provision for the Government and Security of the said Territories, and the Appropriation of the Revenues thereof, and for the further Continuance of the exclusive Trade of the said Company, under certain Limitations and Restrictions, and more effectually securing the Benefits thereof, and for applying Part of the Funds of the said Company in the Reduction of their Debts, and appropriating die Residue thereof for the Benefit of the Public and of the said Company, pursuant to an Agreement made for that Purpose, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, not to permit, in private Trade,

Articles prohibited by former Acts.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, that if the Directors disapprove of the additional Quantity of Tonnage allowed by the Board of Controul, His Majesty in Council shall determine between them.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for permitting the Trade to the North West Coast of America, under certain Regulations.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, that the Regulations shall 6 not

u!

H

tc

si

Si

cl

V

la

r

193.

Eft

k

s

of Bjj,

; In. ir.

the >

OOV'

ssid

w#

tails

#tj

Hit

tit

tee

Jilt'S.?, erj :*!9il

t

»£.:

rc* its;

r._;r

33 Geo. III.

24° J/^V.

803

not vest in any Council of Supercargoes greater Power over Ships in the Eastern Seas, or on the Coasts of Japan, Korea, and China, than over the Ships employed in the Service of the Company.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, that Persons selling Goods and Merchandize at any Place not specified in the License, or any Non-observance of the Regulations, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor at Law, and shall be subject to the Penalties and Eorfeitures imposed by the Act on illicit Trade.

And the said Clause was brought up, and Twice read. And it appearing, that by the said Clause certain Persons might incur pecuniary Penalties;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed. Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Beaufoy reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Clause in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, that if the Company shaff not export a sufficient Quantity of Military Stores, Ammunition, Masts, Cordage, Spars, Anchors, Pitch, and Tar, the Board of Controul may permit Private Traders to export the same, under certain Regulations.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended.

And then the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for the Benefit of Tea Brokers, with respect to the Time of making their Deposits on India Sales.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /Mr' Alderman Curtis, \

1 ellers for We Yeas, |sir J: ]

Tellers for the Noes /Mr* 1

tellers for We rsoes, \Mr. David J

So it passed in the Negative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill in Pr. 3. I. 15. by leaving out the Words " and such

The Amendment following was also proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 41. 1. 40. After " suspended," to insert " except with regard to Judicial " Proceedings."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. .57. 1. 31. in the Clause for limiting the Continuance of the Term of the exclusive Trade of the Company to the Year One thousand Eight hundred and Eleven, by limiting the same to the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-seven.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Eight" stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

[Mr

{Mr.

II

132.

Ryder,

Mr. St. John,

Mr. Adam:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Amendments following were likewise severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 60. 1. 40.

J 26.

41.

98.

To leave out " to the Eastward of the Cape of Good Hope."

Pr. 65.1. ult. At the End of the Line to add, " Provided that the said Tonnage " for the Copper to be so sent " out to Hdia in any of the Cases " aforesaid, shall not be considered " as Part of the Tonnage allowed " by this Act for the Private " Trade."

Pr. 67. 1. 34. To leave out from " direct " to " Provided," in Pr. 68. 12.

Pr. 69. I. 26. To leave out " Six " and insert " Four " instead thereof.

Pr. 73. 1. 29. To leave out " Three" and insert " Seven" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Ques^ tion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Then several other Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the Clause beginning in Pr. 160. 1. 1. and the Three next Clauses, ending in Pr. 163. 1. 1. for sending Persons to the Indies for the Purposes of Religion and Morality; and for sending Chaplains on board India Ships of a certain Tonnage.

And the Question being severally put on each of the said Clauses, That the same stand Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Whereupon the Presses containing the said Four Clauses were struck out of the Bill at the Table accordingly.

Note. The said Clauses, having been mislaid, are not entered in this Place.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing in the East India

other Two Persons as His Majesty, His Heirs and Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the

c__________ ^I — 11 L . r. . _ 7 ..

" Successors, shall think fit.

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

/Mr. John Smyth,

(Afr. Henri/ fColonel Fitzpatrick,

Tellers for the Noes, 1 Mr. Whitbread,

* Junior:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Vol. 48.

Tellers for the Yeas,

123.

30.

British Territories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered,

Lords

Amendments to Scotch Roman Catholics Oath Bill agreed 4o.

Bill for preventing, destroying, or damaging Ships, &c. presented.

Petition of Messrs. Bishop for Provision in the Bill to continue certain Duties on Foreign Spirits.

804 24° — 25

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for requiring a certain Form of Oath, Abjuration, and Declaration, from His Majesty's Subjects, professing the Roman Catholic Religion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. I. 14. After "within" leave out " the " said Kingdom of," and insert " that Part of Great Britain " called."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hoghton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better preventing of Offences in setting Fire to, destroying, or damaging Ships, or other Vessels; and in forcibly obstructing the navigating of Ships, or other Vessels, or obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of Messieurs George Bishop and Argles Bishop, of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, Distillers, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and " Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, " and for applying the said Duties, together with " other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for " permitting the Importation of certain Goods, " Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French " King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain " unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer, for " the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt," whereby certain Regulations were established with respect to the Method of making Geneva at the Distillery then carried on by Mr. George Bishop, of Maidstone, lately deceased, and certain Rules were prescribed for the Payment of the Duties on such Geneva for a limited Time; and that the Petitioners were in Partnership with the said George Bishop at the Time of his Decease, which happened in the Month of March last, and the said Distillery hath been since carried on by by the Petitioners and Sir William Bishop, of Maidstone aforesaid, Knight, for their joint Account; and that the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending in the House to continue certain Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom for a Time to be limited, and also for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned, whereby the Provisions and Regulations respecting the said Distillery of the said Mr. George Bishop, deceased, are to be further continued for a limited Time; and that Doubts have arisen, whether the Provisions, Regulations, and Exemptions, contained in the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and proposed to be continued by the said Bill as above-mentioned, were not personal with respect to the said George Bishop, and were therefore to cease at his Death: And Representing to the House, that the said Distillery has been carried on many Years with the strictest Regularity and Propriety, according to the Regulations and Exemptions established and grant-

Mail A. 1793.

ed by Acts of Parliament, and, by Means of the great Quantity of Geneva manufactured there, the Importation of the said Article from Foreign Parts, and particularly by Smugglers, has been greatly decreased and checked, and His Majesty's Revenue thereby very materially increased and benefited: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for a?

obviating the Doubt above-mentioned, and for conti- ?'

nuing to the Petitioners, and their said Partner, and their Representatives, who shall be possessed of the said Distillery at Maidstone, the Privileges and Exemptions specified and contained in the said Act, of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, on the Third Reading of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Bill topering next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole mit certain House, upon the Bill to permit Goods and Commo- Goods 10 * dities of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of J^Tireinil, Asia, Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland, deferred to be imported from thence into Great Britain.

The other Orders of the Day being read; jr,

Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, made in Bill to amend* the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- General jesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and re- Tur"j‘^ j " duce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws ct' "

" now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in 1#|

" that Part of Great Britain called England, and for j

" other Purposes," be read a Second Time upon Mon- 3

day Morning next. *

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Biu for En_ ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole couragemeot House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Sea- of Seamen men, and for the better and more effectually manning d{ftrTt<1-His Majesty's Navy.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- BiUtoamead ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Com Rego-House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the lationAnde-Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ftrred' j intituled, "An Act for regulating the Importation and " Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty " on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on " British Corn exported."

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Bill toamud Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Act relative whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain j

and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh and Eighth tices of Tune Years of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act and Place«*

" for the further regulating Elections of Members to Elections;

" serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular ferre<1Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and returning such Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sabbati, 25* die Maii;

Anno 33° Georgii III. U Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

THE Trial of the Impeachment against Warren Trial of Mr Hastings, Esquire, being over this Day; Hastings. |

Mr. Speaker being informed that there was a Mes- 1

sage from the Lords, respecting the Time at which the j

Lords I

r

33 Geo. III.

25° — 27° Mali.

805

A-

reryau.

)r>?.

fill lor

3r % and

'iJlf aid ^'options

' in aii

The Lords will proceed oo Monday on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

Lords will proceed further in the said Trial, took the present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue, and Chair, according to the Order of the 1st Day of March " ~

last, although there were but Three Members present, and directed the Messengers to be called in.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

Eames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of JVarren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday

render more effectual. Two Acts, passed in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the " First, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty, for repairing the Road from " ket Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, and for repairing, widening, turning " and altering the Road branching out of the afore* " said Road at a Place called Filling Gate, to a Road " called The Foss Road, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Melton Mowbray to the

Morning, precisely at Eleven of the Clock, in West- " Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester.

vri

fur-

life,

A*?

1 vUSffilsj. j.

Me [ m %

and $ t

-ftl Ur,

R 12

and for

oaik

if Morn-,

.e whole of Sea-1

tud21L\' *

,1b.

minster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 27' die Maii;

Anno 33° Georgii III. U Regis, 1793. Pray ebs.

Ordered, That Mr. Pochin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and The Lord* Mr. Spranger: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Hardlow Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and Koa<1 turning the Road from Hurdlmo House, through Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster,

and also the Road from Hernestone Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pit Gate, through Chapel in le Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to the last mentioned Road

Heage and Dnfiield Road Bill reported.

Trialo( Mr. r11H E Managers appointed to make good the Ar- at Whaley, in the said County of Chester; without any Hastings. _|_ tides of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Amendment: And also,

Esquire, being come from the Trial in Westminster The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Weaverham Hall; Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Com- Inclosure

mons or Waste Lands within the Town, Manor, or Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, Lordship of Weaverham, in the County of Chester; to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, altering, without any Amendment: And also,

and improving, the Road from Heage, in the County The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Shrewsbury of Derby, through Belper, to Duffield, in the said Act for continuing the Term, and altering and en- an<* Shrey-

County, was committed; That the Committee had exa- larging the Powers, of Two several Acts, made in Bill,

mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King

to be true; and that the Committee had gone through George the Second, and Twenty-seventh Year of His

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shrews-

which they had directed him to report to the House; b to and to and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards hand other Roads, in the County of Salop; and delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike

Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once Road from Shrewsbury to Ellesmere, through Harlescott,

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by Ufftngton, and Berwick, to Atcham, in the said County;

One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Ardwick Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and Green, and turning the Road from Ardwick ,near,

in the County of Lancaster, to the New Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmslow, in the County of Chester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Glasgow and Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, Garscube

Market Har* borough Road Bill

were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and render more effectual, Two Acts,

" passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King passed in the Tdenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his Road

fZpnr'CTP thp Fircf f»nr? thp Minpfppnth Vpap nf thp Info Moipafir Rinrr tho Qoonnrl intifiller! An

George the First, and the Nineteenth Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road " from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the " County of Leicester, and for repairing, widening, ""turning, and altering the Road branching out of " the aforesaid Road at a Place called Filling Gate, " to a Road called The Foss Road, and from thence to

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the " City of Glasgowand of another Act, passed in the

Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act, and of another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made

the Turnpike Road leading from Melton Mowbray " to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Lei- in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the " cester," was read the Third Time. Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for

The Amendment following was proposed to be made repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glas-

to the Bill;

Pr. 24. 1. 31

To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " And," in Pr. 28.

1. 9.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved\That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His through the West or Lower Harrietskam Street, by Vo l. 48. 9 T Harrietskam

gow, so far as the same relates to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvin, called The Miln-ford of Garscube; without any Amendment: And. also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Maidstone Act for amending, widening, shortening, improving, and Ashferd and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wren's Cross, Ro«dBjll.

3

27°

Pawnbrokers

Bill.

Chelmsford Navigation Bill, with an Amendmtut.

Th* I^ords have passed Bil* to repeal so much oi Vagabonds, Ac. Act, as relates to Soldiers and Manners.

Valle's Nat. Bill.

The Lords will proceed To-.iarrow on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

llftrrietsham Church, and throngh Lenham and Charing to Harrow Hilt, in Ashford, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, and amend, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the u Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for muking and maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Colliers Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the said County; with an Amend-

ment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend " an Act, of the Seventeenth of King George the Se-H cond, intituled, An Act to amend and make more " effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds,

" and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses " of Correction," as relates to Soldiers and Mariners; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Bartholomew Val; to which the Lords

desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the T rial of JVarren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Hall. '

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Essex Roads Ordered, That Mr. do make the Report from

Bill reported, the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing several Roads in the County of Essex, was committed.

Mr. Pochin accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his I'lace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Haydnn A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the

Square, &c. Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, committed for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Yard,

Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading thereto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Afinories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of llis Majesty's Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-rearing, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Scotch Cre- An ingrossed Bill for rendering the Payment of

ditors Bill Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of pa»8cd. *

Mail A. 1793.

Great Britain called Scotland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain p

called Scotland. &

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Anstruther do carry the 0j

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. sj,

it

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee j0

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 00 Bill to y

upon the Bill to permit Goods and Commodities, of,

the Grow th, Production, or Manufacture of to be import- . tl Af rica, or America, legally imported into Ireland, to ed trom tc be imported from thence into Great , be now Ireland- ' £

read. , p

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. jj

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.; £

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow ‘

Morning. 1

° ai

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Bill for pa-the Report from the Committee of the whole House, venting bnb-to whom the Bill for the preventing of Bribery and budge Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in tion put of Parliament for the Borough of StocLbridge, in the fuxaMoutht. County of Southampton, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion w as made, and the Question being put,

That the said Report be now received;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

T

> a

OS (J c

s c

.1!, L

1

b

1 [Mr. Edward James 1 I

Tellers for the Yeas, -j 1 Eliot, [Mr. Buxton: J 33-

Tellers for the Noes, -j fSir Richard ] [Mr. Hussey: j \ 4i- 1

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this t

Day Three Months.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, accord- Lottery Bill [1

ing to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty & presented. v t

certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery: i

And the same was received; and read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentle- instruction men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a for making Bill pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon the 17th Day of this Instant May, w ere reported from the Com- ^ived by >i-mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Goodsduring to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Voyages; Twenty-seventh Year of the lteign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several " Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other " Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the stud " Duties, together with the other Duties composing the " Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of " cettain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Pro- j

4 " duce

ufam ' lk

% ft£

N cfte QGlf liu

33 Geo. III.

QTMaiL

807

.r«.

" duce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of " the French King, into this Kingdom; and for apply*ng certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the " Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, " to the Reduction of the National Debt," as relates to the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, and the Duties and Drawbacks on the Importation and Exportation of Virginal Wire of Brass, That they do make Provision in the said Bill to empower the Commissioners of the Customs to authorize their Officers to make Allowance for Damage received by Goods during the Voyage.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill to authorize the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to sell Vessels, liable to be broken up, to private

to be used at Persons, to be used as Privateers.

Privateers.

resolve itself- into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill respect-enable the Post Master General to send the Mail to ine the Spa-the Dominions of his Catholic Majesty on board of any Vessels authorized by his Catholic Majesty to carry the same: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Charles Long, and Mr. Henry Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Instruction for selling Vessels, liable tu be broken up,

Bill fur altering the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, &c. presented.

eve-

:ttd

ite

ro»

ir* v i.e.

dr

v

k L;.

Bill for re-ttfdying Inconveniences in the Courts in Wales, &c. passed.

ifl

Newfound-, land Judi-k" cature Bill committed.

Bill respecting forfeited Estates in Ireland committed.

Mr. Henry Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, and for granting and allowing other Duties and Draw backs in lieu thereof; for charging a Duty on the Importation, and allowing a Drawback on the Exportation, of Virginal Wire of Copper; for empow ering the Commissioners of the Customs to authorize their Officers to make Allowance for Damages received by Goods during the Voyage; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to sell Vessels, liable to be broken up, to private Persons, to be used as Privateers: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for remedying Inconveniences attending certain Proceedings in the Courts of Great Session in Wales, and in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Durham, and Lancaster, was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for remedying Inconveniences attending certain Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and for the County Palatine of Chester, in the Court of Common Pleas for the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the Court of Pleas for the County Palatine of Durham, and in the County Courts in Wales.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfounand the Islands adjacent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for vesting certain forfeited Estates in Ireland in His Majesty, subject to such Orders as shall be given by the Parliament of Ireland respecting the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Committee last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for re- on SuSar and " gulating the Allowance of the Draw back and Pay- Coffee Act'

" ment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar,

" and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and " Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in

"Foreign Ships," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve inself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the " Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee in the " Bahama and Bermuda Islands in Foreign Ships."

And Mr. Henry Hobart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance " of the Draw back and Payment of the Bounty on the " Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee, into the Bahama and " Bermuda Islands, in Foreign ShipsAnd that Air.

Henry Hobart, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, Instruction, who are appointed to prepare and bring in the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein for reducing the Bounty on refined Sugar, exported in any other than British Ships.

Pill to amend Sugar and Coffee Act ordered.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for securing the Rights of Patentees, in

Bill for securing the Rights of Patentees

certain Cases, from the Encroachments of Foreign- deferj.ed

ers

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, VOL. 48*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Bill for abo-

Reading of the Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on lishing the

for supplying Foreign Territories with Slavfcs. be now Trade for read. supplying

And the said Order being read accordingly; Tern Tories

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time with slave. Tomorrow Morning. deferred.

Mr.

Knottingley Inclosure Bill reported.

Dickenson's Leases Bill reported and passed.

Blackburne and Kent's Estate Bill reported*

27° Maii.

A. 1793.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds and Ings, or Meadow Grounds within the Township of Knotti, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, hid been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of die Committee (except the Proprietors of Common Rights; and that the whole Number of Common Rights are 60; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ipgrossed.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to empower William Churchill Dickenson, Esquire, to grant Building leases. Renewable Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee, of and upon all or any Part of the Estates at Chorlton Raw, devised by the Will of John Dickenson, Esquire, deceased, situate near the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Side of a Leasehold Estate, late of John Blackburne, Esquire, deceased, and of a Freehold and Leasehold Estate, late of Richard Kent, Esquire, deceased, and for the Application of the respective Purchase Monies, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followed); viz.

Pr. 10. 1. 20. Leave out from " Whereas" to " Parliament," in 1, 21. and insert " An Act was passed in this " Session of."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of John Tarleton, John Barnes, and Petition Richard Miles, on behalf of themselves and the Mer- th* chants of Liverpool, was presented to the House, and hshiuetoT* read; Taking Notice of the Bill for abolishing the Trade for Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories supplying with Slaves; and Setting forth, That the said Bill, if ^ore,8n passed into a Law, will be attended with the most fatal Wl Effects, not only to the African and West India Trade, but to the Manufactures, Commerce, and Navigation of this Country: That the Supply of Negro Labourers to the Foreign Colonies in the West Indies and America has been always considered as one of the Branches of the African Trade the most beneficial to this Country, the Merchandize employed in the said Trade being chiefly British Manufacture, the Navigation British, and the Returns generally in hard Specie, inso much that Government has always given every possible Protection and Encouragement to that Commerce, and, in particular, used very great Exertions to secure it exclusively to this Country at the memorable Treaty of Utretcht, and the Petitioners have, under such Protection and Encouragement, embarked very large Capitals in the Prosecution of that valuable Commerce, and they submit it to the Justice of the House, whether they ought not to receive a reasonable Compensation for the heavy Loss which they must sustain if they should be deprived of it: And Representing to the House, that an Attack upon so valuable a Part of the African Trade, at this late Period of the Session, is a very great Hardship, as the Petitioners can neither have sufficient Time to defend their Interests, nor can they benefit by the Deliberation of many of the Members of the House who have already left Town; and the Petitioners finally beg Leave to observe, that, while the present Bill would deprive this Nation of a most important Branch of its Commerce, it would not at the same Time have any Effect in the Attainment of that particular Object for which it is intended, it being utterly impossible, by any Law of this Country, to hinder the Foreign Settlements in the West Indies from obtaining Negro Slaves, the certain Consequence then would be the Transfer, not only of the Trade, but of the Traders, and their Capital, together with the Navigation, to Foreign Countries, who are ready with open Arms to receive them, and who hold out every Species of Allurement and Encouragement to settle in their Ports: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, and their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that they may receive such Compensation and further Relief, as to the Justice and Wisdom of the House may seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Brothertou whom the Bill for dividing, inclosing, stinting, regu-. inclosoreBiH lating, and otherwise improving, certain Lands and reP°r|«k Grounds in the Parish of Brotherton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except the Owners of 7 Common Rights, one Cattle Gate, and one Acre of Land in the Ings, who refused to consent to the Bill; and also, except the Owner of one Common Right who is insane; and that the whole Number of Rights of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed consist of 133, of

Cattle

809:

27° — 28°

Cattle Gates 90, and of 70 Acres of Lartd in the logs; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill): and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were. Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be ingrossed.

Skidby in- Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to closure Bill whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and rtporte ' Uninclosed Fields, and Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, Pastures and Wastes, within the Township of Skidby, in the Parish of . , in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Odiham and Mr. Chute reported from the Committee, to whom Alton Hoaii the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from bill reported. Odiham to Alton, in the County of Southampton, was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Gartside's Ordered, That Mr. Edward James Eliot do make Estate mu the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed passed^ a"d from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Gartside, Esquire, to grant and convey the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, for Building upon, reserving Rents, or to make Building Leases, of any Part of his settled Estate in Little Bolton, in the County of Lancaster, was committed.

Mr. Edward James Eliot accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Party concerned had given his Con-', sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward James Eliot do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Vol. 48.

The other Orders of the Day being read }'

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to Considera-the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and tion of E0"1* improving, certain Roads leading to and from the Towns. of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and and to Salford, War-

certain Places called The Broad Oak in and rington, &c.

Duxbwy Stocks, and also the Road from a Place called *il11 South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from erre '

thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, made hi Bill to amend, the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- j*r^eAct jesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce' c

" into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws " now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads iti " that Part of Great Britain called England, and for " other Purposes," be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mortis, 28# die Maii;

Anno 33* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

THE Managers appointed to make good . the Trial of Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings. tings, Esquire, being come from the Trial in minster Hall;

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Com-> smlthYTnia* mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, tees and Lord intituled, An Act for enabling the Trustees of Henry Amherst's Smith, Esquire, deceased, to accept a Grant of a Rent Exchange Charge or clear Annual Payment or Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be charged upon, and paid and payable at Michaelmas in every Year, by, and out of, a Messuage, Farm, and Lands, of the Right honourable.

Jeffery Lord Amhei'st, in the Parish of Horley, in the County of Surrey, in Exchange, for several Pieces or Parcels of Land situate, lying, and being, in Sevenoaks, in the County of Kent, inclosed from the Waste of the Manors of Sevenoaks and Knowle, or one of them, and to convey the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land to the said Jeffery Lord Amherst, and his Heirs, accordingly, was committed; That the Committee had' examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had' given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the: Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord Frederick Campbell do carry the - Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without: any Amendment

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing Essex Roads several Roads in the County of Essex, was read the' Bill passed. Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Western Part of the Parish of ShenJkld Xo Harwich and;

Rochford, and from Chelmsford to Ballingdon Bridge, < and from Margaretting to Malden, and from Colchester

9II to

Frodsham and Helsby Incbvsure Bill passed.

Cardington and Bariord Bridge Road Bill passed.

SirH. Bridge-man's Leases Bill committed.

Bewicke* Divorce Bill deferred.

Committee

on Newfoundland Judicature Bill.

810 28° Mali. A. 1793.

to Dedham Bridge, and from Le.vden to the East End of the Town of Haverill, and from High Garrett to Butmer Tie, and from Mark's Tey to Braintree, and from Little Waltham to the End of the Parish of Great and from Malden to Braintree, in the County of Essex.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Town and Lordship of Frodsham, and the Township of Helsby, in the Parish of Frodsham, in the County of Chester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Town and Lordship of Frodsham, and the Township of Helsby, in the Parish of Frodsham, in the County of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Crave do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the lleign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for repairing an'd widening the Road from the " Forty-eighth Mile Stone in the Parish of " in the present Turnpike Road between and

" Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for continuing " a Road from thence to the Great Northern Road " near Tcmsford Bridge, in the County of Bedford," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-' " pairing and widening the Road from the Fortyeighth Mile Stone in the Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike Road between Hitchin and " Bedford, to Great Barford Bridge, and for conti-u nuing a Road from thence to the Great Northern " Road near Temsford Bridge, in the County of Bedfordr

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread, Senior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Henry Bridgeman, Baronet, and, after his Death, other Persons, to grant Building Leases of his settled Estates at and near Bolton in Lee Moores, in the County of Lancaster, for long Terms of Years, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Whitbread, Mr. Cotes,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend ley John Bewicke, Clerk, with Mary Elizabeth, otherwise Mary Eliza Vaughan, his now Wife, and to enable hitn to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing Courts of Judicature in 12

tire Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next,

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of House to the House this Day, adjourn till Thursday Morning adjourn u> next. " J Thursday.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill re-upon the Bill for vesting certain forfeited Estates in j|"jj Ireland in His Majesty, subject to such Orders as shall £atates j„ be given by the Parliament of Ireland respecting the Ireland, same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mi*. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table, *

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Laws relative to the distilling, rectifying, compounding, vending, and retailing of Spirits in Scotland, and of the Exportation of made

Spirits from England into Scotland, and from Scotland into England.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Committee on Scotch Distillery Laws.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for re-the better Regulation of* Warehoused Tobacco: And 8ulation of that Mr. Rose and Mr. Henry Hobart do prepare, and ^^r^c"Uie<1 bring in, the same. ordered.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Spanish Mail Order, a Bill to enable the Postmaster General to send Bill preseut-the Mail to the Dominions of his Catholic Majesty, ecL on Board. of any Vessels authorized, by his Catholic Majesty, to carry the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.'

Sugar and Coflee Bill presented.

Anglesey Copper Mines Bill committed.

Consolidated fond Bill presented.

Bill for alter* ing the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, Arc. committed-

Motion for Bill to allow a Premium to Southern Whale Fishery Ships, to be considered in a Committee.

considered.

33 Geo. III. 280 Mail 811

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, A Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment " of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and " for permitting the Importation of Sugar and " Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in " Foreign Ships," and for reducing the Bounty on refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duties " upon Coals used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, u and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the " Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle of ,"

was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three: And the same waa received; and read the First Time.

Resdlved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing-the- Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, and for granting and allowing other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; for charging a Duty on the Importation, and allowing a Drawback on the Exportation, of Virginal Wire of Copper; for empowering the Commissioners of the Customs to authorize their Officers to make Allowance for Damages received by Goods' during the Voyage; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to sell Vessels, liable to be broken up, to private Persons, to be used as Privateers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to allow to Ships, carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery to the North of the Equator, the same Premium as they are now entitled to, if they do not pass the Equator;

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vol. 48.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the reported, said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to allow to Ships, carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery to the North of the Equator, the same Premium as they are now entitled to, if they do not pass the Equator.

And Mr. Henry Hobart moved the House accordingly-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill ordered, allow to Ships, carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery to the North of the Equator, the same Premium as they are now entitled to, if they do not pass the Equator: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bl*'fy upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty- j^*"jatio^ra first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- Act. tuled, " An Act for regulating the Importation and " Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty " on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on " British Com exported," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Oi'dered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and

Mr. Spranger:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the City of through

Droitwich, to Spadesbourne Bridge, within the Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Corwbit and Peakill) Weston, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Button, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Gottlieb Boccius; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act' for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Salt Marshes, Droves, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also.

The

The Lords have agreed to Worcester and Droit-wich Roads Bill.

South Holland Drain, age Bill.

Boccius's Nat. Bill.

Moulton Inclosure Bill.

Little Tew

Inclosure Bill.

Mil comb Tn-closure Bill, With Amend* men Is.

The Lords will proceed on W ednesday Seven-night on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

Committee appointed to consider the State of the Impeachment against Mr. Hustings.

Bill for abolishing the Trade for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves committed.

28° Mail

A. 1793.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Littk Tew, in the County of Oxford', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Gomroon Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Milcomb, in the County of Oxford; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Ivords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Wirren Hastings, Esquire, on Wednesday Sevennight, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 27th Day of May 1717, of the Message from the Lords relating to the appointing a Time for the Trial of Robert Earl of Oxford and Earl Mortimer-, and also, the several Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 30th Day of May and the 12th and 13th Days of June 1717, of the Proceedings in relation to the said Message from the Lords, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider the State of the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and report the same to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Burke, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Wilberforce, the Earl of Morninglon, Mr. J Mr. Ryder, Mr. Bakei', Mr. Powys, Mr. Charles Townshend, the Earl of Carysfort, Mr. William Smith, Mr. Dudley North, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Fox, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Windham, Mr. Grey, Mr. Dent, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Whitbread, Junior, Mr. Creive, Mr. IVigley, Mr. Richard Sulivan: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Eight of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to adjourn to such Times and Places as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House*

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

And the House being. informed, that Counsel attended for the Petition of John Tarleton, John Barnes, and Richard Miles, on behalf of themselves, and the Merchants of Liverpool;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel be now called in;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {£"*

[Mr. Dent:

Tellers for the Noes (Mr‘Dtmcombe' tellers for the JNoes, ^r. Robert Smith

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

25.

56.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Anstruther be added to the Committee who are appointed to consider the State of the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration. the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, and improving, certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called 77Broad Oak in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, and also the Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Age-croft Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersul Moor, to Singleton Brook, all. in the County Palatine of Lancaster, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr.5. 1. 11. Leave out from " Parliament" to " And," in 1. 26.

Pr. 15. 1. 6. Leave out from " required" to " and, " in 1. 15, and insert " to " continue the said Turnpike " and Turnpike Gate where it " now stands!."

Pr. 17. 1. 18. Leave ovit from " shall" to " continue," in 1. 20.

Pr. 20.. 1. 16. Leave out from " be" to " for," in 1. 20, and insert " continued " in Pendleton."

Pr. 28. 1. 23. Leave out from " taken" to " from," in L 26, and insert " at the several Turnpike Gates " to be erected or continued as " aforesaid, by such Person or " Persons as the said Trustees, " or any Five or more of them, " acting within their respective " Districts or Divisions shall."

1. 31. Leave out from " say" to " for," in Pr. 29, 1. 26.

Pr. 31. 1, 20. Leave out from " Number" to " which," in Pr. 33. 1. 27.

Pr. 36. 1. 14. After " Toll" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided also, and be it En-

" acted, That if at' any Time " within the Term hereby grant-' " ed, an Act shall be obtained . " for making a Turn puke Road " from Worsley to, or near to, Moses Gate, and such Road " shall be made accordingly, " no Person who shall have paid " Tolls for passing with any " Cattle, Carts, or Carriages, " through the last Toll Bar to " be erected on the said Road " towards Bolton, shall be liable " to the Payment of more than " One Half of the respective " Tolls hereby authorized to " be taken at Moses Gate, or " the Turnpike to be erected " in lieu thereof, in respect " of such Cattle, Carts, or Carriages,

Member added to Committee on Mr. Hastings's Impeachment.

Lords

Amendments to Salford,

W arrington, &c. Roads BiH put off for 3 Months.

33 Geo. III. 28° Mail

813

Pr. 43. I. 12.

Vol.48.

" riages, for passing and returning through the same, on " the same Day, with such Cattie, Carts, and Carriages, upon " producing a Ticket, denoting the Payment of such " Tolls."

Leave out from " Act" to " that," in Pr. 44. 1. n, and insert " or " which shall or may be collected under the Powers or " Authorities of this present " Act, shall be by the said " Trustees applied in the Manner after-mentioned; that is " to say, That out of the Monies already collected by virtue of the said former Act, or " to be collected by virtue or " under the Authority of this present Act, at the said Turnpike at Pendle, the Expences of procuring and passing this Act shall be first paid " and discharged, and that, after full Payment thereof, the . " Remainder of such Monies,

" and also the Monies or Tolls " already collected under the " Authority of the said former " Act, or to be collected under " the Authority of this present " Act, at each of the several and " respective Turnpikes or Turnpike Gates to be continued,

" erected, or set up, in the Man-<{ ner hereinbefore mentioned,

" and all Money borrowed on the " Credit thereof, severally and " respectively, shall be applied in " paying and discharging the Ex-,l pences of setting up or erecting such respective Turnpikes,

" and of erecting and providing " a Toll-house for the same re-,e spectively, and in paying off " and discharging all such Sums " of Money as are now due and " owing, or which shall hereafter be borrowed under the Authority of this Act, upon the' " Credit of the Tolls of such " Turnpikes respectively, and " all Interest now due, or hereafter to grow due, thereon, " until the same shall be fully " paid and satisfied, but so and " in such Manner nevertheless, " that no Part of the Sums or " Tolls collected, or to be collected, at any of the said " Turnpikes, shall lie applicable or applied in or towards " Payment of any Debt contracted at any other of the said " Turnpikes, or on Account of " the making of the several " and respective Roads in or " through the respective Districts or District to which the " others or other of the said respective Turnpikes belong or " appertain; and after full Payment and Satisfaction of all " such several Sums before-

mentioned, then that the Remainder of the said Monies " or Tolls collected, or to be " collected, at the said Tum-. " pike at , shall be, in

" the first Place, applied in and " upon the making, repairing, " and widening the said Road, " from the One Mile Stone, in " Salford aforesaid, to the Division of the Townships of " Pendlebury and; and

" that the Surplus of such Monies or Tolls, over and above " what shall be necessary, from " Time to Time, to keep the " same in effectual and complete Repair, if any such shall " remain, shall be divided into " Four equal Parts; Two Fourth " Parts thereof to be applied in " and upon Account of making, repairing, widening, and " maintaining the Road between the said Division of the " Townships of Pendlebury and " Swinton and the White Horse " in West One other

" Fourth Part in and upon Account of making, repairing, " and maintaining the Road from " Irlams o' th'Height to " Bridge, on the Road to Bolton; " and the remaining Fourth Part " in and upon Account of making, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from " the present Turnpike in Pendleton to the Division between " Cadishead and Lower Irlam, " the same to be divided unto " and among the several Townships, according to the Length " of the said Roads lying within " each."

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Salford, War-more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, &c*

certain Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, 0I^re<j> 1 Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, and also the Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agecroft Bridge over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr. Thomas Stanley and Mr. Blackburne do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley be added to the ed to Com-Committee who are appointed to consider the State of mitteeonMr. the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, Hastings'* and report the same to the House. i^nt^ "

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Bill to permit from the Committee of the whole House, to whom ^t*

the Bill to permit Goods and Commodities, of the ed from Ire-' Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Asia, Africa, land re-or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported, ported from thence into Great Britain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

9 X and

814

28° Man.

A. 1793.

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-tnents, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to *by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. Pearson, from Shipseniered the Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of t^cT Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; Indies from and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to Africa pre- their Order,

sented. An Account of all Ships that have entered Inwards

at the several Ports of the British West Indies, from Africa, between the 5th of January 1792 and the 5th of January 1793, distinguishing the Time of Entry, Ships Names, Tonnage, Masters Names, from what Place in Great Britain, Number of Mariners at the Time of the Ships Arrival, from what Part of the Coast of Africa, Number of Slaves taken on board, and of those who died On their Passage, together with the Number oh board at the Port of ner Arrival, particularizing their Sex, Height, &c.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lever's Leases Bill committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James Leoer, of in the County of

Lancaster, Esquire, to make Grants in Fee, and also, to grant Building Leases of certain Estates in the Township of Bolton le Moors, in the said County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Stanley, Mr. Blackburne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Motion for Bill to continue, and amend, Acts for regulating the shipping of Slaves, to be considered in a Committee.

A Motion being made, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the Shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa;

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Trafford's Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to

Leases Bill whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An reported, and <\ct to enable John Traff Esquire, and other Per-passed. £0ns after his j)eath, to make Leases of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Humphrey Trafford, Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, for Building upon, under reserved Bents, and also to grant Leases of certain Waste Moss Lands, in the said Counties, other Parts of the said devised Estates, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

1. 3. To leave out "make," and insert " grant" instead thereof.

1. 7* To leave out from " Building" to " and, " in 1. 8.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Greene's whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Leases Bil* Act to enable Mary Greene, Widow, and James Greene, Esquire, her Son, and the Survivor of them, to grant P and convey in Fee Farm, for the Purposes of Building, or to make Building Leases, for any Term of Years, of Messuages and Lands at Droy'lsden, Fails-worth, and Newton, in the County of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at die Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr, Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do make the Re- Newnbam's port from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill EsUte , Blli, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham, Esquire, in John Trayton Fuller,

Esquire, was committed.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dark) and for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and St. John's Division between William Thomas Darby, Esquire, and J Saint Andrew Saint John, Esquire, of divers Manors, mm Lands, and Hereditaments (heretofore the Estate of Richard Jackson, Esquire, deceased) in the several Counties of Norfolk, Essex, Surtry, Middlesex, and the City of London, and for limiting and settling the specific Parts thereof which, upon such Partition and Division, were allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

.a

s

-a

-r

Mjf

i'-fts,

An

ingrossed

Bill

for enlarging the Term and Seven®* Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An* Act

9 " for passed.

Caithness and Sutherland Statute Labour Bill passed.

Blackburne and Kent's Estate Bill passed.

Committee on Bill for securing the Rights of Patentees*

i( for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of Three Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads from Sevenoakes, Tunbridge Wells, and " Kipping's Cross, to Lamberhurs Pound, and Pullen's

Hill, in the County of Kent, and to Flimvell " in the County of Sussex, as relates to the Road leading from Sevenoakes Common, to Woodsgate, Tunbridge " Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County of " Kent,"so far as the said Act relates to the Road from Sevenoakes Common, to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectual, so much of Three " Acts of Parliament, fSr repairing the Roads from " Sevenoakes, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross,

" to Lamberhurst Pound, and Pullen's Hill, in the " County of Kent, and to Flimwell Vent, in the " County of Sussex, as relates to the Road leading " from Sevenoakes Common to Woodsgate, Tunbridge " Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County of " Kent," and for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for making effectual the Statute Labour, and for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the County of Caithness, and Part of the County of Sutherland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour, and for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour in certain Cases, and for otherwise regulating, making, Rnd repairing High Roads and Bridges in the County of Caithness.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late of John Blackburne, Esquire,: deceased, and of a Freehold and Leasehold Estate, late of Richard Kent, Esquire, deceased, and for the Application of the respective Purchase Monies, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the sapie, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for securing the Rights of Patentees, in certain Cases, from the Encroachments of Foreigners, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed

Vol. 48.

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday,

Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for better preventing of Bill for pre-Offences in setting Fire to, destroying, or damaging venting de* Ships, or other Vessels; and in forcibly obstructing damaging* 1 * the navigating of Ships, or other Vessels, or obstruct- Ships; &c. ing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful deferred. Occupations, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to His Majesty Lottery Bill a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be deferred, read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, made in Bill to amend the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Hi? present Ma- Sener*j[eAct jesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and re- de^red.6 " duce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws " now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in " that Part of Great Britain called England, and for " other Purposes," be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 30° die Maii;

Anno 33* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1793.

Praters.

MR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Dutchess of whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti- Chandos tuled, An Act for empowering the Committees, or Estate Committee, for the Time being, of the Estate of the reporte ' most Noble Anna Eliza, Dutchess of Chandos, a Lunatic, to make Leases of her Estate during her Lunacy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. 6. After "Time" insert "of."

1. 33. After " Persons" insert " or the " Survivor of them."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, accord- Sa|ford War. ing to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing, rington'&c. widening, and improving, certain Roads leading to and Roads Bill from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Presentfe<1-Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, and also the Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, over

Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the same was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.

30° M

A. 1793.

Glasgow Mr. William Mc Dfficall reported from the Com-

Church re- mittee, to whom the Bill for re-building the Tron

BilTrepomd. Church of the City of Glasgow, for opening certain p ' Streets in the City of for removing Obstructions in the Trongate Street, for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street, for regulating the Weight and Measure of Coals, and the Mode of carrying Wood and Timber on the Streets of the said City, for enlarging the Gaol or Tollbooth there, and for selling Part of the High, or Colton Green, and also the Glebes belonging to the Cures of the High Church, and of the Barony Parish adjoining thereto, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on itewicke's to resplve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Divorce 11. Upon jngr0SSed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve die Marriage of the Reverend Calverley John Bewicke, Clerk, with Mary Elizabeth, otherwise Mary Eliza Vaughan, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Heageand An ingrossed Bill for repairing, widening, altering, DuffieUiRoad and improving, the Road from Heage, in the County of Bill passed. Derby, through Belper, to in the said County, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 56. 1. 10. To leave out from " Act" to the End of Line 9. in Pr. 57.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, altering, and improving the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Belper, to Duffield, in the said County.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Knight's Estate Bill reported and passed.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates in Wiltshire, Somersetshire, and Gloucestershire, in Trustees, to the Uses of the Will of Jacob Knight, Esquire, deceased, in lieu of an Estate in Worcestershire, limited to such Uses by the said Will, and for vesting the Estate in Worcestershire in Warren Hastings, Esquire, in Fee Simple, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con-

sent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Amendments An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- }° )IlIc0, Dn, mon Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, agreed tL lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Milcomb, in the County of Oxford.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed); viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 40. Leave out from " inclosed" to " and, " in Pr. 20. 1. 1. and insert " and the Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, and other ancient Inclosures exonerated " from Tythes, as hereinbefore " is mentioned."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, Swindon to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain inclos Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and reporl Liberty of Swindon, in the Parish of Womborne, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee 1 had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

.-a

and

t

of

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, Canaron improving, and regulating, the Harbour of Carnarvon, Harbour Bill in the County of Carnarvon, was read the Third passtd' Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating, the Harbour of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging, deepening, cleans- Amlttk ing, improving, and regulating, the Harbour of Harbour Bill Amlwch, in the Isle of Anglesey, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed ‘Ml4

to be made to the Bill; viz. '''*

Pr. 16. 1. 30. To leave out from " Vessel" to " charged," in 1. 35.

Pr. 17-

Valle's Nat- Bill read.

Penistone Bridge, &cc. Roads Bill committed.

Dean and Chapter of Canterbury Leases Bill reported, and passed.

Complaint of an Omission and Erasure in the Chelmsford Navigation Bill.

Committee appointed to enquire into it.

33 Geo. III.

300 Mail.

8 IT

Pr. 17. 1. 13. To leave out from the Beginning of the Line to " and, " in 1.19.

Pr. 24. 1. 22. To leave out from " Act " to " And," in 1. 27.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Ques- < tion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accord-

ingly.

Re,

lesolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating, the Harbour of , in the

Isle of Anglesey.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Bartholomew Valle, was read the First Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Penistone Bridge, in the County of York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby, and the Roads severally leading from , over

Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide Post on Thornhill Moor, to or near the Eighth Mile Stone on Moor,

and to the Village of Darwent, in the said County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Mr. Adams, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant Building Leases to Mr. Francis batt, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Watson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the said County, be now taken into Consideration;

And a Complaint being made to the House, by a Member in his Place, of an Omission having been made in the said ingrossed Bill of the Name of One of the Commissioners, which was inserted on the Report of the said Bill; and also, that the Names of Two Proprietors, inserted by this House, appeared to have been erased from the said ingrossed Bill;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Vol. 48.

And a Committee was appointed of the Ear! of Carhampton, Mr. Bramston, Sir John Jerois, Mr. Hussey, Mr. Randyll Burch, Mr. Strutt, Sir George Jackson, Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Crickett, Mr. Gascoyne,

Mr. Estwick, Sir William Mordaunt Milner, Mr. Courtenay: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to send for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to respect. whom the Bill for amending and altering an Act, ing Statute made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Labour re-Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and peorte^

" reduce into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes [9

" now in being, for the Amendment and Preservation of the Public Highways within that Part of " Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Personal Labour thereby required from Labourers in Husbandry not occupying Lands, Tenements, Woods,

Tythes, or Hereditaments, of the Yearly Value of Four Pounds, but wholly getting or obtaining their Living by such Labour, and also, so far as relates to the Notice required by the said Act to be given to Persons liable to perform the Duty or Labour, thereby directed to be done, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, Bill to enable to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, the Bishop of An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Ely to sell the , Castle of Wisbech Saint Peters, in the Isle of Ely, in vvisbechSt. the County of Cambridge, and the Gardens and Ap- Peter's r»-purtenances thereunto belonging, and for applying ported, and the Money to arise from such Sale in Manner therein Pa$,e<1-mentioned, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, w upon the Bill, requiring and authorizing Charles Gil- Money Bill. bert, Esquire, Treasurer of the Eastern Division, and the Reverend Francis Tutti, the legal Representative of Randolph Tutti, deceased, late Treasurer of the Western Division of the County of Sussex, to pay certain Sums of Money received by them, the said Treasurers, or either of them, on Account of the not raising the Militia of the said County, into the Public Stocks of the said Divisions, to be applied as therein is directed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Ordered, That the Report, which was made from Report

9 Y the referr#A

818 30° Mail . 1T93.

the Committee, to whom the Petition of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County of Sussex, met and assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at Chichester, in and for the Western Division of the said County, the 14th Day of January, and at Lewes, in and for the Eastern Division of the said County, the 17th Day of January 1793, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Aldridge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Aldridge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Report from Mr. Charles Tmnshend reported from the Com-

to°consider w were appointed to consider the State of the State*of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire,

the impeach- and report the same to the House; That the Comment against mittee had considered the Matter to them referred, Mr. Hastings. an(j had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have made Enquiry into the Matter referred to them, and find, from a Consideration of the Defendant's Case having been closed sooner than there was reason to expect, and of the Time which will be requisite for printing such Part of the Evidence as is not yet printed, as well as for copying out the Speeches of the Counsel on the different Charges, that the Managers can, in rto Case, be sufficiently prepared to begin their Reply at the Time appointed by the Lords for further Proceeding in the Trial. That the Managers, waiving their Right to make a general Opening (which they have informed your Committee they are ready to do for the Sake of Dispatch, though it is not otherwise the most desirable Mode of conducting the Cause) may be able to begin their Reply on the Benares Charge oh Wednesday Sevennight, the 12th Day of June, but that the necessary Materials will not be ready, so as to enable the Managers to reply on any of the other Charges, till a considerably later Period, probably not less than Four or Five Weeks from this Time.

Message to A Motion was made, and the Question being put, the Lords to That a Message be sent to the Lords, acquainting put off Mr. them with the Reasons why this House cannot pro* Trial'"68 ceed on the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, at the

Time appointed; and to desire, that the same may be put off to a farther Day;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

(Mr. Charles Tokens- )

Tellers for the Yeas, \ hend, Mr. St. John> \ 87-

Tellers for the Noes, fMr. Wigley, 1 (Mr. Burton: J f 42.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this be the Message;

The Commons acquaint your Lordships, That, from a Consideration of the Case of Warren Hastings,

Esquire, having been closed sooner than there was Reason to expect, and of the Time which will be requisite for printing such Part of the Evidence as is not yet printed, as well as for copying out the Speeches of the Counsel on the different Charges, the Managers

7

can, in no Case, be sufficiently prepared to begin their Reply at the Time appointed by your Lordships for further proceeding in the Trial; and therefore, they desire that the same may be put off to a farther Day;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " as well as for " copying out the Speeches of ths Counsel on the " different Charges."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That this be the Message;

The Commons acquaint your Lordships, That, from a Consideration of the Case of Warren,

Esquire, having been closed sooner than there was Reason to expect, and of the Time which will be requisite for printing such Part of the Evidence as is not yet printed, the Managers can, in no Ca$e, be sufficiently prepared to begin their Reply at the Time appointed by your Lordships for further proceeding in the Trial; and therefore, they desire that the same may be put off to a farther Day.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Townshend do carry the said Message to the Lords.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for posed. That the Managers of the Impeachment against laying before Warren Hastings, Esquire, do prepare, and lay before the House, a Statement of the Proceedings on the she p^eed-Trial of the said Impeachment* together with an Ac- ings on the count of the Circumstances which have occurred irt the Trial of Mr. Course of the said Trial, with such Observations as may Ha^n6s-tend to the Explanation of the same;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, (Mr. Michael Angelo I \ Taylor, (Mr. LambtOn: ' 69*

Tellers for the Noes, /Mr. Hyde East, 1 iMr. Sumnet': i " 69.

And the Members being equal, Mn Speaker said, That as the Original Motion appeared to have been made in Conformity to the Wishes of the Managers appointed to conduct the Impeachment against Mr. Hastings, he thought it entitled, in a peculiar Degree, to the Attention of the House. — In Consequence of some Observations which had been made with respect to the Proceedings on the Trial, they had desired Permission to lay before the House an Account of those Proceedings, together with such Remarks as they might judge necessary to explain them: He concurred with those who were of Opinion that such a Request should be edmplied with, particularly as in the Conduct of the Managers, the Honour of the House was materially involved. That whilst the Managers enjoyed the Confidence of the House in their present arduous and important Trust, they might justly consider themselves as entitled to its Protection and Support, and they might therefore reasonably hope for the Concurrence of the House in a Motion, the immediate Object of which was to state all the Circumstances of the Trial, upon which alone a proper Judgment could be formed of their Conduct in the Course of it; and therefore he declared himself with the Yeas.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question being put, That the Managers of the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, do prepare, and lay before the House, a Statement of the Proceedings on the Trial of the said Impeachment, together with an Account of the Circumstances which have occurred in the Course of the said Trial,

with

Report of Message to the Lords for putting off Mr. Hastings's Trial.

The Lords will proceed on Monday Sevennight on Mr. Hastings's Trial.

The Lords have agreed

to

Bill to continue Act for encouraging the Manufacture of Sail Cloth.

Spalding, Moulton, &c. Embanking and Drainage Bill.

Ipswich Paving Bill.

Willoughby on the Woulds Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

King's Message respect* ing Lord Rodney's Annuity.

819

with such Obsenrations ta tnay tehd to the Explanation of the sdme;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. Whitbread, Ju- ]

Tellers fdr the Yeas, < hior, > 67.

[ Mr. Johti Stnyih: J

teltos for the Noes, { }v-

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported to the House, That he had, according to their Order, been at the Lbrds, and delivered the Message to thetn, desiring that the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, may be put

off to a farther Day; and that their Lordships gave for Answer, that they Would send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

third Year of His Majesty's Reign to the said Lord Rodney, and to the Two next Persons on whom the Title of Lord Rodney should descend, should be further continued to the Persons on whom the Title of Lord Rodney shall hereafter descend; but His Majesty not having it in His Power to extend the said Grant) beyond the existing Term, recommends it to His faithful Commons to consider of a proper Method of extending and securing the same, in such Manner as shall be thought most effectual for the Benefit of the Heirs of the said Lord Rodney, on whom the said Title shall descend.

R.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take his Majesty's said most Gracious Message into Consideration.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Spranger:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday Sevennight, St Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in Westminster Hall And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Dill, intituled, An Act for fhrther Continuing and amending an Act, fnadein the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture " of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties how payable on Foreign Sail " Cloth imported into this Kingdorhwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for embanking and draining certain Salt Marshes and LoW Lands within the several Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, and Gedney, in the County of Lincdln, and for preventing the same Marshes and Lands from being Overflowed with the Sea; and for altering an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ihtltuled, " An Act " for dividing and inclosing the Commons, Marshes, " Drovfis, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the Parish " of Gedney, and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney Fen, " in the County of Lincolnwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein; without any Afnendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parish of WillO'Ughby on the Woulds, in the County of Nottingham', with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the ‘ House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of tire House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty, being desirous that the Annuity of Two Thousand Pounds, which, in Consequence of the eminent and signal Services performed by the late Lord Rodney, was granted by an Act of the Twenty-Vol. 48.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for ren-rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session deri"g IJ*ore of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His commercial Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a Credit Act " limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Man- ordered.

" ner, therein mentioned And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr.

Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty's Interest is King'* Con-concerned in the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common and Waste Lands, in the Silken In-Parishes of Llarfferres, in the County of Denbigh, and closure Bill. Kilken, in the County of Flint; which Bill Was, upon the 17th Day of this Instant May, reported from the Committee to whom the same had beeri committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (by His Majesty's Command) acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill; gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty's Interest is concerned, that foe House may do therein as they shall think fit

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Bill for ren-House, according to Order, a Bill for rendering more dering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, *feclual . intituled, An Act for enabling His Majesty to di- credit Ac't " rect the Issue of Exchequer Bills to a limited Amount, presented.

" for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Committee to resolve itself into'a Committee of the whole House, Famham upon the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be gjj* ryl e paid for the Tythe of Hops planted in Fields in the Parish of Famham, in the County of Surrey;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

48.

Lord William Russell,

Mr. William Clement Finch:

' Mr. Serjeant Watson, 1 Sir William Dolben:J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.

30° Mai*.

A. 1793.

Mr. Sfftfafor left the Chair.

Mr. Sumner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sumner reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Lottery Bill Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second committed. Reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Kewfound-land Judicature Bill deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Nacfoundland, and the Islands adjacent, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill respect- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third ing forfeited Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for vesting cer-freknd 10 t®*0 ^or^e*tec^ Estates in Ireland in His Majesty, sub-

P„mtj ject to such Orders as shall be given by the Parliament of Ireland, respecting the same, be now read.

And the stud Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain forfeited Estates in Ireland, subject to the Disposition of the Parliament of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Report Mr. Serjeant Watson, according to Order, reported

S.®®tch Di» — ''from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it til ery Laws. was referre(j to consider of the Laws relative to the distilling, rectifying, compounding, vending, and retailing of Spirits in S, ana of the Exportation of British made Spirits from England into Scotland, and from Scotland into England, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Annual Duty of Nine Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still used in distilling Worts, Wash, or Low Wines, from Malt, Corn, Grain, or British Materials, in the Low Lands of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resohoed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Annual Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still used in distilling Worts, Wash, or Low Wines, from Me-lasses or Sugar, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Annual Duty of Eighteen Pounds Gallon

be charged upon the Contents of every Still used in distilling Worts, Wash, or Low Wines, from Foreign Refused Wine, or Foreign Materials (except Melasses or Sugar) in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

.Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Annual Duty of Nine Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still used in distilling Worts, Wash, or Low Wines, from Malt, Corn, Grain, or British Materials, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be exported to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Annual Duty of Nine Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still used in rectifying or compounding Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be exported to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Annual Duty of Fifteen Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still used in distilling Worts, Wash, or Low Wines, from Melasses or Sugar, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be exported to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is . the Opinion of this Committee, That an Annual Duty of Eighteen Pounds per Gallon be charged upon the Contents of every Still used in distilling Worts, Wash, or Low Wines, from Foreign Materials (except Melasses or Sugar) in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be exported to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Three Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny per Gallon be laid upon all Spirits brewed or made from Malt, Corn, Grain, Melasses, or Sugar, or British or Foreign Materials, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be imported into England from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said -Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severalty put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon the 16th Day of this Instant May, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties on Coals brought Coastwise into any Port of Scotland, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do bring in a Bill, or Bills, upon the said Resolutions reported on the 16th Day of this Instant May.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, or in one of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions now reported and agreed to by the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Bill for Rc-

Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of Warehoused g"l»tfoo of Tobacco: And the same was received; and read the ^*eh°u#*d

Tobacco,

First Time. presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Southern

a Bill to allow to Ships, carrying on the Southern Whale Whale Fish-Fishery to the North of the Equator, the same Premium P^"‘nu|B as they are now entitled to, if they do not pass the ed *>re*n" Equator: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to ScotchCosli, Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties on Coals, Culm, Spirit* and Cinders, brought or carried Coastwise into Scotland, and for granting other Duties on Licences to p

sell

Sugar and Coffee Bill committed.

Bill for securing the Rights of Patentees reported.

Consolidated Fund Bill committed.

Spanish'Mail Bill committed.

Bill for Encouragement of Seamen deferred.

33 Geo. III. 30* Mail

821

sell certain distilled Spirituous Liquors, in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second Reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, " and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and " Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in " Foreign Ships," and for reducing the Bounty on refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for securing the Right of Patentees, in certain Cases, from the Encroachments of Foreigners, was committed.

Mr. Bernard accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill t 6enable the Post Master General to send the Mail to the Dominions of his Catholic Majesty, on Board of any Vessels authorized, by his Catholic Majesty, to carry the same, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Bill to amend to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Act festive to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of tiers of Time King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the and Place of " further regulating Elections of Members to serve Election dein Parliament, and for the preventing irregular ferred*

" Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the " electing and returning such Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for &1-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon !5n"Sthe the Bill for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, Drawbacks and for granting and allowing other Duties and Draw- on Figs, backs in lieu thereof; for charging a Duty on the Im- deferred, portation, and allowing a Drawback on the Exportation, of Virginal Wire of Copper; for empowering the Commissioners of the Customs to authorize their Officers to make Allowance for Damages received by Goods during the Voyage; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to sell Vessels, liable to be broken up, to private Persons, to be used as Privateers;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Bill for abo-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supptying supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves; Foreign Ter-

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, ritonesth resolve itself into the said Committee. ? aye.,> de*

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon Tuesday last, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping arid carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Edward James Eliot reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee

on Motion for Bill to continue, and amend, Acts for regulating the shipping of Slaves.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill for better preventing of Of- Bill for presences in setting Fire to, destroying, or damaging venting de-Ships, or other Vessels; and in forcibly obstructing the navigating of Ships, or other Vessels, or obstructing shipsffc* Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occu- deferred, pations, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 48.

Veneris, 31° die Maii;

Anno 33* Georgii IIItu Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

Petition from A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, anji the Corpora- f\ Bqrgesses, of the Town of , in the East

*ding of the County of York, under their Common HoUym'and Seal, was presented to the House, qn4 read; Taking Witherusea Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open I "closure Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, within the

Bl11, several Townships of and Witherusea, in the

Parjsh of Hollym, in the East Riding of the Coupty of York, and for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Jownship^; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Patron? of the Vicarage of Hollym, and Robert Barker, Clerk, is Vicar, and, In Right of his said Vicarage, is entitled to the Tythe of Corn, and to all the Snaall Tythes within the Township of Hollym (the Tythes of Hay, WJiins, Wool, anjd Lamb, only excepted); and that tbp said Bill contains Provisions injurious to the Rights of the Petitioners, and, if the same should pass into a Law, their Property, as Patrons of the said Living, will be greatly diminished: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the samp may not pa?s into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tablp, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Petition from A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and Vic-

Gloucester tuallers, of the City of Gloucester, was presented to the Pennhe"8 House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners feel themselves aggrieved by the Refusal of the Officers of the Excise to grant sufficient Time in Permits for the Removal of Goods, whereby their Property is exposed to frequent Seizures, and they involved in much Trouble and Expence to regain it: That the Time generally granted for the Water Conveyance of Goods from Bristol to Gloucester, Fifty Miles, is Two Days, more than which-i? positively refused, although it rarely happens that the Voyage is accomplished in less than Three Days, and it is frequently not possible to compleat it in less than a Week: That the 26th of George the Third, Cap. 59. Sect. 36. in Cases of Seizure by the Officers of the Excise, where the Goods are not delivered within the Time limited by the Permit, hath prescribed a summary Mode of Procedure for the Adoption of the Petitioners, equally calculated for the Protection of the Revenue and the Redress of the injured fair Trader, but the Benefit of the said salutary Clause cannot be extended without the Aid of the House to investigate Seizures made by Officers of the Customs i and that a Difficulty hath arisen with respect tq the Computation of the Time granted by Permits, that is to say, Whether the Time specified, i£ for Instance, Two Days, is to be deemed inclusive or exclusive of the Day upon which the Permit is granted, and if jt be deemed exclusive, whether the Point of Computation, as in otjher Cases legally decided, does not commence immediately after Twelve o'Clock of the Night of the Day of the Date of the Permit; and that the present Practice of the Officers of the Excise is to subdivide the Days into Hours in the Permit, notwithstanding Hours are not mentioned in the Grant of Time for conveying the Goods, in doing of which it is respectfully submitted that they impose a Fetter upon Trade, invert the Maxim, that Penal Laws should receive a liberal Construction in favour of the Petitioners, and oppose the Common Law of the Kingdom, which admits not of the Fraction of a Day: And

W Mail 4- 1T93,

therefore praying. That the House will take Jfteir Petition into Consideration, and frame such Measures for redressing the Evil as their Wisdom shall suggest Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dutchess 0; for empowering the Committees, or Committee, for Chandos' the Time being, of the Estate of the most Noble Anna Bl11 Eliza Dutchess of Chandos, a Lunatic, to make Leases p of her Estate during her Lunacy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lords tile Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- Amendments tuled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parish \VouldsIn-of Willoughby on the JVouldsin the County of Not- closure Bill tingham. *gree<110-

And the said Amendment? were read; and are as followed; viz.

Pr. 28, 1. 11. Le?ve put from "said" to "Julius," in 1. 13.

Pr. 29. 1. 13. Leave out from " sai4" to " ,"

in 1. 14,

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint thetq, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Llanferres certain Common and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of and Killeen Llanferres, in the County of Denbigh, and in Inc'°^re Bl11

the County of Flint, was read the Third Time. p

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Llanferres, in the County of Denbigh, and Kilken, in the County of Flint.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Walker and The Lords Mr. Spranger: have agrW(J

Mr. Speaker, to*

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made Amendments by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable toTrafford's John Trafford, Esquire, and other Persons after his Leases®'11-Death, to make Leases of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Humphrey Trafford, Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, for Building upon, under reserved Rents, and also to grant Leases of certain Waste Moss Lands in the sard Counties, other Parts of the said devised Estates: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made Amendments by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale toBlackbsme of a Leasehold Estate, late of John Blackbume, ^j^Biii Esquire, deceased, and of a Freehold and Leasehold Estate, late of Richard Kent, Esquire, deceased, and fojr the Application of the respective Purchase Monies.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, stinting, Brotlmton regulating, and otherwise improving, certain Lanas inclosure and Grounds in the Parish of Brotherton, in the West Bill pass«d.

Rifling

S3 Gw. III. 31" Man. 823

Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide he, An Act for dividing, inclosing, stinting, regulating, and otherwise improving, certain Lauds and Grounds in the Parish of Brother ton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill tp

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Knottioglcy Ao ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Inclosure Bill Commons and Waste Grounds ana Ings, or Meadow pwse. Qrounds, within the Township of , in the

West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Qrounds end Ings, or Meadow Grounds, within the Township of Knottingley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to thp Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

SouthLurn An ingrpssed J Bill for dividing, inclosing, and improv-inclosure Bill j„g the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Wastes within the Township of in the Parish of

J&rkbum, in the past Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Southbum, in the Parish of in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. I do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Speston An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

1 assed"* Open Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the passe. Township of Spceton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Speeton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. IVUberforce do carry the Rill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

of the Reiga of His present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, H Yard, Yard,

Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise The Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein or leading thereto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity in the Minories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and Setting forth, That a Part of the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be very injurious to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against so much of the said Bill as affects their Rights apd Interests, and that they may have such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; apd that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act " for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals " used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and " in pire Engines for draining Water out of the " Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle of Anglesey.''

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Vansittart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Vansittart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Sussex Mili- Mr. Aldridge, according to Order, reported from tk Money the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill, reported, fgqyjjing authorizing Charles Esquire,

Trepsqrer of the Eastern Division, and the Reyerend Francis Tutte, the legal Representative of Randolph TuttS, deceased, late Treasurer of the Western Division of the County of Sussex, to pay certain Sums of Money received by them, the said Treasurers, or either of them, qn Accoqpt of the not raising the Militia of the said County, into the Public Stocks of the said Divisions, to be applied as therein is directed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Plane; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ip at the Clerk's Table: Where ti^e Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time One by Ope; apd, ypon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

East India Company's A Petition of the United Company of Merchants p«tiuoa of England trading to the East Indies, was presented to d^'son^Y" House, apd.read; Taking Notice of the Bill to ex,-kc.picta and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year Bili. Vol. 48.

Mr. Attorney General, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; apd afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; apd then a Second Time, One by Qpe; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain and " amend an Act of the Seventeenth of King George " the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make

" more

Committee

On Anglesey Cop per Mines Bill.

Newfoundland Judicature Bill reported.

House to adjourn to Monday.

Bill to repeal so much of Vagabonds, &c. Act as relates to Soldiers ami Mariners read.

Bill for Regulation of Warehoused Tobacco committed.

Bill for rendering more effectual Commercial Credit Act committed.

Committee on Spanish Mail Bill.

Mr. Strother's Petition for Leave to present a Petition for admitting a Cargo of Tobacco to Entry on Payment of the lower Duty.

31° Man.

A. 1793.

more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to " Houses of Correction," as relates to Soldiers and Mariners, was read the First Time.

Resobed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for the better Regulation of Warehoused Tobacco, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resobed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue " of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the " Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable the Post Master General to send the Mail to the Dominions of his Catholic Majesty, on Board of any Vessels authorized, by his Catholic Majesty, to carry the same, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Captain Berkeley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Captain Berkeley reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of Arthur Strother, Agent on Behalf of his Catholic Majesty, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, in or about the Month of February last, a Cargo of Tobacco, the Produce of West Florida, was brought, on Board a Spanish Ship called the San Juan Bauptista, from New Orleans into the Port of Plymouth; and that Application was made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, stating, that the said Cargo was originally intended for Nantz, in the Kingdom of France, but the same was brought into the Port of Plymouth on Account of the Hostilities between Spain and that Country, with a Request that the said Cargo might be admitted to an Entry in this Kingdom as Tobacco imported from the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and the Lords of the Treasury directed that the said Cargo should be admitted to Entry on the Payment of the Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence per Pound Weight, being the Duty payable on Tobacco of the Growth or Production of His Majesty's Colonies in America, or the United States of America, on Condition that Security should be given to His Majesty for the Payment of the Duty of Three Shillings and Six

Pence per Pound Weight on the said Tobacco, unless Provision should be made by Parliament for admitting the same on the lower Duty: And therefore praying, That he may have Leave to present a Petition for admitting the said Tobacco to Entry on Payment of the lower Duty, notwithstanding the Time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills is elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave given. Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired by the said Arthur Strother.

Then a Petition of Arthur Strother, Agent on Behalf Mr. Stro-of his Catholic Majesty, was presented to the House, tiler's Ped-and read j Containing the same Allegations as the last tion* preceding Petition: And praying, That Provision may be made in the Bill now depending for the better Regulation of Warehoused Tobacco for admitting the said Tobacco to Entry on Payment of the lower Duty, or that such other Relief may be given in the Premises as 'to the House may seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Rose, Mr. Henry Hobart, kc.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Debates on posed, That, by the general Improvement which has Motions retaken Place in the Gaols and Bridewells throughout Convicu ad-the Kingdom, the Punishment of Convicts by Imprison- j0Umed. ment and hard Labour on Board of Vessels in the River Thames, and elsewhere, is rendered unnecessary, and ought to be discontinued;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the promiscuous Confinement of Felons under Sentence in Newgate, and other Gaols destined for accused Persons only, and likewise on Board of Hulks for several Mouths, until Ships are ready for their Transportation, is impolitic, and productive of many evil Consequences;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That a proper Prison should be provided for the Reception of such Felons immediately after their Conviction, with working Rooms for Select Companies, and separate Apartments during the Hours of Rest;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Distance of the Settlements at Sydney and Norfolk Island, the Length and Peril of the Voyage, the Expence of conveying and maintaining them when there, is so great, as to make it adviseable to send thither only such as shall be sentenced to Transportation during their Lives, or at least for the Term of Fourteen Years;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to Committee enquire into the Matter of the Complaint made Yes- onComplaiot terday to the House, respecting the Bill for making and Chelmsford maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, the Navigation Town of Chelmsford, in the bounty of Esses, to a Bill to nt

Place Tomorrow.

33 Geo. III.

31° M

m

Place called Colliers ,in or near the River Bladavater, in the said County, have Leave to sit Tomorrow, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Bill to enable Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

\VaksT«e *° ena^e His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales make Leases, to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, ic.of the and Hereditaments, ' Parcel of His said Royal High-Dutchy of ness»s Dutchy of Cornwa, or annexed to the same, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Anslruther and Mr. John Viltiers do prepare^ and bring in, the same.

Cornwall ordered.

Motion for a Committee to enquire respecting the Provisions cade by Parliament at the Resolution in 1688,&c.

Ntg.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That a Committee of this House be appointed to enquire whether any and which of the Provisions made by Parliament in the Reign of William and , and in the Reign of William the Third, for securing the responsible Exercise of the Executive Authority; for securing a real, independent, and faithful Representation of the Commons in Parliament; and for securing a fair and impartial Administration of Justice in the Courts of Law; whether any and which of these have, by any Means, been invalidated or taken away: And to consider whether any and which of these lost or invalidated Provisions may be fit to be re-enacted and restored, in order that the People of this Land may recover that Situation and Security in which we were placed by the Glorious Resolution in 1688;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yea}

Tellers for the Noes, i

So it passed in the Negative.

11.

7i-

Committee on King's Mes-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House sa e rrs ect- *° reso^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ingUrd to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gra-ttudney's cious Messsage of Yesterday, be now read.

Annuity. And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That His Majesty's said most Gracious Message be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Committee Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill °" Batp... for enlarging the Term granted and continued by «it To- 1 to several Acts passed for repairing and enlarging the morrow. Highways between the Top of Kingsdoum Hill and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways leading to the said City, and also for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, and for repealing the several Powers contained in the said Acts, and granting others instead thereof, for the Improvement and Repair of the said Roads, is committed, have Leave to sit Tomorrow, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Committee on Walcot Paving, &c. Bill to sit To-morrow#

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Public Places, within such Part of the Parish of Vol. 48.

Walcot, in the County of Somerset, as is not within the Circuit, Precinct, and Jurisdiction, of the City of Bath, in the same County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, and Carts, within the same Part of the said Parish, is committed, haye Leave to sit Tomorrow, notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Bilitoamehd from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Corn Regular Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation t: of Corn, and the ^Payment of the Duty on Foreign " Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn " exported," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Fo. 16. 1. ult. by leaving out the Words " or " the taking out of Warehouse for Home Consumption."

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Edward James Eliot, according to Order, re- Report on ported from the Committee of the whole House, to Motion for whom it was referred, to consider of the Motion made ^',„ptoa„in* upon Tuesday last, That Leave be given to bring in a amend, acu Bill to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, forregolating several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of 31avtS-Africa, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa.

And Mr. Edward James Eliot moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill ordered, continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa: And that Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir William Dolben, and Mr. Wilbeiforce, do prepare and bring in, the same.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for making Compensation to such Persons as are at present concerned in the said Trade and who shall 6ufier any Loss or Detriment in their said Trade by Means of the Provisions of the said

Bill; *

.10 A . The

Motion for an Instruction to Committee on Bill for abolishing the Trade for supplying Foreign T enitories with Slaves, Neg.

626 31° Mail.

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, /Mr. Hyde East, [Mr. Dent 10.

Tellers for the Noes, /Mr. Ryder, [Mr. Jenkinson: }s.

So it passed in the Negative.

A. 1793.

Committee on Bill for abo^shing the Trade for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves.

Ordered, That the Order of ffie Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

f Mr. Matthew Mon-1 \ tagu,

[Mr. John Smyth

Tellers for the Noes,

Tellers for the Yeas,

52.

/Mr. Jenkinson, s' [Mr. Hyde East:

17-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Dolben took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Southern A Bill to allow to Ships, carrying on the Southern Whale Fish- Whale Fishery to the North of the Equator, the same erjr Premium Premium as they are now entitled to, if they do not rnmm.t. t^e Equ&tor, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

-3* Junii.

And the said Order being read accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tell, for the VM„ } *

Tene„ for the Noe, { } <7-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sumner took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker (without a Question first put) till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 3° die Junii;

Anno 33® Georgii III'" Regis, 1793.

Bill committed.

Committee on Lottery Bill.

Committee an Farnhain Hop Ty the Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops planted in Fields in the Parish of Farin the County of Surrey, be now read.

Phayebs.

A MESS AGE by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gen- Royal Asmi tleman Usher of the Black Rod: to Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal, was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of Fork, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Brilsin, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the Said Bills; and that the Lord Ardhtrishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Earl Graham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act to allow the Drawback of the Duties of Customs and Excise upon Wines consumed by Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers, on Board Ships of War in actual Service, and to allow such 'Ships to be supplied with Tobacco Dutyfree.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty, seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, m Foreign Ships, into and from certain Ports and Places in the Wttst Indies; and for amending so much of an Act, made 03 i‘>

1

in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to permitting the Importation of Sugar into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships; and so much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-eighth and Thirty-first Years of His present Majesty's lleign, as prohibits the Importation of Timber into any Island under the Dominion of His Majesty, in the West Indies, from any Foreign Colony or Plantation in the West Indies or South America; and so much of the said Act, made in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as prohibits the Importation of Pitch, Tar, and Turpentine, into Nova Scotia, or Nerv Brunswick, from any Country belonging to the United States of America:

An Act for further continuing and amending an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture " of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual " securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail " Cloth imported into this Kingdom

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Landing Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations before Payment of the Duties of Excise; to the giving further Encouragement to the Importation of Naval Stores from the British Colonies in to

the granting Liberty to carry Sugars of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of His Majesty's Sugar Colonies directly to Foreign Parts, in Ships built in Great Britain, and navigated according to Law; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies', to the granting a Bounty on certain Species of British and Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yams made of Flax; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made. Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures to go into Parts beyond the Seas; to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarks Hydrometer; and to revive and continue an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain

An Act for requiring a certain Form of Oath, of Abjuration, and Declaration, from His Majesty's Subjects, professing the Roman Catholic Religion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act to continue, and amend, an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the u Trade or Business of Pawnbrokers

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for consolidating, extending, and rendering more effectual, the " Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament, for " making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers within the City of " London, and Liberties thereof, and for paving,

" cleansing, and fighting the Streets, Lanes, Squares, " Yards, Courts, Alleys, Passages, and Places, and " preventing and removing Obstructions and Annoyances within the same

An Act for the better lighting, cleansing, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, and Places within the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Middieses, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the same:

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, and otherwise improving, the Town of , in the County

Vol. 48.

of Suffolk, and for removing and preventing Encroach- Assent ments. Obstructions, and Annoyances therein: to

An Act for amending an Act, made in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the " Poor in the Hundred of Bly thing, in the County of " Suffolk," and for granting some further Powers and Provisions for carrying the same more effectually into Execution:

An Act for the more easy raising Money upon the Hundred of Hemlingford, in the County of Warwick,

for paying the Damages and Cost's incurred on Account of the late Riots within the said Hundred, than is authorized to be done by the Laws now in being:

An Act for draining, dividing, inclosing, and improv-ing, all the Moor Lands in the Townships of Redness and Swinffeet, in the Parish of Whit gift, in the West

Riding of the County of York:

An Act for draining, preserving, and improving, certain Lands lying in the several Parishes of Spalding (including the Hamlets of Cowbit and, ) Weston, Moulton, Whaptode, Holbech, Fleet, Gedney, Sutton Saint Mary, and Sutton Saint Nicholas, otherwise Lutton, all in South Holland, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Colder, in the Township of Warmfield cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Township of Cawthorne, in the West Riding of the County of York, and certain Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Collieries at Shipley and West Hallam, in the County of Derby, to the Kravash Canal, in the Parish of Stanton by Dale, in the said County;

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the North End of the Shropshire Canal, in the Township of Rockwardine Wood, in the County of Salop, to the Town of Shrewsbury, in the said County:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Ancholme, in the Parish of South Kelsey, in the County of Lincoln, into the Parish of Caistor, in the said County:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, in the Township of Swinton, to or near the Town of Barnsley, in the Parish of Silkstotie, in the West Riding of the County of York, and certain Collateral Cuts branching out of the said Canal:

An Act for embanking and draining certain Salt Marshes and Low Lands within the several Parishes of Spalding, Moulton, Whaplode, Holbech, and Gedney, in the County of Lincoln, and for preventing the same Marshes and Lands from being Overflowed with the Sea: and for altering an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons,

" Marshes, Droves, Waste Lands, and Grounds, in the " Parish of Gedney, and Hamlet thereof, called Gedney " Fen, in the County of Lincoln

An Act for completing, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Port Dundas, and from Port Dundas to the High Road leading from the City of Glasgow to Garscube Bridge, by Dobbie's Loan, in the County of Lanerk:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, enlarging, and consolidating the Powers, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twenty-first and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road from Piercebridge to Kirk Merrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End, in the same County:

A. 1793.

828

3° yunii.

Royal Assent An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in to Bills. Repair, the Road from the North End of Marsh

in Ashford, in the County of to the End of the Parish of Orkstone, near in Romney

in the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second) and the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Roads from Dunglass Bridge, to the Town of Haddington, and from thence to Burn, in the County of Haddington, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, certain Branches of the said Roads, within the said

i't to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the more effectual repairing, widening, and amending the Road from a Place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington, to the Toll Bars in Walgate, in Wigan, both in the County of Lancaster:

An Act for making, amending, diverting, and widening the Roads leading from to the

Bath and Wells Turnpike Road, at Marksbury, and from Stcnrcyto Chew Magna, and from W Harptry to the Bath Turnpike Road at Emborow, and from West Harptry to Fore Cross, in the Parish of Churchill, and from West Harptry to the Blue Bowl Inn in Compton Martin, and from Berringt to the Town of Wring ton, and from the Nine Elms, at North Wedcombe, to Coley, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for making and maintaining a commodious Carriage Road from the Town of to the

Town of Selby, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from to Prince's

End, and from Gospel End, to the Village of Over Penn, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Jl'olverhampton to Stourbridge, and from Chitt's Grave to or near Prince's End, and from Can Lane to the Town of Bilston, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the End of the present Turnpike Road from Besselsleigh to Hungerford, in the County of Berks, to Leclcford, otherwise Souslcy Water, in the County of Wilts:

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from, the Town of Monmouth:

An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning the Road from Green, near Man-

chester, in the County of Lancaster, to the New Bridge at the Corn Mills at Wilmslow, in the County of Chester:

An Act for repairing, widening, altering, diverting, and turning, the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and also the Road from Her nest one Lane Head, and from Sparrow Pitt Gate, through Chapel in le Frith, all in the said County of Derby, to the last mentioned Road at Whaley, in the said County of Chester:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two several Acts, made in

the Twenty-ninth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Preston Brockhurst, to Shawbury, and to Shreyhill, and

County An l

other Roads in the County of Salop; and for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from Shrewsbury to Ellesmere, through Uffington,

and Berwick, to Atcham, in the said County:

An Act for amending, widening, shortening, improving, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Wren's Cross, in the Town of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, through the West or Lower Street, by Harrietsham Church, and through Lenham and Charing, to Barrow Hill, in Ashford, in the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow," and of another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to explain, amend, and render more effectual the said Act, and of another Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Cawcaddens to that Part of the Water of Kelvin, called The of Garscube:

An Act for more effectually amending, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droitzvich to Spadesbourne Bridge, within the

Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Wot'cester, and other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of Francis Glanville, Esquire, in the County of Wilts, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof:

An Act to disunite the Rectories of Girmngham and Trunch, in the County of Norfolk, and Diocese of Norwich:

An Act to empower William Churchill Dickenson, Esquire, to grant Building Leases, Renewable Leases, and make Conveyances in Fee, of and upon all or any Part of the Estates at Chorlton Row, devised by the Will of John Dickenson, Esquire, deceased, situate near the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act to enable John Gartside, Esquire, to grant and convey the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, for Building upon, reserving Rents, or to make building Leases, of any Part of his settled Estate in Little Bolton, in the County of Lancaster:

An Act to enable Mary Greene, Widow, and James Greene, Esquire, her Son, and the Survivor of them, to grant and convey in Fee Farm, for the Purposes of Building, or to make Building Leases, for any Term of Years, of Messuages and Lands at Droylsden, zcorth, and Nexoton, in the County of Lancaster:

An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Ely to sell the Castle of Wisbech St. Peter's, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and the Gardens and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale, in Manner therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Part of the settled Estates of John Newnham, Esquire, in John Trayton Fuller, Esquire:

An Act for vesting certain Estates in Wiltshire, Somersetshire, and Gloucestershire, in Trustees, to the Uses

of the Will of Jacob Knight, Esquire, deceased, in lieu of an Estate in Worcestershire, limited to such Uses by the said Will, and for vesting the Estate in Worcestershire in Warren Hastings, Esquire, in Fee

Simple:

An

33 Ge6. III. 3° Junii,

829

An Act for enabling the Trustess of Henry Smith, Esquire, deceased, to accept a Grant of a Rent Charge or clear Annual Payment or Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be charged upon, and paid and payable at Michaelmas in every Year, by, and out of, a Messuage, Farm, and Lands, of the Right honourable Jeffery Lord Amherst, in the Parish of Horley, in the County of Surrey, in Exchange for several Pieces or Parceis of Land, situate, lying, and being, in Seoenoaks, in the County of Kent, inclosed from the Waste of the Manors of Sevenoaks and Knowle, or one of them, and to convey the said several Pieces or Parcels of Land to the said Jeffery Lord Amherst, and his Heirs, accordingly:

An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant Building Leases to Mr. Francis Hurlbatt:

An Act to enable John Trafford, Esquire, and other Persons, after his Death, to grant Leases of the Estates devised by the Will of the late Humphrey Trafford, Esquire, situate in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, for Building, and also to grant Leases of certain Waste JMoss Lands in the said Counties, other Parts of the said devised Estates:

An Act for Sale of a Leasehold Estate, late of John JBlackburne, Esquire, deceased, and of a Freehold and Leasehold Estate, late of Richard Kent, Esquire, deceased, and for the Application of the respective Purchase Monies:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and . Common Fields, and Common or Commonable Meadows, Pastures, Lands, and Grounds, and Common or Waste Land, in the Parish of in the County

.of Warwick:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common and Waste Grounds within the Manor or Township of Armley, in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Thomgrafton Common, and also certain Common Fields or Dales and Pieces of Irnid, within the Township of Thomgrafton, all within the Barony or Manor of Work, and in the Parish of Haltwhistle, in the County ,of Northumberland:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Langley South Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, called Grindon Common, within the Barony or Manor of Langley, and in the Parish of Warden, in the County of Northumberland:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, and other uuinclosed Lands, within the Manor or Manors of Aldington, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Downs, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Places, within the Manor and Parish of Aldsroorth, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Arable Fields, Pastures, Meadows, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Townships of Orsion and Thoro-ton, in the Parish of Orston, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Waste, and other Commonable Lands, within the Parish of Maisemore, in the County of Gloucester, (except a certain Meadow called Maisemore Ham) and for rendering all the Lands and Tenements within the said Parish wholly exempt and discharged from Tythe, Vox.. 48.

and all Modus and Composition for Tythd, t>y allotting Lands in lieu thereof:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Coni mons. Heaths, and Marsh and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Cobham otherwise Cooeham, iti the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for dividing and inclosing Part of the Moors and Wastes within the Manor of Masham and Mashamshire, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Town, Manor, or Lordship of Weaverham, in the county of -Chester: ,

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Little Tew, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commonable Salt Marshes, Droves, Commons, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Moulton, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Commou Field, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, tying within the Hamlet and Liberties of Milcomb, in the County of Oxford:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Esquire, with Elizabeth Vesey, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing Frederic Cyriac Zemitz:

An Act for naturalizing David Berguer:

An Act for naturalizing Frederick Gottlieb cius.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of R?08® the House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning VedneSduy. next

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do make the Re- Anglesey port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act passed in the Twenty- reported.' sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Drawback of the " Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and " Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water " out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle " of Anglesey," was committed.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, requiring and authorizing CAarZe# Sussex Mill Gilbert, Esquire, Treasurer of the Eastern Division, ha Money and the Reverend Francis TutU, the legal Represent- 1 pam ative of Randolph Tutti, deceased, late Treasurer of the Western Division of the County of Sussex, to pay certain Sums of Money received by them, the said Treasurers, or either of them, on Account of the not raising the Militia of the said County, into the Public Stocks of the said Divisions, to be applied as therein is directed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act, requiring and authorizing Charles Gilbert,

10 B Esquire,

Swindon Inclosure Bill passed.

tiollym end Withemsea Inclosure Bill reported.

330 3° Junii. A. 1T93.

E$qufre, Trenturfr of the Ewtern Division, and the Reverend Francis TuttS, the legal Representative of lfatujolph Tnttl, deceased, late Treasurer of the Western Pivision of the County of Sussex, to pay certain Sums of Money received by them, the said Treasurers, or either of them, on Account of the not raising the Militia of the stud County, into the Public Stocks of the said Divisions, to be applied as therein is directed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Liberty of Swindon, in the Parish of in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 28. 1. 15. To leave out from "Roads" to " shall,'* in 1. 17.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Le, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Liberty of Swindon, in the Parish of fVomborne, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilherfarce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, within the several Townships of Hollym, and Withemsea, in the Parish of Hollym, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Townships, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 40 Acres of Land, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of 353 Acres, who declared themselves neuter; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 3,207 Acres); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Town of Beverley, in the East Riding of the County of York, under their Common Seal, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to He upon the Table until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against

9

the said Rill, upon their Petition, if they think fit

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeU«re for Lhe Yea*, *

Tellers for the Noes. }

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time.

The said Amendments were accordingly severally read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. JYilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called Thirsk West Moor, and Carlton and Sandhutton Commons, in the Parish of Thirsk, in the North Riding of the County of York, and several Parcels of Moor or Common Land, being Part of Bagby High Moor, lying within the several Townships of Thirsk, Bagby, and Balk, in the said Riding, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Robert Darley Waddilove, Clerk, and William Harrison, Doctor of Physic, in behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Lands at Carlton Miniot, in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that no Person appeared in Support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands rated to the Land Tax at £.5. 15s. 2 id.per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands, having Right of Common, are rated at £. 234. is. yd. per Annum', and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to permit the Parties to try their Rights on Carlton Common by Action at Law.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending and altering an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce " into One Act of Parliament, the Statutes now in " being for the Amendment and Preservation of the " Public Highways within that Part of Great Britain " called England, and for other Purposes," so far as the same relates to the Personal Labour thereby required from Labourers in Husbandry, not occupying Lands, Tenements, Woods, Tythes, or Hereditaments, of the Yearly Value of Four Pounds, but wholly

getting

Think, Bag-by, &c. Inclosure Bill reported.

Re-committed Bill respecting Statute Labour reported.

Bill for preventing destroying or damaging Ships, &c. committed.

Newfoundland Judicature Bill passed.

Bill for securing the Rights of Patentees passed.

Dutchy of Cornwall Leases Bill presented.

Lottery Bill reported.

getting or obtaining their Living by such Labour, and also so far as relates to the Notice required by the said Act to be given to Persons liable to perform the Duty or Labour, thereby directed to be done, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the -Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall b? sufficient for the Use of die Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Bill for better preventing of Offences in setting Fire to, destroying, or damaging Ships, or other Vessels; and in forcibly obstructing the navigating of Ships, or other Vessels, or obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations, be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning ne*t, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for securing the Rights of Patentees, in certain Cases, from the Encroachments of Foreigners, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for securing the Rights of Patentees, in certain Cases, from, the Encroachments of Foreigners.

Ordered, That Mr. Bernard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr Anslruther presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were

Vox.. 48.

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take into Consideration His Majesty's most Gracious Message of Thursday last, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Annuity of Two Thousand Pounds per Annum, settled and secured by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling and securing a " certain Annuity on George Lord Rodney, and the " Two next Persons to whom the Barony of Rodney " shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said George Lord Rodney to " His Majesty, and the Public," be further settled and secured on the Heirs of the Body of the said George Lord Rodney, to whom the Barony of Rodney shall descend.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Nemine Contradicente.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, the Earl of Mornington, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Charles Long, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of IJis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating " the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the " Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, " and of the Bounty on British Corn exported," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for giving to the Port of Borrowstounness the same Privilege as is given to the Port of Grangemouth.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on M Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on " British Corn exported."

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the AllowanCe of the Drawback and Payment of the " Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for pernutting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into " the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships," and for reducing the Bounty on refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships.

The

Report on King's Message respecting Lord Rodney's Annuity.

Bill td amend Corn Regulation Act passed.

Committee on Sugar and Coffee Bill.

832 3° Junii: A. 1793.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon day Morning next. '

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve

on Consoli- itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bttf. Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of

Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty's most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 15th Day of November 1763, as relates to the Money arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown being applied to the Public Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next

Bill to permit An ingrossed Bill to permit Goods and Commodities, certain of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Asia, Goods to be Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland, to from Ireland *mPorted from thence into Great Britain, was read passed. the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, that nothing therein contained shall extend to permit the Importation from Ireland, into Great Britain, of Goods of the Growth or Manufacture of the East Indies.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, byWay of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 8. After " are," to insert " or hereafter

" may be."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to permit Goods and Commodities, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Asia, Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported from thence into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for ab«. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, lisbing the to consider further of the Bill for abolishing the Trade Tra<le , for carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves, be now read. ritorie* with

And the said Order being read accordingly; Slaves de-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday ferred* Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Dayappoint-were appointed to enquire into the Matter of the «d for receiv-Complaint made, upon Thursday last, to the House, J^complaint respecting the Bill for making and maintaining a Na- respecting vigation from, or nearly from, the Town of Chelms- Chelmsford ford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Col- Navigation tier's Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the U1 ' said County, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Petition of Sir John Henderson, of , in the Petition of County of Fife, Baronet, William Wemyss, of Wemyss, Sir f°bn Esquire, and John Campbell, Esquire, Writer to the Signet, was presented to the House, and read; Set- against the ting forth, That the Petitioners are Proprietors of cer- Scotch Coals tain Coal Mines in that Part of Great Britain called SpinJ?„ Scotland, and are informed, that a Bill has lately been Llceuces 1 brought into the House, for repealing the several Duties on Coals carried Coastwise, from any or certain Ports or Places of Great Britain, to any or certain Ports or Places in Scotland; and that the Petitioners (though not insensible of the Expediency of repealing the said Duties'in such Manner as the Wisdom of the Legislature may see best, either on all Coals carried from Port to Port in Great Britain, or to such Places and Districts in Scotland or England, respectively, as from the immoderate Price or constant Scarcity of Fuel, labour under any peculiar or uncommon Hardship) conceive the Mode of Repeal proposed by the said Bill to be injurious to their private Interests, and not necessary for the Public Good, and they also conceive, and are advised, that the Bill would, in its Consequences, infer a manifest and flagrant Violation of the Treaty of Union, inasmuch as, notwithstanding that English Coals would, according to the Tenor of the Bill, be admitted Duty free into all Ports of Scotland, yet Scotch Coals would not be thereby allowed the reciprocal, and therefore (in the Petitioners Apprehension) just and due Advantage of, in like Manner, passing Duty-free into all, or even into any Ports of England: And therefore praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repealing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought or carried Coastwise into Scotland, and for granting other Duties on Licences to sell certain distilled Spirituous Liquors, in lieu thereof, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on Bill for upon the Bill for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks ^'terin8 dj* on Figs, and for granting and allowing other Duties Drawbacks and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; for charging a Duty on Figs, *c. on the Importation, and allowing a Drawback on the Exportation, of Virginal Wire of Copper; for empowering the Commissioners of the Customs to au- ' thorize their Officers to make Allowance for Damages received by Goods during the Voyage; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Ex-

cise to sell Vessels, liable to be broken up, to private Persons, to be used as Privateers, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Farnham Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Hop Tythe Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Bill deferre . w|j0je j]ouse> to consider further of the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops planted in Fields in the Parish of , in

the County of Surrey.

833

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Serjeant Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Serjeant Watson accordingly reported from the reported, said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read, the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a . Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

3e Junii.

Committee Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve to Masters8 ^tse^ info a Committee of the whole House, to con-and Surgeons s^er proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain of Slave Cases, to Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed

Ships. in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of

Africa.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Bill to con- An ingrossed Bill to continue certain Duties of Ex-tinue certain cjse on foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, reignSpirits" a Time to be limited, and also for continuing certain passed. Laws of Excise therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for continuing to the Executors of Mr. Bishop the Right of carrying on his Geneva Distillery at Maidstone.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank, which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that the present Proprietors of the said Distillery shall continue under the same Regulations as Mr. Bishop was subject to.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue certain Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, and also for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Bill for a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the nienTof^Sea- Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more men. effectually manning His Majesty's Navy.

Vol/48.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ot) Southern upon the Bill to allow to Ships, carrying on the ^*uFlsb* Southern Whale Fishery to the North of the Equator, the same Premium as they are now entitled to, if they do not pass the Equator, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Walson reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next,

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Post Master Gene- Spanish Mail ral to send the Mail to the Dominions of his Catholic Bl11 Passed- Majesty, on board of any Vessels authorized, by his Catholic Majesty, to carry the same, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Post Master General to send the Mail to the Dominions of his Catholic Majesty, on board of any Vessels authorized, by his Catholic Majesty, to carry the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Watson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Scotch Disorder, a Bill for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scot- tillery Bill land, and the Exportation of British-ma.de Spirits from Presented-England to Scotland, and from to England,

for a Time to be limited: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for Re-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, gulation of upon the Bill for the better Regulation of Warehoused ^taccode-Tobacco, be now read. ferred.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

to C Ordered,

834

3" — -5° ftinii.

A. 1793.

iill for rendering more effectual Commercial Credit Act deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the bay, for the House A Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and Salford, Wt,. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, improving, Certain Roads leading to and from the Towns J‘-upon the Bill for rendering more effectual an Act of of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to

Skidby Inclosure Bill passed.

the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned," be how head.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open ana Uninclosed Fields, and Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, Pastures and \Vastes, within the Township of Skidby, in the Parish of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title .*be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and TJninclosed 'Fields, and Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, Pastures and Wastes, within the Township of Skidby, in the Parish of Skidby, in the East Riding of the bounty of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

certain Places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, and also the Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebuty, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read ft Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-burne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to Committee sit, and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Wednesday ‘iton Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Bill to amend Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, General intituled, u An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into Jurl#eAct " One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in de tnt'

" being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other " Purposes," be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Accounts of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Bounties paid Account of the Bounties paid by the Commissioners of and Surgeons MajestyV Customs to Captains and Surgeons of of Slave Ships ordered.

African Slave Ships, in Consequence of Certificates from the Collectors of the Customs in the West India Islands.

Glasgow Church Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Tron Church of the City of Glasgow, for opening certain Streets in the City of Glasgow, for removing Obstructions in the Trongate Street, for building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street, for regulating the Weight and Measure of Coals, and the Mode of carrying Wood and Timber on the Streets of the said City, for enlarging the Gaol or Tolbooth there, and for selling Part of the High, or Calton Green, and also the Glebes, belonging to the Cures of the High Church, and of the Barony Parish adjoining thereto, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 32. I. 9. After Majesty " to insert " the " Owners and Occupiers of Stone " Quarries being always entitled " to demand and receive from the said Magistrates and Town " Council, and their Aforesaids,

" not only the Surface Damages,

" but the full Value of the Stones " taken, according to the usual " Rates."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for re-building the Tron Church of the

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Bill toameni Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Aetreiatm whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain to Pu^‘* and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh and Eighth tictsofVLe Years of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act and Place of " for the further regulating Elections of Members to Election*

" serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular " Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers, in the " electing and returning such Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

id

,-a

Mercurii, 5° die;

Anno 33* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the greater Part of the Owners Petition of antient Messuages and Cottages within the respective Townships or Hamlets of Thomborough and f|"ur4 Bju* Nosterfield, in the Parish of West Tanfield, in the North Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and their respective Tenants, was presented to the House, and read;

Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a certain Moor or Common called Thomborough Moor, within the Parish of West Tanfield, in the North Riding of the County of York; and Setting forth, That the Owners of certain ancient Messuages and Cottages within the said Townships or Hamlets now are, and those whose Estate and Inte-

now are,

City of Glasgow, for opening certain Streets, for re- rest they respectively have in the said ancient Mes-moving Obstructions in the Trongate Street, for suages and Cottages, for Time whereof the Memory building a Bridge over the River Clyde, opposite of Man is not to the contrary, or their respective Te-to the Salt Market Street, for regulating the Weight nants for the Time being, have had and enjoyed, or and Measure of Coals, and the Mode of carrying been entitled to have and enjoy, the whole Herbage Wood and Timber on the Streets of the said City, for or Annual Produce of Thomborough Moor, intended enlarging the Gaol or Tolbooth there, and for selling by the said Bill to be divided and inclosed, except a Part of the High, or Calton Green, and also the Glebe certain small Part thereof called Cote Moor, contain-belonging to the Inner High Church and Parish of ing by Estimation, about Forty Acres, and which is Glasgow. distinguished from the other Parts of the said Moor

Ordered, That Mr. William ATDowalldo carry the by certain ancient Bounder Marks; and that the said Bill to the Lords, and'desire their Concurrence. Bill is manifestly calculated to deprive the Petitioners

9 of

J

'-bent

ii;

The Lords hare agreed to

Kelso and Selkirk Roads Bill.

Quene-

borough In- , closure Bill.

Taddington and Priest-cliff Inclosure Bill.

Inverness Highways and Lighting Bill.

Sfainforth and Keadby Canal Bill.

Amendment to Brown's Divorce Bill.

S3 Geo. III. 5° Junn. 835

of the exclusive Right of Common which they or The Lords hare agreed to the Amendments made Amendment* their Tenants respectively have r and enjoy in the by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for em- to Dutches*

Seatest Parts of the said Moor, and to entitle the powering the Committees or Committee, for the whers and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, and Time being, of the Estate of the most Noble Ann# s e 1 Hereditaments, in the Township of West Tanfield, in Eliza Dutchess of a Lunatic, to make Leases

the said Parish, to claim a proportionable Share of of her Estate during her Lunacy, and for other Pnr-every Part of the said Moor, although they have no poses therein mentioned: And also, Tl»e Lords

Right upon any Part thereof, except on that Part The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act hav# passed, called Cote Moor, by which Means, if the said Bill should for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean and Dean and pass into a Law, the Petitioners will be greatly in- Chapter of Lincoln and Richard Ellison, Esquire; to Lincoln sod jured in their Property: And, as they have other Objec- which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Mr. Ellison's tions to make to the said Bill, therefore praying to be House. Exchange

heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the And then the Messengers withdrew. B, H*

same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to SirH. Bridge-Table, until the Report be received from the Com- whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An wan'* Leases mittee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that Act to enable Sir Henry Bridgeman, Baronet, and, after ^dpas^^' the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, or his Death, other Persons, to grant Building Leases -Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if of his settled Estates at and near Bolton in Lee they think fit. in the County of Lancaster, for long Terms of Years,

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at was committed; That the Committee had examined the same Time, in Favour of the said Rill, against the the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

said Petition. true; and that the Parties concerned had given their

Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Com-A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graces and mittee; and that the Committee had directed him to Mr. Ord: report the Bill to the House, without any Amend-

Mr. Speaker, ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Table.

Act for repairing and widening that part of the Road, And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

leading from Kelso towards the Town of Selkirk, which Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

lies to the Eastward of the Turnpike Road leading Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill

from Jedburgh to Lauder, which crosses the River to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

Tiviot near the Town of Kelso, and the Road leading agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

from Kelso towards Coldstream, to the Place where it

jobs the Turnpike Road leading from Greenlaw to Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Darby and Coldstream, and from Kelso, through Ednam, to Orange whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An p^j*n* Lane, in the Parish of Eccles, in the County of Ber- Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition BUI reported, wick, and from the Ford at' Newton Mill, through and Division between William Thomas Darby, Esquire, and passed. Ednam, to Edenfoot, and from Kelso to Cornhill, in the and Saint Andrew Saint Esquire, of divers Manors,

County of Durham; without any Amendment: And Lands, and Hereditaments (heretofore the Estate of also, Richard Jackson, Esquire, deceased) in the several

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Counties of Norfolk, Essex, Surrty, Middlesex, and the Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open City of London, and stir limiting and settling the specific Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parts thereof, which, upon such Partition and Divi- Parish or Lordship of Queneborough, in the County of sion, were allotted to each of them, to the several Uses Leicester; without any Amendment: And also, therein mentioned, was committed; That the Com-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-Meadows, Pastures, Commons and -Waste Grounds, cemed had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Sa-within the Hamlet of Taddington and Priestcliff, in tisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee the Parish of Bakewell, and County of Derby; without had directed him to report the Bill to the House, any Amendment: And also, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An at the Clerk's Table.

Act for making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

of Inverness; and for levying Conversion Money in Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

lieu of Labour; and for otherwise regulating, making, Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill

and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire; to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

and for improving, widenbg, and lighting the Streets agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

within the -Royal Burgh of Inverness; without any

Amendment: And also, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Valle'* Nat.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Bartholomew Valle, was reed a B,jlcomin,t* Act1 for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Second Time.

from the River Dun Navigation Cut, at or near Stain- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry forth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Hobart, Mr. Praed, &c.: And they are . to meet this join and communicate with the River Trent, at or near Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a Collateral Chamber.

Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dun, in

the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding; without any Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Lever's Amendment: And also, - to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Le«f« Bill

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made An Act to enable James Lever, of Hindley, b the reP°^>anc* by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dis- County of Lancaster, Esquire, to make grants in Fee, *>as* solve the Marriage of Edroard Brown, Esquire, with and also to grant Building Leases of certain Estates in Susannah Solley, his now Wife, and to enable him to the Township of Bolton le in the said County,

marry again, and for other Purposes therein men- was committed; That the Committee had examined tioned: And also, the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be

Vol. 48. true;

5° Juriii. 1793

The Lords have passed

Heaton's Leases Bill.

Vyse's Exchange Bill reported.

Thirsk, Bagby, &c. Inclosure Bill passed.

true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sarah Heaton, Widow, Mother and Guardian of John Heaton, a Minor, to grant Building Leases, during his Minority, of Ground, in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir John Honeywood reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Richard William Howard Vyse, an Infant Trustee, to join in making an Exchange of Part of the Estate of the most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, with Francis Ferrand Foljambe, Esquire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9. 1. 14. At the Beginning of the Line insert " Total in ."

1. 15. After " deduct," insert " for," and leave out " at Half," and insert " being of less."

1. 17. Leave out " Total in Fenton, " 47-. 0. 17-"

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon, the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called Thirsk West Moor, and Carlton and Sandhutton Commons, in the Parish of Thirsk, in the North Riding of the County of York, and several Parcels of Moor or Common Land, being Part of Bagby High Moor, lying within the several Townships of Thirsk, Bagby, and Balk, in the said Riding, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called Thirsk West Moor, and Carlton and Sandhutton Commons, in the Parish of Thirsk, in the North Riding of the County of York, and several Parcels of Moor or Common Land, being Part of Bagby High Moor, lying within the several Townships of Thirsk, Bagby, and Balk, in the said Riding.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforce do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee ( The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Bewicke s a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ivorce 1 . ingrosse(j pm from the Lords, intituled, An Act

to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend John Bewicke, Clerk, with Mary Elizabeth otherwise

Mary Eliza Vaughan, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Ingilby took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Ingilby reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that an Agent attended on behalf of Mrs. Beioicke, but did not oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, within the several Townships of Hollym and Withernsea, in the Parish of Hollym, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Townships, be now read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Two " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word " now " stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, .

Tellers for the Noes, f*jr JT"es 1

' {Mr. Lygon: J °

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 7. To leave out " William," and insert " John " instead thereof. '

Pr. 11. 1. 21. To leave out " Commons," and to leave out " Wastes," and insert " Carrs " instead thereof.

Pr. 25. 1. 29. To leave out " Commons," and to leave out " Wastes," and insert " Carrs " instead thereof.

Pr. 27. 1. 8. To leave out " Commons," and to leave out " Wastes," and insert " Carrs" instead thereof.

1. 21. To leave, out " Commons," and to leave out " Wastes," and insert " Carrs" instead thereof.

Pr. 28. 1. 32. To leave out " Commons," and to leave out " Wastes," and insert " Carrs " instead thereof.

Pr. 29. 1. 38. To leave out " Commons."

1. 39. To leave out " Wastes," and insert " Carrs" instead thereof.

Pr. 30. 1. 25. To leave out " William," and insert " John," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, within the several Townships of Hollym and Withernsea, in the Parish of Hollym, in the East Riding of the County of York,

and

Hollym and Withernsea Inclosure Bill passed.

St. Agnes Pier Bill reported.

Dean and Chapter of Lincoln and Mr. Ellison's Exchange Bill read.

Report on Complaint of an Omission and Erasure in the

Chelmsford

Navigation

fend for making a Compensation in lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the TytheS of the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Townships.

Ordered, That Mr. IViiberfor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committed, td whom the Bill for erecting and making a Pier arid Harbour in the Cove of Trevaunance, in the Parish of Saint Agnes, in the County of Cornwall, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time.

: The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day " Two Months."

‘ And the Question being put, That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, > } 33-

Tellers for Noes> {mJ: } '«

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second Time.

The said Amendments were accordingly read a Second Time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bil} from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of Lincoln and Richard Ellison, Esquire, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Bramston, according to Order, reported from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the Matter of the Complaint made to the House, by a Member in his Place, of an Omission having been made in the ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, the Town Of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River in the said County, of the Name of One of the Commissioners, which was inserted on the Report of the said Bill, and also, that the Names of Two Proprietors, inserted by this House, appeared to have been erased from the said ingrossed Bill; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

It appeared to the Committee, That the Name of John Strutt was clearly wrote in the Amendment received by the House upon the Report of the said Bill, Voi. 48.

and that the said Name is the Third upon the List1, which List is not taken Alphabetically.

It also appeared upon the ingrossed Bill, thfet the Commissioners Names are inserted Alphabetically, and that the Name of John Strutt is omitted;

Your Committee then called Mr. David Jones, the Ingrossing Clerk; who was asked, Whether he ingrossed the Chelfner Navigation Bill? he said, He did not — That the customary Way of doing Business in the Ingrossing Office, after a Bill is ordered to be ingrossed, is, to put the Bills in Harid by Rotation, as they are reported to the House. This Bill, for thie Convenience of the Agents, was sent out to be ingrossed; and on its Return was delivered tb Mr. White, the Agent for the Bill, to be exaihined.

And being asked, Whether hie (the Witness) exaihined the ingrossed Bill with the House Bill and Amendments? he Said, No. That the Examination of Bills, by the IngrosSing Clerk, has been dispensed with for near Thirty Years past. Thdt Bills formerly were examined by the Ingrossing Clerk, and the Agent for the Bill; and when Mr. Onslow was Speaker, he always asked the Chairman, whether he had examined the Bill; it being at that Time customary for the Chairman to examine the Bill. — And being asked. Whether the Bill was re-delivered to him by Mr. White? he said, It Was, by him, or One of his Clerks — It was delivered into the Office to be prepared for the Third Reading in the usual Way. That he does not know the Person who actually ingrossed the Bill; but Part of it was done at Messrs. Richards and Watt, Stationers, in Wych Street, and the other Part at Messrs. Hughes and Walsh, Stationers, in the Temple — It was divided into different Parts for the Sake of Expedition, on Account of its Length — it is the usual Practice to ingross from a printed Bill — they pay no Regard to the written Copy, if they can get a printed Bill. — And being asked, Was this the only private Bill sent out to be ingrossed this Session ? he answered, No; not by many. That he received the printed Bill from the Agent, Mr.; — Then,

Mr. John White being examined, tvas asked, How it happened that the Name of John Stt'Utt is omitted in the ingrossed Bill ? he replied, That in the Bill, as reported from the Committee, is a long List of Commissioners Names, arranged in Alphabetical Order. When the Report was considered in the House, there were about Twenty more Commissioners added by the House — These were not arranged Alphabetically; but were either fastened in the Bill, or left loose; he knows not which. The Bill so amended was ordered to be ingrossed, and taken into the Ingrossing Office. It is not usual for the Ingrossing Clerks to ingross from the House Bill and Amendments, but from a printed and altered Copy given them by the Solicitor for the Bill — Those Bills the Clerks in his Office usually prepare; but, in this Instance, they being exceedingly hurried, he prepared the Bill himself. He had before him a Bill, with the Amendments, as it passed the Committee — In this was a Manuscript Copy of the First Set of Commissioners. He wrote into that, from the additional List added upon the Report, those Names, placing them Alphabetically, ticking them off, as he believes will appear from (the Paper; upon that Paper were the Names of John Strutt and Joseph Holden Strutt, at the Distance of Two Names from each other: That he, by Mistake, wrote John Holden Strutt; and also, by Mistake, omitted the Name of John Strutt; and so the Bill was ingrossed; as also were the Proof Acts prepared. That he meant to say, that he had not to copy the additional Names one immediately following the other, but to select them, and mix them in their Alphabetical Order with the others. — Being asked, Who examined the Ingrossment, and where it was examined r he said, It is never customary

io D' for

838 5° Junii* A* 1793.

Report respecting Omission and Erasure in Chelmsford Navigation l'.ill.

for the Ingrossing Clerks themselves to examine the Ingrossment — They give it to the House Solicitor for that Purpose; some of whose Clerks examine it. — It is the constant Practice of their Office to make the Country Agents examine all Ingrossments; most particularly because neither they, nor their Clerks, can be competent to decide upon the Spelling of Names. This Ingrossment, 'according to the Practice of their Office, was, in the first Instance, examined by Three of their Clerks, with the Proof Act, and the House Bill and Amendments. Their Clerks would find the Ingrossment and Proof Act agree; and, as they also had, in the reading of the Commissioners Names, to select into Alphabetical Order the additional Commissioners Names, they, he supposes, fell into the same Error as he had done. The Ingrossment and the Proof Act yere again examined in the Ingrossing Office by One. of their Clerks, and Mr. the Country

Agent. — Being asked. What was become of the Paper which lie transcribed from the original List of additional Commissioners ? he said, That Paper was in the Bill which he had in his Hand, which went to the Press for a Proof Act: Such Bills, when returned from the Press, are considered in their Office as Waste Paper, and thrown about as such; by which Means such Papers as are loose in them are frequently lost, and he had, in fact, great Difficulty in finding any Pqrt of this Bill; the List of Commissioners Names so transcribed by him, and put into the Bill, he cannot find — -He means to say, that he was the original Cause-of this Error; but he had no Motive for leaving out Mr. John Strutt's Name, as it must be a Matter of total Indifference to him who were, or who were not, Commissioners. — Being then shewn the Paper of additional Commissioners, ne was asked, Whether the Ticks therein were made by him ? he said, They were — He meant them for his Guide in inserting those additional Names among the others, putting the Tick over each Name as he selected it, and wrote it into the other Copy. — Being asked, Why these being ticked, did he imagine they were omitted to be copied ? he said, In the Proof Act, which was printed from his Manuscript, stands John Holden Strutt; and because he has some time since seen the Paper which is now lost, iq which he saw, in his own Hand Writing, John Holden Strutt, and neither the Name of John Strutt or Joseph Holden Strutt; and because he has been told by Mr. Leapinguell that he found it so in the Ingrossment; and that, knowing the re was no such Person as John Holden Strutt, he so far corrected the Mistake, in his Examination of the Ingrossment, as to alter the Name of John to Joseph — That he never looked to this Part of the Ingrossment till the Error was discovered.

It appearing upon the Face of the additional List that there are Ticks at the End of the Names of John Q/mius, Sir George Jackson, and John Strutt, and of those Names only, he was asked, How he accounted for that ? he said, He cannot account for it; but he wishes the Committee to observe, that there are other Marks at the End of other Names — That One of the Names has Two Ticks above it, and that One of the Names has no Tick at all — How these additional Ticks came lie cannot account for; but he should wish to inform the Committee, that that List has not been in his Custody, but has been in no less than Three different Offices in the House of Commons, as he has' been informed; meaning the Ingrossing Office, Mr. Benson the Clerk of the Papers Office, and Mr. Rosiers Office — The Marks at the End of the Three First Names he does not believe are of his making. — And being asked, If he can recollect when he first discovered the Omission of Mr. John Strutt's Name? he said, It was on one of the Days on which the Committee on the Bill sat at the House of Lords, when Mr. Bramslon asked him, If he knew of the Omission of any Name? to which he replied, No.

12

He immediately mentioned Mr. Strutt's Name; upon which he looked in the Report at the House of Commons, where he found the Name — That he looked into the Ingrossment at the House of Lords, where he found the Alteration from John to Joseph — He looked at that Paper in his Hand Writing, which is now lost, in which he found the original Mistake. — And being asked, Whether that Paper was then in his Custody? he said, He then found it, after some considerable Search, lying with other Waste Paper in the Office in which his Clerks write: Not considering the Matte* to be of much Consequence, he left the Paper where he found it; and never enquired for it again till last Night, or the Night before. — And being asked. Whether he informed Mr. Bra, or any other Per-, son, that the Mistake was owing to himself? he said.

He does not know. — And being asked, What Impression he meant to convey to the Committee, by saying, that he did not consider the Matter to be of much Consequence? he replied, That he meant to say, that he did not suppose any further Notice would be taken of it; especially as Mr. Bramston had authorized him to say that his Son, and Mr. Baker that his Brother, should instantly resign, that Mr Strutt, might be elected a Commissioner, and which he immediately told to Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt, his Son. — -And being asked, What was the Reply of Mr. Strutt to him ? he said, The Conversation passed in the Lords Committee Room, he believes; and he believes, in rather a low Voice; and he thinks Mr. said,

that he should not be satisfied unless his complete List, or the Whole of his List, was inserted, or Words to that Effect — To this Conversation he cannot speak positively. — And being asked, Whether the Offer of Two (Commissioners to resign, and the Answer of Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt, did not impress him with an Idea of the Importance of the Subject in Question ? he replied, It did not; because he supposed Mr. Strutt would have been satisfied by being made a Commissioner, and so no Person would have Reason to complain; but if not so, he supposed that, upon his Com-, plaint, the Lords Committee would have amended the Bill, by inserting his Name; and that when the Bill come back to this House so amended, this House would; agree to the Amendment, as his Idea was, that they . would consider the Matter as a clerical Mistake; it apr pearing that the Lords had only corrected their Error, they having in one Stage of the Business constituted Mr. Strutt a Commissioner, and they, the House, not having themselves left him out. — And being asked. Whether it was not represented to him by the Gentleman who made an Offer for a Commissioner to resign, to be of Consequence ? he said, He is almost positive not: He thinks the only Conversation that ever 'passed upon the Subject was, as to the Matter of Fact, whether the Name was in or out; and whether, if the Lords did so amend the Bill, it was such an Amendment as the Commons could agree to — And being asked, What Answer did he make to those Gentlemen? he said, It is impossible for him to recollect the Particulars of such Conversation, which passed a long Time since, and which he never thought he should be questioned about. He begged to add, to all that he has said, That the Commission of so great an Error, if done intentionally, must have been extremely prejudicial to him in his Situation; and he cannot but be extremely concerned, that he has even unintentionally omitted the Name of Mr. Strutt. — And being asked, In what Stage of the Bill did Mr.

or his (the Witness's) Clerks, having examined the Ingrossment, tell him of the Alteration made from John to Joseph ? he said, The Ingrossment has never been in the Power of his Clerks, or Mr. Leapingwell, since it was read the Third Time, and passed, in the House of Commons; and he believes Mr. Leapingwell told him of the Discovery and Correction of the.

Erjor

33 Geo. III. 5° Junii, 839

Error immediately; and he the more thinks so, because* when the Acts were printed, the Error of Holden Struct in the Proof Act was corrected.

Mr. John Leapingwell was called in, and asked, What does he know of the Alteration of the Name of Joseph Holden Strutt in the Ingrossment of the Chelmer Canal Bill? he said, The Name was , and as he knew Mr. Holden Strutt's Name to be , he altered it from John to Joseph. — And being asked, At what Time did he alter it? he said, Upon examining the Bill (at Mr. White's Request) the Day before it was read the Third Time, in the House of Commons, and in the Ingrossing Office. — And being asked, What Connection he had with the Bill? he said, He was one of the Country Agents for the Bil). — And being asked, When did lie first see that Ingrossment? he said, On the Day he examined it. — And being asked, With what did he examine it? he said, With a printed Bill. — And being asked, Had he no other Document whatever ? he said, Not as far as concerned his Examination. — And being asked, Whether he examitied the whole Bill ? he said, He believes he examined the whole Bill, from Beginning to End, except the Commissioners Names, and those he corrected, many of them being wrong spelt. — And being asked, When did he correct those Commissioners Names as to their Spelling? he said, Immediately afterwards. — And being asked, How many of the Commissioners Names did he correct in the Spelling? he said, He. could not recollect — And being asked, Why did he alter the Name of John, to that of Joseph he said, He had answered that Question before. — And being asked, Whether he did never see a List of Commissioners, wherein the Name of John Strutt was inserted? he said, No. — And being asked, Whether he (being in the Gallery of the House of Commons) did not hear Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt read the Name of John Strutt, from that List to the House? he said, He really does not recollect. — And being asked, Whether lie did not hear Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt read' a List of Commissioners proposed by him, and rejected in the Chelmer Navigation Committee on the Bill? he said, He did. — And being asked, Whether he did not, when he saw the Name of John Holden Strutt, hesitate in his Mind, whether it might be Mr. John Strutt, or Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt? he said, No. — And being asked, What determined him to know, that John Holden Strutt was intended for Joseph Holden Strutt? he said, Upon seeing Holden Strutt, he knew Joseph ought to precede Holden, and did not think of John Strutt. — And being asked, Whether he referred to any Document to see how the Mistake in the Name of Joseph arose ? he said, He did not, as he was merely correcting the wrong spelt Names. — And being asked, Whether he informed any Person, and when, of this Alteration he made? he said. The Clerk with whom he examined the Bill at the Time. — And being asked, Who was that Clerk ? he said, He did not know. — And being asked, Was he a Clerk of Mr. White to his Knowledge ? he said, He believes so. — And being asked, Whether he informed anybody else, and when ? he said, He informed Mr. White that Evening, that he had corrected the wrong Spelling of the Commissioners Names, who said, That was One of the Purposes, for which he was desired to examine the Bill. — And being asked, Whether he (having heard the Name of John Strutt read over in the Committee Room on the Bill) ever mentioned that he did not see that Name in the List of Commissioners in the ingrossed Bill ? he said, He does not recollect that he did; or if he did, it must have been from some Person having mentioned it to him. — And being asked, Whether he did not know that the Name of John Strutt was rejected in the Committee upon the Bill ? he said. He knew that the List proposed by Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt was rejected by the Committee. — Vo l, 48.

And being asked, Whether he did not know that the Name of John Strutt was in that List? he said, Yes; he believes it was. — And' being asked, Whether be does not know that Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt's List, which was rejected by the Committee on the Bill, was received without any Exception by the House' upon the Report of the Bill ? he said, es; he believes it was, but he never saw it. — And being asked, Whether he did not hear Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt say, that there were Three additional Names to that List? he said. Yes. — And being asked, Having then heard Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt say, that there were Three additional Names to his List, was not that List in his Opinion the same as was offered to the Committee on the Bill, and rejected? he said, Yes. — And being asked, Whether he has any Doubt that Mr. John Strutt was appointed by the House a Commissioner? he said, He has no Doubt. — And being asked, Whether he understood, when he was called upon by Mr. White (the Solicitor for the Bill) to compare the ingrossed Bill with the printed Bill, that it was for the Purpose of correcting, in point of Spelling, the Names inserted therein? he said, Certainly. — And being asked, Whether he had, at the Time of his Examination of the Ingrossment, any other Copy of the Bill, by which he did actually examine the Ingrossment, than that which was delivered to him by Mr. White, together with the ingrossed Bill? he said, No. — And being asked. Whether he did, in all such Alterations which he made, make. them with the sole View of having the Bill more conformable to the Truth, and to the Intention of the Parties interested ? he said, Most' certainly he did. — And being asked, Whether he knew, while he was correcting the Names in the Ingrossing Office, that the Name of John Strutt was omitted in the Ingrossment? he said, No, he did not; if he had he would have instantly inserted it. — And being asked. Whether he knew it before the Bill was read the Third Time in the House of Commons? he said, No. — And being asked, When he examined the Bill, by which Word he understood " compare," did Mr. White's Clerk hold in his Hand the printed Bill, and compare with him? he said, Yes. — And being asked, Whether Mr. White's Clerk stopt when he came to the Commissioners Names, or did he then compare the Commissioners Names with him ? he said, They skipped over the Commissioners Names till they had examined the other Part of the Bill, and he then corrected the wrong Spelling in the Commissioners Names. — And being asked, Whether the Clerk was present when he did so ? he said, He was. — And being asked, Whether he saw him do it? he said, He did, or might have seen it, being at the Table. — The Witness having said he altered the Spelling of the Commissioners Names, he was desired to look at the Ingrossment and point out the Names. — He looked at the Ingrossment, and said, They were altered by him, or by the Clerk at his Instance. — And being asked, Which were altered by himself ? he said, Joseph in Joseph Holden Strutt was altered by himself, and some others by him, or by the Clerk. — And being desired to look at the Name of Smyth, he was asked, Whether that was altered by him ? he said, He could not say. — And being asked, Was it altered at all? he said, He believes sp, by him, or the Clerk. — And being asked, Whether he could point out, at this Distance of Time, any One Name he had altered, except the Name of Joseph in Joseph Holden Strutt ? he said, He could not with absolute Certainty. — And being asked, Whether he is acquainted with John Strutt, Esquire, whose Name is left out ? he said, He knows him personally; he lives about Seven Miles from him. — And being asked, When he saw the Name of John Holden Strutt in the Ingrossment, why did he rather alter John to Joseph, than obliterate the additional Name of Holden? he said, Seeing Three Names, he thought it was meant

Report respecting Omission and Erasure in Chelmsford Navigation Bill.

Report re* spec ting' Omission and Erasure in Chelmsford Naviga« tion Hill.

840 b>° Yumi. A. 1?93.-

for Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt, he having Three Names, and Mr. John Strutt having but Two. — And being attewn the Original List of Names inserted upon the Report, as passed by the House of Commons, he was asked. Whether he ever saw that List? he said, No. — And being asked. Whether he recollected ever to have seen any written List of the additional Commissioners? he said, No.

John Rosier, Esquire, being examined, was asked, Whether he was employed by the Persons who opposed the Chelmer Navigation Bill? he said, Yes. — And being

asked, Whether he saw the Ingrossment of the Bill before it was read the Third Time? he said, He saw it no otherwise than in the Roll. — And being asked, Whether he examined the Bill? he said, No. — And being asked, Whether he knew, by any other Means, before the Bill was read the Third Time, that the Name ef John Strutt was omitted in the List of Commissioners? he said, No. — And being asked, Whether he could tell when the Ingrossment was finished ? he said, No. — And being asked, Whether he ever heard when it was finished ? he said, No.' — And being asked, Whether he saw the Proof Act from which the Ingrossment was made? he said, No. — And being asked, Whether it was usual to have the Country Agent to correct the Spelling of the Names? he said, Yes. — And being asked, Whether the Country Agent, who co-operated with him on the Chelmer Navigation Bill, did examine the Ingrossment before the Bill was read the Third Time ? he said, He could not tell.

Mr. William Birch attending was asked, Whether he

examined the Ingrossment of the Chelmer Navigation Bill, before the Bill was read the Third Time ? he said, He never examined the Ingrossment at all. — And being asked, Whether any Clerk, or other Person employed by him, examined it before that Time? he said, He believed not. — And being asked, Whether he conceived it to have been expected of him to examine the Bill with the Ingrossment ? he said, No, by no Means. — And being asked, Why so ? he said, He was not employed for the Bill, but against it, upon the Principle of its Inutility and Inexpediency, and of its being conceived that it would do more Injury than Good. — And being asked, If he had been Agent for the Bill, whether he should have thought it incumbent upon him to have seen it properly examined ? he said, He should rather have thought it the Business of the Officers of the House, but should have been willing to have given any Assistance he could, had he been called upon for that Purpose.

Mr. Robert Ward being called in and examined, he said, He was a Clerk in Mr. White's Office. — And being asked, Whether he had been employed in respect to the Chelmer Navigation Bill in his Office? he said, Yes. — And being asked, When the Chelmer ingrossed Navigation Bill was put into his Hands for Examination ? he said, It passed through his Hands Twice. — And being asked, Whether he recollected the First Time he examined it? he said, he examined it the First Time with the Clerks in the Office, with the House Bill and Amendments, and the Proof Act. — And being asked, When he examined the Ingrossment with Mr. Lcapingwell? he said, It was the last Examination of it. — And being asked, Whether he had the Parchment, or the Proof Act? he said. He had the Proof Act. — And being asked, Whether he proceeded regularly in comparing it? he said, They went through the Examination of all the Clauses first, and left the Names to the last. — And being asked, How he examined the Names? he said, The Agent read the Names through hastily, and corrected such as he (the Agent) thought wrong. — And being asked, Whether the Agent corrected the Ingrossment or the Proof? he said, The Ingrossment. — And being asked, Whether he (the Witness) corrected the Ingrossment in respect to Spelling the Names? he said. Not at

that Time. — And being asked, Whether he saw Mr. Leapingwellcorrect any of the Names? he said, Some Corrections he did make at that Time. — And being asked, Whether there was any Conversation upon any of those Names he altered? he said, None. — Ana being asked, Whether he went through all the Names at that Time ? he said, He read them all through. — -And being asked, Whether the Agent altered them as he went along? he said, Yes. — And being asked. When he (the Witness) altered any ? he said, He could not tell whether he altered any or not — And being asked, whether Mr. Leapingwell gave him Directions to alter any Names ? he said, Not at all, he gave him no Directions.- — And being asked, Whether he knew his own Handwriting when he saw it? he Said, He did, but might be deceived in an Alteration 1 And being desired to look at the Ingrossment, and see whether he could discover any Alteration made by him ? he did so, and said, There was an Alteration: but he could not say whether he did it or not. — And being asked, Whether he ever made any Alterations in an Original Ingrossment with his own Hand ? he said, At the Time of examining the Ingrossment he had, the Examination being for that Purpose. — And being asked, Whether he recollected to have compared' that Ingrossment with any printed or written Document whatever? he said, He compared it with the House Bill and Amendments, and the printed Act. — . And being asked, Whether the Committee were to-understand by the Word "Alteration," that he meant* correcting the Spelling, and writing the proper Christian Name for the wrong Name inserted ? he said, Certainly, if they can come at that which is right. —; And being asked, Whether the Alterations were usually made in an Ingrossed Hand or in common: Writing? he said, He alters in both. — And being1 asked, Whether it is usual to permit the Agent for a Bill to alter Christian and Surnames at his Pleasure?1 he said, From his Locality and personal Knowledge of People, they rely upon him for Accuracy, and therefore permit it to be done. — And being asked, Who had the House Bill upon the First Examination? he said, He thought it was Richard Jones: And,

Mr. Richard Jones being called in, he was asked, Whether he was the Person that examined the Chelmer: Navigation House Bill with its Amendments* and the Proof Act, with Mr. Robert Ward? he said, He was. — 1 And being asked, Who had the House Bill and Amendments at that Examination ? he said, He had; — And being asked, Whether he had all the Amendments ? he said, He had. — And upon his being shewn the-Original Amendments, he was asked, Whether he had those Amendments in the same State that he now saw them in ? he said, To the best of his Knowledge as. they are now. — And being asked, Whether in his Examination he made any Marks or Ticks upon any of those Papers? he said, No, he did not. — And being; asked, Whether the additional List of Commissioners, ticked in the Manner he now saw it, was ticked when -he examined it ? he said, He could not answer that Question. — And being asked, When he called over the Names of the Commissioners in his Examination, did he mark them off as he went on ? he said, No. — And being asked, Whether he read from the List, or did the Person read who had the Proof Act? he said, He read the House Bill and Amendments. — And being asked, Whether he read the Name of John Strutt ? he said, He might or might not. — And being asked, Whether he had any Reason to believe that he omitted that Name ? he said, No, he had no Reason. — And being asked, Whether he supposed then that he read Mr. John Strutt's Name with others ? he said, He could not charge his Memory whether he did or not. — And being asked, Whether he did or did not suppose he read Mr. John Strutt's Name? he said, He supposed he did. — And being asked, Whether there was

- any

33 Geo. III. 5° yuniu 841

any Conversation upon this Examination respecting (Mr. Leapingwell) had made an Alteration? he said, Report re- Mr. John Strutt's Name ? he said, None at all, to the He did not remember what passed. , specting ait

best of his Recollection. — And being asked, Whether Mr. John Birch being examined, he was asked, there were any other Person or Persons assisting at the Whether he did not receive the Amendments from chelms-Examination besides Mr. Ward? — he said, There was. Mr. White and carry them into the Ingrossing Office? ford Naviga-

— And being asked, Who? he said. His Name was he said, He did not. — Mr. White spoke correctly as to tionBilh

Robert Jones: And upon looking at the House Bill, he that Fact. And,

was asked, Whether that was the Bill he read ? he Mr. John White being called in, said, In searching said, Yes. Yesterday for another Paper, among a great Number

Mr. John White being called in, he was asked, How of loose Papers lying in a Window Seat close to his long was the last Examination of the Ingrossment Seat in his own Office, he found the Paper containing before it was read in the House? he said, The Day the List of Commissioners Names, which in his former before. — And being asked, Whether there is any Form Evidence he said he had not been able to find, and in of examining it more than Once? he said, They are which are interlined the Names of the Commissioners always examined Twice, and sometimes oftener. — And contained in the additional List, and which on the being asked, How long before the last Examination of additional List appear to be ticked off by him, the Third Reading? he said, No certain Time. — And except that the Name of John Strutt is omitted, and being asked. Whether he had, when in the House of that the Name of Joseph Holden Strutt is written by

Lords, on the Day he was informed by Mr. Bramston him John Holden Strutt, which was done by Mistake

of the Omission of the Name of John Strutt, in his and not by Design. [He produced the Paper.] And Possession the copied Paper of the additional Com- being asked, By whom were the Names contained in missioners? he said, It was then lying, with other Waste the Paper (and which were not written by him)

Paper, in their Clerk's Room. — And being asked, How written ? he said, It was a Copy he had from the Clerk

long after did he see it? he said, He could not tell. — who attended the Committee on the Bill.-Itappear-

And being asked, Whether it was on the Morning or ing by the Amendments, that in the List of Proprietors the Evening of that Day? he said, He could not tell, the Name of Benjamin Folkes is inserted between the — And being asked, Whether it was on that Day ? he Names of Francis Abell and John Herringham, and the said, He did not know. — And being asked, Whether Name of John Rennie is also inserted between the he left the Lords Committee Room to search for Names of Alexander Peter Allan and Thomas Cawkwell, it? he said, He thought not. — And being asked, and it appearing by the Ingrossment that the stud Two Whether he showed it to anybody when he found it? Names are omitted, and that an Erasement appears to he said, He believed not. — And being asked, Whether have been made in each of those Places where those he desired anybody to search for it? he said, His Names should have stood; he was asked, How he Clerks looked for it, and found it — And being asked, accounted for the Omissions and the Erasure? he said,

Whether he could say when they shewed it to him ? The Day before the Bill was to be read the Third he said, He could not say the precise Time. — And Time, Mr. Leapingwell came to him in his Office, and being asked, by precise Time, what Length of Time with Words of Anger, Displeasure, and Surprize, he meant? he said, He meant within Two or Three having a printed Bill in his Hand, said " Here is the'

Days. — And being asked, Whether he had not stated, " Name of Rennie," he (the Witness) believes he said that he did not look upon this Matter of any Conse- " Is it Rennie the Surveyor?" Mr said

quence at the Time? he said, He must beg Leave to "Yes, but he has sold his Shares, it is Rennie our

refer to the former Part of his Evidence. — And being " Witness," or Words to that Effect; he replied " We asked, Whether he recollected having the Original " will have him out, or we will leave him out," or some

Amendments in his Possession a little Time after the Words to that Purpose: The Witness further said.

Committee of Lords on the Bill broke up? he said; " Is there any other Witness," he said, "Yes, Folkes;"

He did. — And being asked, Whether he recollected the Witness then said " Well, we will have them all or bringing that to Mr. Hosier's Room? he said, He did. " both out;" meaning thereby that he would do what is

— And being asked, Whether he recollected being de- very usual, prepare an Amendment to be moved on the

sired to carry it to its proper Place ? he said, He did. — Third Reading to leave them out; there the Matter

And being asked, Whether he recollected not com- rested, and Mr. Leapingwell left him. The next

plying with that Desire, but putting it into the Hands Morning he looked to that Part of the Ingrossment of another Person ? he said, He thought he took them for the Purpose of preparing the Amendment, and into* the Ingrossing Office, and there left them, which the Proprietors Names not being, in Alphabetical is the proper Place for them. — And being asked, Order, he read them from one End to the other,

Whether those Persons Opposers to the Bill did not and not finding the Name of John Rennie in, shew an Anxiety to have this lodged in its proper he concluded that either he had misunderstood Mr.

Place? he said, Mr. Birch Junior said he wanted to Leapingwell, or that he had been mistaken, and that the have a Copy, and he tendered them to him to take Name had never been in — The Witness further said, to the Clerk whose Business it was to copy them, but He knew that Mr. Rennie had been a Witness examined Colonel Strutt said, " you took them away, you should at the Committee of the Commons, and he himself " replace them," or Words to that Effect. — And being had long before told him he had sold his Shares — asked, Whether this Conduct of the Opposers demand- Benjamin Folkes he did not find in the Ingrossment — ing a Copy, did not impress on his Mind the Impor- he left the Matter there, and thought no more of it — tant Consequence of the Omission of Mr. Strutt's he further said he was quite certain Mr. Leapingwell Name ? he said, He did not remember to have thought told him Folkes had also sold his Shares — he said, he upon the Subject. — And being asked, Whether Mr. was much concerned that he made no further Search,

Leapingwell informed him of any Alteration he had by examining the House Bill and Amendments with made in the Ingrossment in his (the Witness's) Office? the Ingrossment, if he had so done he should have dis-he said, He thought he told him (the Witness) he covered the Mistake, should have re-instated the Names, had altered John to Joseph. — And being asked, Whe- and have prepared a Motion for leaving them out, but ther he recollected when? he said, He did not. — And this happened.in a Time when he was excessively hur-being asked, If it was before the Bill was read the ried indeed, that it never occurred to him that Mr.

Third Time? he said, He was pretty sure it was. — Leapingw would have erased the Names himself. — And being asked, Whether he recollected making any And being asked, Whether he mentioned this Cir-Reply to Mr. Leapingwell when he informed him he cuinstance to the Chairman, or any other Member of Vol. 48. 10 E the l

l

842

the House of Commons? he stud. He never mentioned or thought of the Circumstance again 'till the Error was discovered in the House of Lords. — And being asked, Whether be prepared any Amendment ? he said, He did not; that be looked to the Ingrossment for that Purpose, but not finding the Names there, he could not prepare an Amendment to leave them out. — And being asked, Whether Mr. Rennie was examined as an Evidence before the Committee at the House of Lords? he said, Yes. — And being asked, Whether Mr. Folkes was examined as an Evidence before the

House of Lords? he said, He believed not. — And being asked. Whether Mr. Rennie declared upon a Question being put before he was examined at the Committee of the House of Lords, that he was not a Proprietor of the Navigation ? he said, Mr. Rennie said he had a long Time before sold his Shares out and out. — And being asked, Whether Mr. Rennie had told him to whom he had sold his Shares? he said, He had within these few Days, since the Bill came from the I<ords, told him all the Circumstances, and he thinks he named Clacker: And,

Mr. leapingwell being called in, and asked, Whether

he knew anything of the Erasures of the Names of Betyamin Folkes and John Rennie from the ingrossed

Bill? he said, He made the Erasures. — And being asked, When he made them ? he said. At the Time of the examining the Bill the Day before it was read the Third Time in the House of Commons. — And being asked, How he came to make them ? he said, Upon finding their Names in the Ingrossment, he left the Ingrossing Office, where he had been examining the Bill, and went with a printed Bill in his Hand to Mr. White's Office, and told Mr. White that the Names of John Rennie and Benjamin Folkes should not have been in the Ingrossment, as they bad long since sold their Shares, upon which he said " We must leave them out " or take them out," or some such Words,-by which he understood he was to take them out; he returned to the Ingrossing Office, and took them out accordingly. — And being asked, Whether any Person was present when he erased the Names? he said, The same Clerk with whom he examined it, was he believed there at that Moment. — And being asked, Whether he communicated to any Person whatsoever that he had erased those Two Names? he said, He did to Mr. White.

— And being asked, When? he said, After the examining the Whole of the Bill on the Evening he did it. — And being asked. When he first knew Mr. Rennie had sold out? he said, It was in the Month of he thought the Ninth. — And being asked, Whether he prepared any Transfer of the Share of Mr. Rennie? he said, He filled up a a printed blank Agreement for a Transfer. — And being asked, Whether it was for an immediate Transfer, or for a future Day ? he said, A Transfer he believed to take place after the Act should be obtained. — And being asked, When J Folkes informed him that be had sold his Share ? he said. Some Months ago. — And being asked. If he knew whether any other of the Proprietors now standing upon the Bill had sold their Shares ? he said, He believed some of them had.

Mr. John Rennie being called, was asked, Whether he was a Proprietor of the Ch Navigation? he said,

He had been, but was not now — Ana being asked. If he had sold his Shares ? he said, He had absolutely sold them; that he sold them on the Eighth of last March, and was paid for them on the Ninth. — And being asked, Who he sold them to? he said, Mr. Wedge sold them for him to Mr. Clacker; they were in fact sold in January, but some Dispute prevented the Transfer 'till March.

Mr. Leapingwell being again called in, and his former

Evidence being read over to him, was asked, When he informed Mr. White that he had made the Erasure of the Names of John Retmie and Benjamin Folkes in the 9

A. 1793.

Ingrossment of the Bill, what Answer Mr. White made to him ? he said, He did not recollect he made any Answer; Three or Four People were round Mr. White a Desk talking to him, that be (the Witness) only just opened the Door to tell Mr. White that he had done, and would be down in the Morning. — And being asked,. If he saw Mr. White next Morning? he said, He saw him, but could not recollect at what Time. — And being asked, When he opened the Door in the Way he mentioned, what were the precise Words he made use of to Mr, White, as far as he could recollect ? he said, He could not recollect then, because he was in a Hurry at that Time.

Mr. Benjamin Folkes was called iu, and asked. Whether he was a Proprietor of the Chelmer Navigation ? he said, He had been, but disposed of his Shares near Five Months ago, and received the Money for them instantly; they were sold to the Reverend Mr. Maynard, Brother to Lord Maynard.

Mr. John White was again called in, and asked. When he next saw Mr. Leapingreell after he had told him that the Names of John Rennie and Benjamin Folkes must be taken out of the ingrossed Bill ? he said, He could not recollect the precise Time, but he should suppose it was that Evening; he should suppose Mr. Leapingwell would not have left the House without seeing him. — And being asked, If he recollected anything to have passed between them that Evening upon the Subject of the Erasement or otherwise? he said, He did not recollect that anything passed. — And being asked, If Mr. Leapitigwell ever told him that he bad made the Erasement, and when? he said, Yes, within these few Days, since the Error was discovered in the Committee of the House of Lords, but certainly not before the Bill passed the House of Commons.

And it appearing that an irregular Allusion was made, in the Evidence stated in the said Report, in relation to what had passed in the House, on an Amendment being proposed to be made to One of the Amendments reported from the Committee on the said Bill, when the Name of a Person was added to be One of the Commissioners for carrying the Act into execution; and it also appearing that there were other Passages in the said Report which required Alter* ation;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee who were appointed to enquire into the Matter of the said Complaint.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the said County.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

P. u. 1.40. After " Mill" insert " and Beleigh

" Mill."

Ordered, That the said Amendment be taken info further Consideration upon thia Day Six Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BM for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the Town of Chelmsford, or some Part of the Parish of Springfield, in the County of Essex, and a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the said County: And that Mr. sion and Sir John Jervis do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable

Communication

Lords

Amendment to Chelmsford Navigation Bill put off for 6 Months.

Chelmsford Navigation Bill ordered*

Chelmsford Navigation Bill presented.

Quest. Neg. for bringing of a Petition of Mr. 01-miuft.

Dotcby of Cornwall Leases Bill committed.

Bill for further settling the Annuity on the Heirs of Lord Rodney presented.

Report respecting Bounties for Masters and Surgeons of Slave Ships.

33 Gko. III. 6° Junii.

843

Communication between the Town of Chelmsford, or some Part of the Parish of Springfield, in the County of Essex, and a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Note. The House having taken into Consideration that the former Bill, which was presented upon the nth Day of March last, bad under* gone the fullest Investigation, the same having been much contested in its Progress through the House, and that the House had put off the further Consideration of the Amendment made by the Lords to the said Bill, on Account of the Circumstances stated in the Report from the Committee to whom the Complaint last before-mentioned was referred, and the Bill now presented appearing to be the same with the former Bill, except only with respect to such Alterations as appeared to be requisite in Conformity to the Matter stated in the said Report, the House made the Order before-mentioned for reading the said Bill a Second lime Tomorrow Morning, and directed the special Reasons to be entered in this Place.

A Petition of the Honourable John Olmus, praying to be heard by his Counsel, against the said Bill, being offered to be presented to the House;

And the Question being pat, That the said Petition be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

A Bill to enable His Royal Highness George Prince! of Wales to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resobed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committtee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Heirs Male of the Body of the late Lord Rodney, to whom the Barony of Rodney shall

descend, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Cases, to Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of One hundred Pounds be allowed to each Master, and Fifty Pounds to each Surgeon of every Ship employed in conveying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, upon Proof being made that not more than Two Slaves in each Hundred that shall have been taken on board such Ships have died, and of

Vol.48.

Fifty Pounds to each Master, and Twenty-five Pounds to each Surgeon, where not more than Three Slaves in each Hundred have died within a certain Period.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the Shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, That they do make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, accord- to coning to Order, a Bill to continue, for a limited Time, amend Acts

for regulating the shipping of Slaves presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, to Mr. Stroth-whom the Petition of Arthur Strother, Agent on behalf er'8 Potion of his Catholic Majesty, was referred; That the Com- reporte mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, It appeared by the Memorial of Morgan and presented to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, that to or about the Month of February last, a Cargo of Tobacco, the Produce of West Florida, was brought on board a Spanish Ship called The San Juan Bauptista, from New Orleans, into the Port of Plymouth; and stating that the said Cargo was originally intended for Nantz, in the Kingdom of France, but the same was brought into the Port of Plymouth, on Account of the Hostilities between Spain and that Country, with a Request that the said Cargo might be admitted to an Entry in this Kingdom as Tobacco imported from the Countries belonging to the United States of America.

And it further appeared, That by a Warrant to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, the said Lords of the Treasury directed that the said Cargo should be admitted to Entry, on the Payment of the Duty of One Shilling and Three Pence per Pound Weight, being the Duty payable on Tobacco of the Growth or Production of His Majesty's Colonies in America, or the United States of America, on Condition that Security should be given to His Majesty for the Payment of the Duty of Three Shillings and Six Pence per Pound Weight on the said Tobacco, unless Provision should be made by Parliament for admitting the same on the lower Duty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Warehoused Tobacco, is committed.

That they have Power to receive a Clause to permit certain Tobacco of the Spanish Dominions to be admitted to Entry on Payment of the British Plantation Duties.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Bill for alter-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom ing the Du-the Bill for repeating the Duties and Drawbacks on Drawbacks Figs, and for granting and allowing other Duties and on Figs, Ate. Drawbacks in lieu thereof; for charging a Duty ou reported, the Importation, and allowing a Drawback on the Exportation, of Virginal Wire of Copper; for en>-

powering

ana to amena, several Acts or parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

844 5° Junii. 1793.

powering the Commissioners of the Customs to authorize their Officers to make Allowance for Damages received by Goods during the Voyage; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to sell Vessels, liable to be broken up, to private Persons, to be used as Privateers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Committee Ordered ', That the Order of the Day, for the House

on Bill for resojve itself into a Committee of the whole House, moie effec- upon the Bill for rendering more effectual an Act of tual Com- the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act mercial " for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Credit Act. Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the " Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Bill to con- An ingrossed Bill for further continuing, for a tinue Act for Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-tfeson^st seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-Horses tituled, "An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, passed. " or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time " being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, " made in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let to Hire for travelling " Post, and by Time, to such Persons as should be " willing to contract for the same," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Lord High Treasurer,- or Commissioners of the " Treasury'for the Time being, to let to Farm the " Duties granted'by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth " Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let " to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to such - " Persons as should be willing to contract for the " same."

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Consolidated Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Fund Bill from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the reported. gjj for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported Sugar and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Coff" ®l11 the Bill to amend an Act made in the last Session of reported‘ Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the " Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the " Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee, into " the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships," and for reducing the Bounty on refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships, was committed, the1 Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a cer- Lottery Bill tain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was passed, read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ®n for upon the Bill for the better Regulation of Warehoused ofe§J‘a^on Tobacco, be now read.; housed To-

And the said Order being read accordingly; bacco.

The House resolved itself into the said- Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

- Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee*

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Serjeant Watson, according to Order, reported Southern from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Whale F»h-the Bill to allow Ships, carrying on the Southern B^lrepMUdl. Whale Fishery to the North of the Equator, the same Premium as they are now entitled to, if they do not pass the Equator, was committed, foe Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to foe House; and he read foe Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at foe Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by foe House.

Ordered, That foe Bill, with foe Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That foe Order of the Day, for the Second Scotch Dis-Reading of the Bill for the Regulation of Distilleries tillery.Bl11

° ° committed.

in

845

in Scotland, and the Exportation of made Spirits

from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill for abolishing the Trade for supplying foreign Territories with Slaves deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the House Ho^T^tb *° resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Bai. e to consider further of the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops, planted in Fields in the Parish of in the County of

Surrey;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair; ,

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeaa,

Tetler. for the Noes, {$£ f£5er . } 45-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sumner took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jam, 6* die Junii;

Chelmsford, or some Part of the Parish of Springfield, in the County of Essex, and a Place called Colliers Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the said County, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ston, the Earl of Carhampton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to Committee sit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow to sit To-Morning. morrow-

An ingrosBed Bill to amend an Act, passed in the Anglesey Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Copper Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Drawback Mines Bill " of the Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper v " and Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and Lead Mines,

" within the Isle of Anglesey," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Drawback of the " Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and " Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water " out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle " of Anglesey."

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thomas Stanley reported from the Committee, Salford, War-to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing, widen- rington, &c. ing, and improving, certain Roads leading to and ^oada Bill from the Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and nf0Tt Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Duxbury Stocks, and also the Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Anno 33* Georgii III*U Regis, 1793. Praters.

Faroham JDESOLVED, That this House will, Tomorrow

Bufdeferred. Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops planted in Fields in the Parish of Farnham, in the County of Surrey.

Chelmsford Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Navigation Reading of the Bill for making and maintaining a Bi commit- j^vjgabie Communication between the Town of Vox* 48.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dav, for the Third Bewicke's reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Divorce Bill An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend PasMd* Calverley John Bewicke, Clerk, with Mary Elizabeth, otherwise Mary Eliza Vaughan, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

10 F Ordered,

846 6 yunii. A. 1793.

Day ap- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Ao ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Odibamaod

pointed for whom the Bill for making a new {Street from Saint ftoad from to Alton, in the County of South-Alton Road

receiving George's Road, w the Parish of Christ ckujxh, in the was read the Third Time, Bl11 Passtd-

St George's County of Surrey, through Holland's Leogure, into and Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Road, street, across The Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel be. An Act for repairing and widening the Hoad from ftc. Bill. Lane, in the said Parish, and for discontinuing, as a to Alton, in the County of Southampton.

public Highway, Part of a Street called The Upper Ordered, That Mr. date do carry the Bill to the Ground Street, in the said Parish, was committed, be Lords, and desire their Concurrence, received upon Monday Morning next.

Accent of Bconties paid to Captain* and Surgeons of Slave Ships presented

Bill for Encouragement of Seamen deferred.

Vyse's Exchange Bill passed.

The House being informed that Mr. Nielson, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Bounties paid by the Receiver General of His Majesty's Customs in England, in pursuance of Orders of the Commissioners, to Captains and Surgeons of African Slave Ships, in consequence of Certificates from the Collectors of the Customs in the West India Islands.

And theu he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Enoou-ragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order beingread accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into ftuther Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Richard William Howard Pyse, an Infant Trustee, to join in making an Exchange of Part of the Estate of the most nohle Charles Duke of Norfolk, with Francis Ferrand Foljambe, Esquire, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepus and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for placing the Stock, called East India Annuities under tire Management of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and ingrafting the same on the Three Pounds per Centum reduced Annuities, in Redemption of a Debt of Four Millions Two hundred Thousand Pounds owing by the Public to the East India Company, and for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money by a further Increase of their Capital Stock, to be applied in Discharge of certain Debts of the said Company; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain forfeited Estates in Ireland, subject to the Disposition of the Parliament of Ireland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reigo of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to cootinoe and " render more effectual Two Acts, passed in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, " and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market " Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of u Leicester, and for repairing, widening, turning, and " altering, the Road branching out of the aforesaid " Road at a Place called Filling Gate, to a Road called The Foes Rond, and from thence to the Turnpike " Road leading from Melton Mowbray to the Guide " Post in Saint Margarets Leicesterwithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Helper, to Duff eld, in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.;

Th. Lords have agreed

Bflt for placing Bait India Annuities under the Management of the Bank, Zee.

Bill respecting forfeited Estates in Ireland.

Market Har-borough Road Bill.

Heage and Duffield Road Bill.

Bath Roads Sir Tohn Trevelyan reported from the Committee, to Bill reported, whom the Bill for enlarging the Term granted and continued by several Acts passed for repairing and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown Hill and the City of Bath, and for amending several other Highways leading to the said City, and also for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, and for repealing the several Powers Contained in the said Acts, and granting others instead thereof, for the Improvement and Repair of the said Roads, was committed; That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House'; and he read the Report in his Plaee; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ar ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties and Bill for aim. Drawbacks on Figs, and for granting and - allowing *?g the Du-other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; for charg- Drawbacks ing a Duty on the Importation, and allowing a Draw- on Fig*, 4c. back on the Exportation, of Virginal Wire of Copper; passed, for empowering the Commissioners of the Customs to authorize their Officers to make Allowance for Damages received by Goods during the Voyage; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to sell Vessels, liable to be broken up, to private Persons, to be used as Privateers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the BiH do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, and for granting and allowing other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; for charging a Duty on the Importation, and allowing a Drawback on the Exportation, of Virginal Wire of Copper; for empowering the Commissioners of the Customs to authorize their Officers to make Allowance for Damages received by Goods during the Voyage; and for authorwing the Commissioners of the Customs and . s . Excise

Southern Whale Fish-try Premium Bill passed.

Bill for rendering more effectual Commercial Credit Act reported.

Committee on Dutchy of Cornwall Leases Bill.

Bill to repeal so much of Vagabonds, See, Act as relates to Soldiers and Manners, committed.

Heston's Leases B31

read.

847

Excise to sell Vessels, liable to be broken up, to private Persons, to be used as Privateers. "

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hdbart do carry tlhe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to allow to Ships, carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery to the North of the Equator, the same Premium as they are now entitled to, if they do not pass the Equator, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to allow to Ships, carrying on the Southern "Whale Fishery to the North of the Equator, the same Premium as they are now entitled to, if they do not pass the Equator.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to 'whom the Bill for rendering more effectual ati Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling " His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, " to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the " Manner, therein mentioned," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, In at ' the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel ot His said Royal Highness's Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Anstruther took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Anstruther reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed BiB from the Lords/ intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain " and amend an Act, of the Seventeenth of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to amend u and make more effectual the Laws relating to " Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly " Persons, ana to Houses of Correction," as relates to Soldiers and Mariners, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ttie said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sarah Heaton, Widow, Mother and Voi. 48.

Guardian of John Heaton,a Minor, to grant Building Leases, during his Minority, of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, was read tbp First Time.

Resolved, That the Bfll be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill, for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a Time to be limited, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Comr mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the 'Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for further settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Heirs Male of the Body of the late Lord Rodney, to whom the Barony of Rodney shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Lord Rodney to His Majesty, and the Public^ be now read.

And the 6akl Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, That the House of Commons, taking into Consideration the State of the Impeachment now depending against Warren Hastings, Esquire, together with the advanced Period of the Session, are convinced that it is not only impossible to obtain Judgment on their several Charges, but to complete their Reply to the Defence on more than One principal Head thereof, and even that with great Inconvenience; and being of Opinion that it would be prejudicial to the Cause of Justice, in any Point of view, that the Course of the Reply should be broken, and the Attention of the Court divided on the Matter of the said Impeachment, the Whole of which their Lordships have considered as One Cause, they desire the Lords to postpone any further Proceedings on the same till the next Session of Parliament, when the Commons will be ready and desirous to attend from Day to Day, if their Lordships think fit, to make good their Charges;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, ^r. }

Teller, for he N«s, . }«.

So it passed in the Negative:

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback

" and

Committee on Scotch Distillery Bill.

Bill for further settling the Annuity on the Heirs of&ofed Rodney committed*

Motion for Message to the Lords to postpone Mr. Hastings's Trial till next Session.

Weg.' '

Sugar and Coffee Bill passed.

Committee on Bill for preventing destroying or damaging Ships, &c.

Report from Committee respecting making the Approach to both Houses of Parliament more convenient.

e yunii. A. 1793.

" and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar' " ana Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, " in Foreign Ships," and for reducing the Bounty on refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 4. To leave out " Sixty-five" and insert

" Sixty" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Sixty*five" stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for regulating the " Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the " Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and Coffee into " the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in Foreign Ships," and for reducing the Bounty on refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for better preventing of Offences in setting Fire to, destroying, or damaging Ships, or other Vessels, and in forcibly obstructing the navigating of Ships, or other Vessels, or obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dent took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dent reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, appointed to inquire into a Method of making the Approach to both Houses of Parliament more convenient, by removing the Building at the End of the Court of Exchequer which extends into the Street between New Palace Yard and Saint Margaret Street, or such Part of the said Building as shall be found necessary for the Purpose before mentioned, and the Sheds and Buildings thereunto annexed; and, also to prepare a Plan of such Work, and an Estimate, of the Expence thereof, and report the same, with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee, having inspected, in the First Place, the particular Situation and Position of the Building referred to, in the Order appointing this Committee, are clearly of Opinion, that it will be extremely expedient for the House to adopt some Measure, by which the great Inconvenience occasioned by this Building may be removed as speedily as the Circumstances after mentioned will permit. This Incon-

venience and Obstruction proceeds not only from the Passage between New Palace Yard and Saint Margaret Street being so much contracted as it is at present, but from the particular Inclination of the Line passing through the Building, and the Deviation of the said Passage by the North-West End of the Building, from the direct Line leading out of Parliament Street towards Saint Margaret Street, which renders that Place extremely incommodious and dangerous both to Carriages and Persons passing that Way. These Circumstances would be noticed as producing great Inconvenience in Situations much less frequented; but the Matter seems to require particular Attention, when it is considered that this is tire only Way to both Houses of Parliament, ana much frequented as an Approach to the Courts of Justice in Westminster Hall. Your Committee think it unnecessary to say mote to induce the House to take such Steps for the Removal of this Inconvenience as to them shall seem proper: And your Committee have also, for the same Reason, thought it unnecessary to receive any Evidence respecting Accidents which have happened at this Place from the Circumstances before mentioned, although your Committee have been informed, that Persons living near the Spot, and others, would have been able to have laid before them very material Evidence on that Head.

Your Committee, in the next Place, inspected the Inside of the said Building, and they find, that it consists of a Ground Floor, of a First and Second Floor, and of Garrets in the Roof

On the Ground Floor there are Apartments claimed by John Wtalter Heneage, Esquire, as Hereditary Chief Usher of the Court of Exchequer: These Apartments are now occupied by Devereux Davis, Esquire, his Deputy, and have been so for upwards of Forty Years last past, and by the Chief Ushers themselves, or their Deputies, for more than a Century past.

On the First Floor there are Two Rooms, both of them appropriated to the Office of King's Remembrancer. The First Room, called The Long Room, and the Inner Room at the North-West End of the Building, called The Seizure Room, both of which are furnished with Shelves and Presses, and contain valuable and important Records.

On the Second Floor there is a Room divided into Three Compartments, also furnished with Shelves and Presses, Two of them containing very important Records belonging to the Augmentation Office, and One of those Compartments containing Records belonging to the Pipe Office.

The Two Garrets situated towards the Southern Side of the said Building, contain Papers belonging to the Office of King's Remembrancer; and a small Garret, situated at the North-West End of the Roof, contains Papers belonging to the Augmentation Office, and in a Portion of a Garret on the North-East Side of the Building, there are Papers belonging to the Pipe Office.

Your Committee, in considering of the Measures proper to be taken to remedy the Inconvenience complained of, required John Thomas Groves, Esquire, an Architect, to prepare Plans, descriptive of the Situation and present State of the said Building, and the proposed Alterations.

Mr. Groves accordingly laid before your Committee,

A General Survey of the Line of the Streets, lead- Appendix, ing from the Middle of Parliament Street to the End of Abingdon Street: And also,

A Plan of the Apartments on the Ground Floor of (B) the said Building, which extends into the Street between New Palace Yard, and Saint Margaret Street, now occupied by Devereux Davis, Esquire: And also,

A Plan

33 Geo. III. 6® Junii. 849

Appendix, A Plan of the Two Rooms on the First Floor of the said Building, belonging to the Office of King's Remembrancer: And also,

(D) A Plan of the several Compartments on the Second

Floor of the said Building, belonging to the Augmentation Office and Pipe Office:

Which Plans are subjoined in the Appendix, marked These (A) (B) (C) and (D) *.

preserved With respect to the present State and Condition of with the the Records and Papers in the said several Offices, your Report. Committee, having been appointed for a different Purpose, do not think it would be proper for them to make any Report to the House relative thereto; but, upon Inspection, it occurred to your Committee, that the Records and Papers there deposited (which appear to be of very considerable Importance) might be preserved and arranged in a Manner more convenient to the Officers who have the Care of them, and to the Public, if proper Places and Accommodations were provided for that Purpose.

Before your Committee took any further Steps in the Matter referred to them, they thought it proper and respectful to communicate on the Subject with the Right honourable the Lord Chief Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer; and several Members of your Committee wraited on him for that Purpose; when his Lordship was pleased to express his entire Concurrence in whatever might tend to the Convenience of the Public in this Respect, provided that Care was taken for the due Preservation and Arrangement- of the Records of that Court, and the same were not removed to any Place detrimental to them, or inconvenient to the Officers or Suitors of the Court.

John Walker Heneage, Esquire, (a Member of this House) having attended your Committee, informed them, That he is Hereditary Chief Usher of the Court of Exchequer, and derives his Office under a G rant" originally made in the Time of King Henry the Second; and that, as such Officer, he has an Interest in Part of the Premisses which are the Subject of this Enquiry; and that he has always understood it to be Part of the Duty of his Office, that either he as Principal, or his Deputy, should reside in this Building, which contains the Records before mentioned; all of which are in the Charge of himself, as such Officer, or his Deputy; and that for this Purpose, the whole of the Ground Floor of the said Building had been allotted for the Residence of himself, or his Deputy, as above mentioned.

Mr. Heneage also stated. That if a Residence could be provided for his Deputy at a small Distance from the Offices before mentioned, he conceived that no material Inconvenience would happen from it, and that if it was necessary for the Public Accommodation to remove this Building, he was ready to part with the Interest claimed by him therein for a reasonable Compensation.

Mr. Heneage further stated to the Committee, That a Public House fronting towards New Palace , known by the Sign of The Coach and Horses, bad been built upon Part of the Premisses annexed to the said Apartments in which his Deputy lives, which Public House had been leased by himself and his Predecessors to divers Tenants for more than an Hundred Years last past.

And, upon the Whole, Mr. Heneage desired to leave the Consideration of the Value of his Interest in the Premisses to be ascertained by his Solicitor, Mr. Thomas Marsh Hughes, and such Person as the Committee would be pleased to appoint, to confer with Mr. Hughes on the Subject: Whereupon the Committee determined, that Mr. Grover, before mentioned, should confer with Mr. Hughes, as to the Value of the Interest claimed by Mr. in the Premisses, and

Appendix reP°rt the same to the Committee. In consequence of "(E) ' which Mr. Groves, by his Report, dated the 23d Day Vot. 48.

of May, 1793, informed your Committee, That in Report od Obedience to their Order, he had conferred with Improving Mr. Hughes, and having viewed the Premisses, and the Ap-considered the Value of the Interest claimed by [J[eHoi»et0 Mr. Heneage, as above stated, he was of Opinion, that the same would amount to the Sum of Fifty Pounds per Annum, clear of all Deductions: Which Report, made by Mr. Groves, is contained in the Appendix hereunto annexed, marked (E).

Although it is not immediately applicable to thd Matter now in Consideration, your Committee cannot refrain from stating in this Place to the House, by Way of Observation, and as an additional Motive to the House to provide for the better Security of these Records, that the Apartments in which the Deputy Usher resides, have in them a large Kitchen Chimney, at the South-West End of the Building, and Two or Three other Chimnies besides, the Flues of which pass to the Top of the Building, close to the Parts where the Records are deposited; and that the Public House has Chimnies built up in the same Manner, the'

Smoke of One of them being conveyed by a slight Tin Funnel, which ends near One of the Window^ of the said Building; and that Part of the same House is constructed with Weather Boards, covered with I^itch, and is in immediate Contact with the Outer Wall of the said Building. — The Danger arising from these Circumstances is too obvious to require any Observation.

Subsequent to Mr. Groves's Report, Mr. Heneage further informed your Committee, That there are certain Officers in the Court of Exchequer, who are appointed by the Chief Usher for Life, and are entitled to certain Fees for Searches amongst the Records contained in the said Building; and Mr. Heneage requested, that the Committee would consider o making some Compensation in respect thereof, in case it should be found expedient to remove any of the Records contained therein to another Place. Your Committee thereupon called Mr. Samuel Baker, One of the Ushers of the Court of Exchequer; and he informed your Committee, That the Court Keeper of the said Court, who is also one of the Ushers,-receives Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence a Term,-in lieu of Fees for Searches in the Augmentation Office, from the Keeper of the Records therein, and certain Fees, for Searches made amongst the other Records belonging to the Court of Exchequer out of Term Time; and the Witness stated to your Committee, That he conceived, if the Sum of Three Pounds per Annum was to be allowed for every Loss to be sustained by the Removal or other Disposal of the Records proposed to be deposited at Somerset Place, from under the Care'of the Usher, the same would be an adequate Compensation.

Your Committee, in the next Place, entered upon an Examination with respect to the Records belonging to the Office of the King's Remembrancer; And,

Francis Ingram, Esquire, Deputy King's Remembrancer, being called, informed your Committee, That he knows the Room at the North-West End of the Long Room, in the said Building, which is called The Seizure Room: That the Records contained in it are chiefly (as he understands) the Depositions taken in Causes before the Barons in Term, and the Enrolments of Public Accounts. That there are several Chests m it, containing a Variety of unsorted Papers, which, it Is apprehended, do not at all concern or relate to the Court of Exchequer; and that these Papers are noticed in a Report of the Deputy Remembrancer to a Committee of this House, made on the 21st of March 1731. — That there, are no Indexes or Calendars to the Records in the Seizure Room, and they do not appear to be in a regular State; but the Depositions

10 G are

850 6® Junil ' A. 1793.

Report oh W*e kitd up tfi Bundles, and may be easily referred to improving krid the Enrolments art plated together in Years: And Afc he added. That these Records are very seldom resorted

theftotrte. to And being asked, Whether there is sufficient Space in the Seizure Room for thfe growing Number of Stich Records and Papers as Ought to be kept in It ? he said, Certainly not; and that rt is a Very inconvenient Room.

Your Committee then referred to the Report of the Deputy of the King's Remembrancer, laid before the Committee of this House, appointed to View the Cottonian Library, and other Public Records of the King-Commons aom. W hich Report is dated the a l st of March 1731,

Reports, and is entered in thp First Volume of the printed Re-

Vol. I. p.5i3- ports of this House.

And the Witness being further examined, sard, That Jti the Long Room, adjoining to the Seizure Room upon the South, therfe is contained the Memoranda described in the RtepOrt of 1731, and also Bills, Answers, and Depositions takeh by Commission, and the Books containing Indexes thereto, described in the said Report. And being asked, Whether there tide atiy other Rooms, in that Part of the Ruftding proposed to be taken down, which are appropriated to the Cse of the Kind's RemetiibraVice'r ? he Slid, There are Two Garrets Over the South End of the Ldft'v Rohm, which contain fe Very large Collection of ancient Port Books: These are Books returned frO'in the several Potts in England, containing Port Entries of the Customers, Collectors, and Comptrollers, which are very numerous, and in great Cohfusion, being seldom resorted to; and that there are also in these Garrets a Ntimber of Bags, containing Ptirticqlars of the Accounts of the Receivers General of the Land Tax. And being asked, Whether he recollected that these Port Books had ever bden resorted to? he said, Not in his Memory.

r

Your Committee then called Edward Taylor, Esquire (who had tifeen 'present during the Examination Of Mr. Ingram) who said, That he held the Office Of Second Secretary in the Court of Exohequfcr, and was also Clerk of the Port Bonds in the same Gffide. And being asked, Whether feny of the Recdrdfe or Pfepers before mentioned could be -removed to any Distance from die Gdurt Of Exchequer, without Inconvenience to the Public? he said, He should think those Records in the Garrets (commonly Called the Brick Tower) might be removed to a mdre distant Situation Withotft Inconvenience; but none of the other Records could, in his Opinion, be removed to any Distance, without much Incdnvenience to the Clerks and Suitors of the Court: And he added, That as It wais material that those Records Should be kept in Rooms contiguous to the Court of Exchequer, he should -apprehend, that if the Rooms in which the Augmentation and Pipe Records are kept were vacated, those Rooms would be the most convenient to be substituted :in the Place of such as the Office may be-deprived of by-the Demolition of such Part of the Building as is proposed to be taken down.

Your Chmfoltfee'tlfeti proceeded ‘to make Enquiry, with respect to the Records belonging to the Augtheh-tddon Office; And,

John CalCy, Esquire, Keeper of the Records in the ‘Augtiteritetioti Office, being called;

Common* And htiving"referred tb an Account Of the Records Reports, in the s'aid Office, contained in an Appendix to the Vol. I. P-512- said Report from the Committee appointed‘to‘View life Cottonian Libraiy;

Mr. Caley'ssM, That the satnfe appeared to be Correct, as to What were the Records contained in His Office; but with respect to the Arrangement,' stime Alteration has takeh place: That in the Year T764, the Lords Commissioners Of the Treasury appointed Sir Joseph Ayliffe, Baronet,

CL. D. and Thomas Astle, Esquire, to superintend the methodising and digesting of these Records: by virtue of which Appointment, Twenty-one Volumes in Folio of Repertories or Calendars were made to these Records; and others have been since made and

Purchased by him; so that the major Part of the tecords may be easily referred to in the present Arrangement And he further informed your Committee, That there are Two Rooms and a Garret Occupied by the Records belonging to his Office. One of these Rooms is over the Long Room and Seizure Room, in which the Records of the King's Remem* brattfcer's Office are deposited; and the other Room is situate at the End of a Room belonging to the Pipe Office, and is also over Part of the Long Room and that the Garrtet is over the North End of the Augmentation Office. And being asked, Whether die Records contained in these several Rooms, could be removed to ah'y Distance from the Churt of Exchequer without Inconvenience to the Public ? he said, He should apprehend they might; and he stated, That they are at jpre-sent certainly in a dangerous Situation in case of Fire, especially on Account of the Public House above mentioned.

Your Committee next entered into an Examination, with respect to the Records belonging to the Pipe Office* and oalled,

Thomas Lmcten, Esquire, Deputy Clerk of the Pipe; who, being examined, said, That the Records which are kept in the Pipe Office, alining, to the Augfirtenta* tion Office, are in the Custody of Ibid.Witham Bett-tinck. Clerk of the Pipe, to whom he is Deputy.

And having referred to the Report of the Deputy Clerk of the Pipe, dated the i-6th of, March. 1731-, JaM before the 'said Committee appointed to view the Commons Cottonian Library;

And the Witness being examined..upon tine Subject °-l-P-5'»-of the said Report, he deformed ydor Committee,

That the Report in -every Respect applies to the iprefeeot Time, except that the Office is kept at Somerset Place, instead of Grays Inn; and the Records, which were formerly kept at 'Grays Inh, are now removed <r-

set Place, where they remain in the Custody of Lord William Bentinck. And the Witness further said, That he superintends them, as well as those which ane deposited, at the Office at Westminster. And being asked,

Whether the Records which are now deposited in the Room adjoining to the Augmentation Office, cooht be removed to Somerset Place, without Inconvenience to the Public? he said, He thought they 'might, provided they were to be. kept -in a -dry Situation: like further said, That the References-to the Records we frequent, both atPlace and at .; land

he thinks, that the-Records in Somerset Place, bdth in Point of Convenience and Preservation, are prdpetly disposed. That those Records are of modem Date, being from the Time of George the 'First toRae present Time; and it is his Opinion, that the Business of ttbe Office would be facilitated by -the Records being all deposited in the same Place.

Your* Committee riOift examined Esquivq,

One of the Sworn* Clerks in the Pipe Office, who said.

That he‘has been in the ‘Office upwards of Thirty-six Years, and he concurs in every -Particular with the Testimony given -by 'Mr. Lotvten. And being asked,

Whether there Is Hpy additional 'Expence. incurred by the Public, in consequence of the Records being 'deposited in different Places? 'he said. That a Search "atnOqgst the Records 'dt Westminster is Ten Shillings, and a Seferdh ttlade at the ^Office sit Somerset Place is too ftiore'than Three Shillings and Four'Pence; but he Cati ‘have tob Objection'to the ''Records being removed ‘tb Sotnertlt Pftfceontbftt Account, as the Smallness of *the Tee is apply compensated by the Diminution of 'the Trouble.

Your

6° yunii.

851

Appendix

(F).

Your Committee then called Allatson , Esquire, who being examined, said, That he is a Sworn Clerk in the Pipe Office, and has been in the Office for upwards of Thirty-six Years ;and he concurs in the Testimony given by Mr. Lcrwten and Mr. Sykes, with respect to the Records belonging to the Office.

Your Committee having obtained this Information, with respect to the Records and Papers deposited in the said Building, proceeded, in the next Place, to make Inquiry respecting the Places to which the said Re-coids, or such Part thereof as is after mentioned, might be removed without Inconvenience to the Public, or to the Officers of the Court; and for this Purpose your Committee, or some of its Members, have several Times inspected Rooms and Apartments at Somerset Place, and also such Rooms, Apartments, and other vacant Spaces, as might be proper for the Purpose before mentioned, m or adjoining to the Court of Exchequer, or at a small Distance from the said Court. And,

Sir William Chambers, Surveyor General of the Office of Works, attending your Committee, was examined, and informed your Committee, That there is «t Somerset Place a good deal of Room, in different Parts of the Buildings, suited for the Lodgement of Records; some of which is' very light: That the -Whole is arched with Brick, and covered with Lead; and very dry, and free from Damp: That there is a thorough Draught of Air every where, and Flues for building Stoves, if required: That there are Record Rooms appropriated to the Pipe Office, and to others of the Exchequer Offices, and to the Auditor's Office: That there is Part of the Building unappropriated, which corresponds to the Record Room occupied by the 'CoownissioUem of Public Accounts, and that the same is very spacious, and well adapted 'to the present Purpose.

Your Committee thereupon adjourned to Somerset Place, and went with Sir William Chambers and Mr. Grovet, to view the Apartments in that Building which can be appropriated for depositing such Records as may be removed thither from the Exchequer: When Sir William Chambers pointed out to your Committee several Rooms and Apartments, which appeared to them to be very convenient for that Purpose.

Your Committee in the next Place proceeded to raquire with respect to the vacant Rooms applicable -to the present Purpose, which adjoin to the Court of Exchequer; and they find, that there are Three Rooms 'vacant which were lately occupied by the Auditors of -the Public AcpountB, -and Two by the Auditors of the Imprests; which Offices are removed to Somerset PlaceThe particular Dimensions of which Ropms, and the Quantity of Presses they contain, arp expressed in a Plan made by Mr. Groves, contained in the Ap-

This Plan is Tiendix marked (Ij*,

preserved with the Report.

In Addition ‘to this, there win be such Part of the Building, in which ,lhe Records are at present deposited, , as shall be left standing, after so much of the said Building is removed as shall be found necessary for the Accommodation of the Public, in the Manner herein after particularly mentioned.

Your Committee were also informed, That there are Five vacant Rooms in the Stone Building on the East Side of Saint Margaret Street, over the Rqom in which "the Records of the Court of King's Bench ace at present deposited; The Dimensions of which ace stated in Mr. Craved s Plan, marked (F).

As-a Bart of this Building had been appropriated to the keeping of the Records of the Count of King's Bench, and a Person belonging to the said Count was -in the Occupation of Two of the Rooms immediately above >the said Record -Room, yoar tGomnuttee thought 4t -proper that Two of their Members should V-e l. 48.

wait upon the Right honourable the Lord Chief Jus- R«port tice, and acquaint him with the Intentions of the Improving Committee, with respect to the Records before men- the AP* tioned, and of their Wish to avail themselves of some ttieEouse? of the Rooms over the King's Bench Treasury Office, and which are very spacious, light, and dry, and every Way fit for keeping Records and Papers: Which Members having waited upon the Lord Chief Justice accordingly, reported to the Committee, that his Lordship had acquainted them, that he knew of qo Claim he had to the said Rooms, but if he had any such Claim, he should be happy to accommodate the Public as far as lay in his Power, by the Appropriation of so many of these Rooms as might be thought necessary for depositing Records; and that his only Wish upon the Subject was, that sufficient Room might be reserved for the Use of the Person employed to take Care of the Building.

Your Committee thought it proper, in the next Place, to inquire. Whether there were any Rooms or Places, from which the Records and Papers could be conveniently received to Somerset Place, in order to make Room for such Records as it may be necessary to keep contiguous to the Court of Exchequer.

And upon this Head, your Committee again called Thomas Lawton, Esquire, who informed your Committee, That there are Records belonging to the Pipe Office, from the Reign of Queen Elizabeth to the Reign of Queen A'nne, kept in Chests and Presses in the Long Gallery, over Part of the Court of Exchequer: And being asked, Whether these might not be removed to Somerset Place, with equal Convenience as the other Records? he said, He thought they might; and with greater Convenience, as all the Records belonging to that Office would then be in one Place.

Your Committee next called the Right honourable Set Richard Heron, Baronet, Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer; who informed your Committee, That the Records in his Office are of Two Kinds, the Memoranda and Originalia, a. particular Account of which is contained in a Report from the Deputy to the Treasurer's Remembrancer,

'dated the 2ist of March 1731, laid before the said Commons Committee of the House of Commons appointed to Reports, view the Cottonian Library and other Public Records Vo1-1 PaSe of the Kingdom. . 5'5*

And Sir Richard Heron also said, That he conceives the Records belonging to his Office to be very valuable and material to the Public; and be believes that some of the Arrangements recommended in the Certificate or Reppnt of the 21st of M,arch 1731, before mentioned, have been attended to: And being asked,

How much Space the Records in his Office occupy, which are in the Neighbourhood of the Exchequer? he said. There ace Two entire Rooms; and before the Anti-Rooms leading to (them from foe Court of Exchequer were altered, there were some Presses in those Anti-Rooms: And being asked, Whether it is material (that those Records should be kept in foe Neighbourhood of the Exchequer, nr whether they might jogt, with equal Convenience to tise Public and Accommodation to ikhe Office, be removed to Somerset Place f Sir Richer,dHeron informed your Committee,

That when foe Buildings at Somerset place were about to he appropriated, he applied to the Lords ,of foe Treasury, requesting that Rooms might be allotted >thene, as well for the Office of the Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, as for depositing the Records in his Custody, and also for foe Residence of foe Treasurer's JRememWtaooar, or some Person to take (Charge of -them, (believing Abe same would ibe for foe Benefit of Abe Public; and that in consequence of this Application, soak Lofoshipe did appoint Abe Room in Somerset

Place,

852

6* Junn. A. 1793.

Report on Place, where the Office is now executed, and also Improving Apartments there for such Residence: And Sir Richard roaches to Heron further said, That if a sufficient Part of such the House* arched Record Rooms in Somerset Place as are perfectly dry, and light enough for searching, reading, and copying the Records, could be allotted for the Records in the Custody of the Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, it would be more convenient to his Office now executed there; and that their being removed to such Rooms would be a great Convenience to the Public, as they would be more easily resorted to there for Searches and Copies, than they now are at Westminster', and that if any of these Records should be wanted in any Matter before the Court, when it shall be sitting in Westminster Hall, such Records may be had upon previous Notice, in the same Manner they are now had after Term, at the adjourned Sittings of the Court of Exchequer, in Serjeants Inn Hall.

And Sir Richard Heron being further examined, on a> subsequent Day, informed your Committee, That since his last Examination, he had been at Somerset Place, when Sir William Chambers shewed him certain Parts of the arched Record Rooms not yet appropriated, which are sufficiently spacious for the Records, in the Custody of the Treasurer's Remembrancer, now remaining near the Court of Exchequer; and that the Rooms were light, and Sir William Chambers assured him that they were dry.

Your Committee then inquired. Whether there were any other Places, in or near the Court of Exchequer, which might be cleared for the Purposes before-mentioned. And,

Allatson Burgh, Esquire, being again called, informed your Committee, That he is Deputy Foreign Apposer in the Court of Exchequer, which Office he has held about Ten Years: That his Office is at Somerset Place, where the Records belonging to it, for the greatest Part of the present Century, are deposited; and that the rest are in Presses in the Court of Exchequer, which he thinks might be removed to Somerset Place, without any Inconvenience to the Public, and with more Convenience to himself in the Execution of his Office.

He further said, That there are other Records and Papers, kept in the Presses in the Court of Exchequer, belonging to the Clerk of the Estreats, and Comptroller of the Pipe: That the Two last mentioned Offices are now kept at Somerset Place, and he thinks that those Records and Papers might be removed from the Court of Exchequer to Somerset Place, without any Inconvenience to the Public: And the Witness said, That as there was much Connection between those Offices and the Office of Deputy Foreign Apposer, he conceived himself enabled, from his long Experience, to give the Committee competent Information on this Head.

Mr. William Harris, Deputy Clerk of the Estreats, and Joint Deputy Comptroller of the Pipe, and Mr. William Marner, Joint Deputy Comptroller of the Pipe with Mr. Harris, confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Burgh.

Then George Barker Devon, Esquire, the Remembrancer of the First Fruits, and John Bacon, Esquire, Senior Clerk in the same Office, were called in, and examined with respect to such Part of the Records belonging to that Office, as are kept in a Press in the Court of Exchequer; but it appearing from their Evidence, that those Records are placed in a Situation not necessary to be disturbed by the proposed Alterations, your Committee forbear from stating it to the House.

Your Committee next examined Roger Jortin, Esquire, who said, That he is Senior Attorney in the Office of Pleas, in the Court of Exchequer, which Office is kept in Lincoln's Inn Old Buildings; and that some of the Records and Papers belonging to that

Office are kept there, and some in Thirteen Presses, in a Passage to the Back Way of the Court of Exchequer; which Records consist of Rolls, Posteas, and Writs, returned and filed: That they are of very ancient Date, none of this Century being the re: That it is very seldom there is any Occasion to refer to them, and that they might be removed either to Lincoln's Inn, or to any vacant Chamber near the Court of Exchequer, without Inconvenience to the Public; but there is no Room for them in the Office of Pleas.

The next Place near the Court of Exchequer in which the Records proposed to be removed from the said Building may be deposited, is the Residue of that Building, after so much of it is taken down as shall be thought proper for the Purposes before mentioned; and after the fullest Consideration, your Committee have determined, That the best Method will be to take down so much thereof as lies to the North-West of the Blue Line, described in Mr. Gracs Plan, marked (A), which Line ranges sufficiently well with the Eastern Sides of both Parliament Street and Saint Margaret Street, to afford a spacious Opening, and give an Opportunity of completing the Stone Building in Saint Margaret Street, if at any Time hereafter a Plan should be thought of for that Purpose.

Upon the Evidence above referred to, your Committee conceive. That the following Places may be appropriated to the receiving the Records to be removed; viz.

The Residue of the Building; Part of which is to be taken down: »

Three Rooms, lately belonging to the Auditors of Public Accounts:

Two Rooms, lately belonging to the Auditors of the Imprests;

The several Apartments belonging to the Treasurer's Remembrancer:.

The Long Gallery, in the Court of Exchequer: ' '

The Five Rooms, in the Stone Building, in Saint Margaret Street: And,

The Record Rooms at Somerset Place.

Your Committee having thus inquired into, and stated to the House, several Places, to which the Records and Papers before mentioned may be removed, in all the Cases proposed, without any Inconvenience, and in several, with Advantage both to the Public, and the Officers who have the Charge of them; have considered thereof, and have stated in a Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (G), the respective Places in which Appendix, they conceive the said Records may be well dis- ' ' posed.

Your Committee in the next Place took into their Consideration the Expence that might probably be incurred by Means of the Removal of the Records now in the Parts of the Building proposed to be taken down, and their proper Arrangement in the several Places in which they are intended to be deposited; and for that Purpose, they called upon the several Officers and Clerks of the Exchequer to deliver in an Estimate of the Expence which they conceived such Removal and Arrangement would amount to in their respective Departments: And thereupon the several Estimates were delivered in, which are contained in the Appendix hereunto annexed, marked (H) (H. a) "(I) (K) and (L).

The Total Amount of which is as follows; that

d.

is to say; £. s.

Removal of the Records in the King's

Remembrancer's Office - about 200 —

Augmentation Office - - about 140 —

Pipe Office - - - - 100 -T-

Appendix, — - (H).and(H*)

Carried over - - £. 440 ——

Appendix,

(L)

Appendix,

(E)

Appendix,

(M)

Appendix,

(N)

Brought over; Comptroller of the Pipe, Clerk of the Estreats, and Foreign Ap-poser, at 5/. 5 s. each Mr. Pedley, the Officer of the Treasurer's Remembrancer's Office, who was before your Committee, declined giving in any particular Estimate of the Expence that would be incurred by the Removal of the Records of that Office; but your Committee have estimated the Quantity of Records therein contained not to be larger than is intended to be removed by the Pipe Office, and they apprehend that the Trouble can hardly be so much, and consequently the Expence not more than will attend the Removal of those belonging to that Office, namely

6° Junii*

£. s. d. 440 ——

15 15 —

100 ——

Total - - 555 15

Appendix,

(O)

Appendix,

(PO

Appendix,

(Q)

The said Plans and Drawing are preserved with the Report

Appendix,

P)and(Q)

Appendix,

(R)

Your Committee next proceeded to consider of the several other Expences which would attend the Execution of the Works proposed to be done, and thereupon they required, Mr. Groves to lay before them.

An Estimate of the Expence of taking down Part of the Building at the End of the Court of Exchequer, and the Works necessary to be done in consequence thereof: And also,

An Estimate of the Expence that would be incurred by the General Repair and Fitting up, for the Use of the Augmentation Office and King's Remembrancer, all the old Presses now standing in the several Apartments, and adding thereto such a Quantity of new as is necessary for the Deposit of all' the Records displaced by the Alterations intended: And also,

A General Plan of the Four Rooms in Somerset Placer proposed to be allotted to the Use of the Treasurer's Remembrancer, the Pipe Office, the Clerk of the Estreats, and to the Comptroller of the Pipe, and Foreign Apposer: And also,

A Plan of the Room proposed to be allotted to the Use of the Pipe Office: And also,

A Drawing, describing the Flues and Presses intended for the Pipe Office: And also,

A Plan of the Room proposed to be allotted to the Use of the Treasurer's Remembrancer.

Which Estimates, Plans, and Drawing are contained-in the Appendix, marked (E). (M). (N). (O). (P). and (Q).*

With respect to the Works proposed to be done at Somerset Place, your Committee, having referred the Three Plans and the Drawing above mentioned to Sir William Chambers, required him to lay before them an Estimate of the Expence of carrying such Works into Execution, according to the said Plans and Drawing respectively; which Estimate is subjoined in the Appendix, marked (R).

Your Committee next propose to state to the House an Account of the Expence of carrying the several Works proposed into Execution, according to the Estimates before mentioned; viz.

Taking down Part of the Building at the End of the Court of Exchequer, and the several Vol. 48.

Works to be done in cdnsequerice thereof, 371/. 10 s. but reduced, by the Value of the old Materials to Expence of making good the Foot and Carriage W ay Pavements Expence of repairing and fitting up of Presses for the Use of the Augmentation Office and King's Remembrancer, and for securing from Fire the several Rooms appropriated to the Use of the Augmentation Office -Expence of fitting up the Four Record Rooms at Somerset Place Expence attending the - Removal and arranging of the Records To Mr. Groves, for his Trouble in preparing Plans, &c. *

853

£. s.

225 ——

295 ——

674 16 6

741 6 — 555 15 — 42 ——

- Total 2,533 *7 &

To this Estimate should be added the Value of the Compensation to John Walker Heneage, Esquire, Hereditary Chief Usher of the Court of Exchequer, to be computed on a clear Annuity of 531, for ever, *

which your Committee estimate at - 1,325 ——

This Total will then be

£. 3,858 17 6

Your Committee being desirous of limiting the Expence as much as possible, have, in the several Estimates before mentioned, confined themselves to that Work which they think absolutely necessary to b$s done for the Advantage and Accommodation of the Public; but it having occurred to them that it will be also exceedingly convenient that the Tally Office, and Room over it, which extends beyonds the Line of the Street on the Eastern Side of Saint Margaret Street, and which not only will make a very disagreeable . Appearance, but. will occasion - a considerable Obstruction when the Building before mentioned is taken away, your Committee, since they had formed their Report as before stated, have come to a Determination to recommend it to the House to provide for the taking away that Building (the Tally Office) also.

Your Committee therefore, in the first Place, called Robert Leete, Esquire, One of the Deputy Chamberlains of the Tally Court j who informed them, That the only Records or Papers of Consequence which are now in the Tally Office, are Books of the Tallies, but these are not considerable in Number. — And he further said, That there is a Quantity of old Tallies, the greater Part of which it is impossible to refer to, as they would moulder into Touchwood if meddled with: That the Office is very much crowded at present, on Account of the old Tallies before mentioned; but, if they should be removed, he conceives there would be Room sufficient. And being further examined, he said, It is necessary for the Tally Office to be near the Exchequer; and it is his Opinion, that if the Old Lottery Office at the Exchequer, was appropriated for the Reception of the several Books and Papers belonging to the Tally Office,- and also of such of the Foils or Counterparts of Tallies as it may be thought proper to preserve, the same would be very convenient for the Purpose, and might be fitted up at a small Expence; and lie added, that he should be willing to undertake the Removal of the Contents of the present Office to that Room for Ten Pounds.

Then Charles Ellis, Esquire, the other Deputy Chamberlain of the Tally Court, and Mr. James

10 H Pilfold,

Appendix,

(E)

Appendix,

(E)

Appendix,

(M)

Appendix

rR)

Appendix,

(H) (H. a)

(I) (K) and (L)

Report *>n Improving the Approaches to the House.

Appendix

(S)

6° fttn

A.1793.

Pi [fold. Junior, who has (been a Clerk in the Tally Office for upwards -of Twelve Years, were severally examined, «nd confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Leete.

Your Committee, in the next Place, directed Mr. Groves to lay before them an Estimate of the Expence of taking down the said Building, and of the Works to be done in consequence thereof: Which Estimate is contained in the Appendix, marked (S).

The Total Amount of which is as follows; viz.

Expence of taking down the said Building, and the several Works to be done in consequence thereof, bi1. but reduced, by the Value of the ©W Materials, to -

Expence of making good the Footway Pavement -

Expence of fitting up the Old Lottery Office at the Exchequer for the Use of the Tally Office

To this, there is to be added, for the Removal of the Contents of the present Office -

£. t. <d.

10 ——

io ——

Total - £.4-9 ——

There is also to be added, an £. s. d. Allowance to a Surveyor, for superintending the Execution -of the Works - - - 100 ——

£. 149 ——

Which Sum of 149L, added to the former Sum of $,$58 I. 1 estimated as the Expence of this Undertaking - 3,858 17 6

Will amount to the Total Sum of -£.4,007 17 6

Upon the Whole your Committee have come to the-following Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That the Chairman be directed to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners for taking down certain Buildings adjoining to the Court of Exchequer, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be found necessary for the Accommodation of the Public; and for removing the Records therein contained to other convenient Places.

APPENDIX.

Appendix (A)

General Survey of the Line of the Streets leading from the Middle of Parliament Street to Abingdon Street.

Appendix (B)

Plan of the Apartments on the Ground Floor of the Building which extends into the Street between New Palace Yard and Saint Margaret Street, now occupied by Deoereux Davis, Esquire.

Appendix (C)

Plan of the Two Rooms on the First Floor of the Building which extends into the Street between New Palace Yard and Saint Margaret Street, belonging to the Office of King's Remembrancer.

Appendix (D)

Plan of the several Compartments on the Second Floor of the Building which extends into the Street between New Palace Yard and Saint Margaret Street, belonging to the Augmentation Office and Pipe Office.

Appendix (E)

To the Honourable the Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to consider of taking down the Buildings adjoining the Court of Exchequer, &c. &c.

In Obedience to your Order of the 14th Instant, directing me to make an Estimate of the Expence of taking, down so much of the Building at the End of the Court of Exchequer, between New Palace Yard and Saint Margaret Street, as extends to the North-West of the Blue Lute marked in the Survey delivered in by me; and also of erecting a Brick Wall for the Inclosure of the remaining Part of the said Building; and that I do make a further Estimate of the Expence of taking down the Public House adjoining to the same, and making good the Pavement, and that the Value of the old Materials be considered by me as a Reduction in the Expence:

And

S3 Geo. III.

<5° Junii.

855

And further, that I do confer with Mr. Thomas Marsh Hughes, as to the Value of Mr. s Claim in respect R*t>0rt oh

of the said Premisses, and make a Report thereof, and of such other Particulars as we may think deserving the Attention of the Committee: I have, pursuant to the said Order, made the Estimate as follows; namely, ptoaehw to

To take down such Part of the Building at the End Of the Court 6f Exchequer, between New Palace Yard and Saint Margaret Street, as is situated on the North-West Side of the Blue Line, described in my general Survey, and fixing the necessary Shores to that Part of the Building left standing. To cart away the Rubbish.

To inclose the remaining Building with a Brick Wall, of an average Thickness of Two Fefe't Ten Inches in the Foundation, One Foot Ten Inches in the lower Story, One Foot Six Inches in the Two Stories above the Same, and One Foot Two Inches from thence to the Summit of the Gable. To cope the Gable with Portland Stone. To connect the new Wall with the old Building, by Grooves and Iron Ties, from the old Timbers to the Plates in the new Wall of the respective Stories. To batten and plaster the Wall inside, and to take down the Public House adjoining the aforesaid Building — Would amount to the Sum of Three hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Ten Shillings, which would be reduced One hundred and Forty-six Pounds Ten Shillings, being the Value of the old Materials, to Two hundred and Twenty-five Pounds: The Ekpence of making good the Foot and Carriage Way Pavements, will, in Addition to the Sum last mentioned, be Two hundred and Ninety-five Pounds; making together Five hundred and Twenty Pounds.

In further Obedience to the said Order, I have conferred with Mr. Thomas Marsh Hughes, as to the Value of the Interest claimed by Mr. Heneage in the Premisses above mentioned; and I find that Mr. Heneage claims the Ground whereon the Public House, called The Old Coach and Horses, is erected, as annexed to his Office, and also the Building thereon. The said Mr. Heneage claims also a Right to the Ground occupied by the Building referred to in the above Order, and to a Residence acyoining the Court of Exchequer for himself or Deputy, according to an ancient Paper signed John IVulker, wherein his Residence is mentioned as a Duty of his Office. In lieu of all those separate Claims, I humbly offer it as my Opinion; that the Sum of Fifty Pounds per Annum, clear of all Deductions, will be a sufficient Compensation.

All which is humbly submitted by

23 May 1793.

J. T. Groves.

Appendix (F)

Plan of the unoccupied Rooms which may be appropriated to the Deposit of Records.

Appendix (G)

Description of the respective Plates proposed for depositing the Retords belonging tb the Offices under mentioned:

The Records of the King's Remembrancer's Office to be deposited in the Two Upper Stories and Garrets of the Residue of the Building, Part of which is to be taken down; in the Long Gallery in the Court of Exchequer, the Three Rooms vacated by the Auditors of Public Accounts, described in Mr. s Plan as the Balcony Rooms;

and also the Treasurer's Remembrancer's Office, and Garret over it.

The Records of the Augmentation Office to bfe deposited in the Five Rooms over the King's Bench Treasury Office, in Saint Margaret Street.

The Records of the Treasurer's Remembrancer's Office to bfe deposited itt cettaih Apartments in Somerset Place, situated behind the Modelling Room, containing Six groined Arches, adjoining the Engine Room.

The Records of the Pipe Office to be deposited in the Apartment corresponding with the Record Room of the Commissioners of Public Accounts, situated West of the Modelling Room, and having Four Windows in Front to the South, and One to the North.

The Records of the Clerk of the Estreats to bfe deposited in an Apartment, East of the Pipe Office; containing Two groined Arches, with One Window to the North.

The Records of the Comptroller of the Pipe, and thfe Foreign Apposer, to be deposited in an Apartment, containing Two groined Arches, situated East of the Entrance to the Treasurer's Remembrancer's Office, and corresponding to the Apartment allotted to the Clerk of the Estreats,

Vol. 48.

A. 1793.

Report on Improving the Approaches to the* House.

6° yunii.

Appendix (H)

To the Honourable the Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to survey the Buildings adjacent to the Court of Exchequer.

In Obedience to an Order of your Honourable Committee, requiring me to lay before you an Estimate of the Expences which will be incurred on the Removal of the Records belonging to this Office from the Building proposed to be taken down, and of the Arrangement thereof in the Repositories that may be allotted for their Reception; I humbly certify, That I apprehend, after the fullest Inquiry I have been, able to make, it will be necessary for the following Persons to attend on that Service:

£. 40.

£. 200.

[Two of the Ushers of the Court, on the Part of the Hereditary Chief Usher, he -{ having the Custody of all the Records of this Office deposited at,

[ at Five Shillings each per Day — about Eighty Days.

fTwo of the Clerks in Court in the Office of His Majesty's Remembrancer, to \ arrange the Records, at One hundred Pounds each.

£. 20. Bagbearer. [The Bagbearer of the King's Remembrancer's Office, assisted by Two Porters, to < remove the Records, at Five Shillings each per Day; The Bagbearer about £. 20. Porters. [ Eighty Days. The Porters about Forty Days.

£. 50. Total £. 330.

And I further certify, That on the Removal of the ancient Records, it may probably be found necessary to put new Parchment Covers to several of the Bundles, which, with Filazes to tie the Bundles, will occasion an Expence of . Forty or Fifty Pounds, or thereabouts. k

All which I humbly submit to the said Honourable Committee.

King's Remembrancer's Office, 5th June 1793.

Edu/ Taylor,

Second Secondary.

Appendix (H. a.)

To the Honourable the Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to survey the Buildings adjacent to the Court of Exchequer.

Being acquainted with the present Arrangement of the Records and Papers in the King's Remembrancer's Office, as one of the Side Clerks belonging to that Office, I am willing to undertake the Removal of those Records and Papers,; and for my own- Remuneration shall be satisfied with the Sum of One Hundred and Fifty Pounds. '

I think One Bagbearer and Two Porters can afford me all the Assistance requisite; but do not take upon me to say at what Rate they must be paid.

Geo. Vanderzee.

5th June 1793.

Appendix (I) -

To the Honourable the- Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to survey the old Buildings adjacent to the Court of Exchequer.

I beg Leave to certify, That, if the Records of the Augmentation Office are removed from their present Repository, into the Rooms over the King's Bench Treasury, that it will be necessary that Presses should be made to receive them; and as the Arrangement now in use is found, with some few Exceptions, to be a proper one, I -humbly propose that the Presses for their Reception should be well seasoned, and free from Wormp; that they be made not so deep as the present ones, but with more Shelves and Partitions; and as there are a great Quantity.of small Deeds, of considerable Value, called Chartoe Antiques, now disposed inconveniently in Bundles, marked with the Letters of the Alphabet, and liable to be lost out of the Bundles to which they respectively belong, that there may be made a Number of Drawers for the Purpose of receiving them, as also several Boxes, in which may be placed such other Deeds as may be too large for Admission into those Drawers.

It having been suggested, that Racks for the Rolls would be better than inclosed Presses with Folding Doors, I have taken the Opinion of several Gentlemen conversant with ancient Records, who join with me in thinking that Mode not so convenient, the Rolls being infinitely more liable to be injured by Dust, which from their great Antiquity they are already too apt to gather; but this I submit to the Disposal of the Honourable Committee.

As the Removal of these Records, which are exceedingly numerous, though eventually of Benefit to the Public, by their being placed in a more commodious Situation, and less in Danger of Fire, will be of some present Inconvenience and Loss of Time to me, who as Keeper of these Records enjoy no Salary whatever, and will require likewise a great Portion of Attention in the subsequent Arrangement of them, I hope that the Sum of One hundred Pounds will be considered a moderate Recompense for the same. And lastly, as the Removal

will

33 Geo. III. 0° yunii.

will be made under my own personal Inspection, more Labour will be required than Skill in the Persons to be Report on employed therein under me (who, as I am to be responsible for the safe Custody of the Records, I could wish to have the Appointment of) and therefore I apprehend the same may be effected for the additional Sum of Thirty pr^he# to or Forty Pounds, but should it exceed that Amount^ I humbly presume, that upon producing proper Vouchers the ttyue. of the Money I shall expend, no Objection will be raised to my being allowed the same.

John Cahsy.

Keeper of the Records of the Augmentation Office.

June ist 1793.

Appendix (K)

AN ESTIMATE of the Expences in the Removal of the Records belonging to the Pipe Office, from

Westminster Hall to Somerset Place.

s. '

For Bags, Porters, Cart-hire, and other Expences in the Removal of the Records from Westminster Hall to Somerset Place, and to the Bagbearer - - - - 50 — —

For the Trouble of the Officers of the Pipe (viz,) Messrs Sykes and Burgh, sworn Attornies, in sorting all the Records in the several Trunks in which they are now deposited, and- replacing the same in the New Office - - - - . . 50 — —

£. 100 — —

Thos Lawten,

Deputy Clerk of the Pipe.

1st June 1793.

Appendix (L)

AN ESTIMATE of the Expence of removing the Records belonging to the Comptroller of the Pipe, the Clerk of the Estreats, and the Foreign Apposer, from the Court of Exchequer to Somerset Place, and making a proper Arrangement of them in the separate Places intended for depositing the said Records, for each Office; viz.

£. s. d.

For the Comptroller of the Pipe - - - - --55 —

For the Clerk of the Estreats ----- ----55 —

For the Foreign Apposer ----- ---- 5 5 —

£. 15 15 —

Wm Harris,

June 1st 1793. Deputy Clerk to the Comptroller of the Pipe,

and Deputy Clerk of the Estreats.

Appendix (M)

To the Honourable the Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to consider of taking down the Buildings adjoining the Court of Exchequer.

In Obedience to your Order of the 1st Instant, I have estimated the Expence that would be incurred by the general Repair of, and fitting up for the Use of the Augmentation Office and King's Remembrancer, all me old Presses now standing in the several Apartments; and adding thereto such a Quantity of new as is necessary for the Deposit of all the Records displaced by the intended Alterations; namely,

In the Five Rooms over the King's Bench Treasury, in the Two Stories, in the Residue of the Building, Part of which is to be taken down; in the Garrets of the same; in the Long Gallery in the Court of Exchequer; in the Three Balcony Rooms, and Garret over the Treasurer's Remembrancer's Office, would amount to Six hundred and Twenty-one Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence.

5 June 1793*

All which is humbly submitted by

J. T. Groces.

To Lath and Plaster the Floor of the Five Rooms above-mentioned, as a Security against Fire, would cost, in Addition to the above Sum, Fifty-three Pounds.

J. T. G.

Vol 48. 10 I

m

<? JunH.

A. 1795.

Report on

Improving the ApT*

proaches to the House.

Appendix (N)

General Plan of the Four Rooms in Somerset Place, proposed to be allotted to the Use of the

Treasurer's Remembrancer,

The Pipe Office,

The Clerk of the Estreats, and

The Comptroller of the Pipe, and Foreign Apposer.

Appendix (Q)

Plan of the Room proposed to be allotted to the Use of the Pipe Office, Marked B. in the General Plan.

Appendix (P)

Description of die Air Flues and Presses intended for the Pipe Office Marked 6. in the General Plan.

Appendix (Q)

Plan, See. <rf the Room proposed to be allotted to the Use of the

Treasurer's Remembrancer's Office.

Marked A. in die General Plan.

Appendix (R)

ESTIMATES, made in consequence of different Orders received from the Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to consider of taking down certain Buildings adjoining to the Court of Exchequer.

The Expence of fitting up the Record Rooms at Somerset Place, according to the Drawings transmitted from the Committee 1st of June 1793, will be Three Hundred Thirty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence.

The Expence of fitting up the Record Rooms at the same Place, according to the Drawings transmitted the 3d of June, will be Four hundred and Ten Pounds Seven Shillings and Six Pence.

JVm Chambers.

Appendix (S)

To the Honourable the Committee of the House of Common*, appointed to consider of taking down the Buildings adjoining the Court of Exchequer, &c. &c.

In Obedience to your Order of the 1st Instant, directing me to make an Estimate of the Expeace of taking down that Part of the Building occupied by the Tally Office and Treasurer's Remembrancer, adjoining the Judges Coachhouses in Saint Margaret Street, and making good the Partition Wall and Footway Pavement, I have made the Estimate as follows; namely,

To take down the Building aforesaid, and to make good the Partition Wall, and carting away the Rubtwb, would amount to Twenty-one Pounds; which would be reduced Eight Pounds* being the Value of the old Materials, to Thirteen Pound*. The Expence of making good the Footway Payepaent would he in Addition, thereto Sixteen Pounds, making together Twenty-nine Pounds.

5 June 1793-

All which is humbly submitted by

J. T. Grown.

The Expence of fitting up the Old Lottery Office for the Reception of the Tallies would, be an Addition to the Sum above-mentioned of Ten Pounds.

J. T. G.

ff — TJunii.

859

till for ap-toint'ing Commissioners for taking lown certain luildings ad-nining the Jourt of Ex-heqoer, &c. rdered.

Sir William Dolben also reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners for taking down certain Buildings adjoining to the Court of Exchequer, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be found necessary for the Accommodation of the Public, and for removing the Records therein contained to other convenient Places.

And Sir William Dolben moved the House accord-

ingly.

On

)rderei, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners for taking down certain Buildings adjoining to the Court of Exchequer, or such Part or Parts thereof shall be found necessary for the Accommodation of the Public, and for removing the Records therein contained to other convenient Places: And that Sir William Mr.

and Mr. Serjeant Watson, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the »r regulat- shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from ng the Ship- the Coast of Africa, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Warehoused Tobacco, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ^Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sill for abolishing the Trade for applying foreign Ter* Rories with slave* defer-ti.

Bill to con-ioue, and unend, Acts

ling of Blare* com-utted.

Bill for Regulation of Warehoused Tobacco dewed.

House to idjoum to Monday.

Veneris, 7° die Junii;

Anno 33# Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1793.

Prat sits.

J5ESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Chelmsford Mr. Brameton reported from the Committee, to Navigation whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Naviga- Bill reported, ble Communication between the Town of Chelmsford, or some Part of the Parish of Springfield, in the County of Essex, and a Place called Cottiers , in or near the River Btacfcmter, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the BiB, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Vol. 48.

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upoD Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Tawnshend reported from the Com- WestTanfield mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing Inclosure Bill the Open Common Fields, and a certain Moor or reP°rted-Common called Thomborough Moor, within the Parish of West Tanfield, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure bad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and had also given their Consent to the leaving out Two of the Commissioners named in the said Bui (except One Owner of Lands and Hereditaments, rated to the Land Tax at 11 /. 10$. who refused to sign the Bill, but had no Objection to the Inclosure; and also, except the Owners of Lands and Hereditaments, rated to the Land Tax at 25 /. who did not attend the Meeting for taking the Consents; and also, except the Owners of Lands and Hereditaments, rated to the Land Tax at 134/. who could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands and Hereditaments, entitled to Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed, are rated to the Land Tax at 1,138/. 10$.; and that no Pereon appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

And the House being informed that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon Wednesday last, praying to be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, declined being heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwaring do make the Re- Haydon port from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Sported. 1 Reign of His present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Square, the

New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard,. Church Street,

Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage,

Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein or leading thereto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed.

Mr. Mainwaring accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies,

referred

860 V Junii. 1T93.

referred to their Consideration, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.'

ltoyal Assent A Message by Mr. Yeoman Usher of the

to Bills. Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Earl Graham, and the Lord Amherst, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for placing the Stock, called East India Annuities, under the Management of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and ingrafting the same on the Three Pounds per Centum reduced Annuities, in Redemption of a Debt of Four Millions Two hundred Thousand Pounds owing by the Public to the East India Company, and for enabling the said Company to raise a Sum of Money by a further Increase of their Capital Stock, to be applied in Discharge of certain Debts of the said Company:

An Act for vesting in His Majesty certain forfeited Estates in Ireland, subject to the Disposition of the Parliament of Ireland:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Dun Navigation Cut, at or near Stainforth, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join and communicate with the River Trent at or near Keadby, in the County of Lincoln, and also a Collateral Cut from the said Canal to join the said River Dun, in the Parish of Thorne, in the said Riding:

An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverness; and for levying Conversion Money in Lieu of Labour; and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire; and for improving, widening, and lighting the Streets within the Royal Burgh of Inverness:

An Act for repairing and widening that Part of the Road, leading from Kelso towards the Town of Selkirk, which lies to the Eastward of the Turnpike

Road leading from Jedburgh to Lauder, which crosses the River Tvoiot near the Town of Kelso, and the Road leading from Kelso towards Coldstream, to the Place where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Greenlaw to Coldstream, and from Kelso, through Ednam, to Orange Lane, in the Parish of Ecdes, in the County of Berwick, and from the Ford at Newton Mill, through Ednam, to Edenfoot, and from Kelso to Cornhill, in the County of Durham:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue and " render more effectual Two Acts, passed in the " Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the " First, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his " late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market " Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of " Leicester, and for repairing, widening, turning, " and altering, the Road branching out of the aforesaid Road at a Place called Filling Gate, to a " Road called The Foss Road, and from thence to " the Turnpike Road leading from Melton Mowbray "to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, " Leicester:"

An Act for repairing, widening, altering, and improving, the Road from Heage, in the County of Derby, through Belper, to Duffield, in the said County:

An Act for empowering the Committees, or. Committee, for the Time being, of the Estate of the most Noble Anna Eliza Dutchess of Chandos, a Lunatic, to make Leases of her Estate during her Lunacy, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for confirming and rendering effectual a Partition and Division between William Thomas Darby, Esquire, and Saint Andrew Saint John, Esquire, of divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments (heretofore the Estate of Richard Jackson, Esquire, deceased) in the several Counties of Norfolk, Essex, Surrey, Middlesex, and the City of London, and for limiting and settling the specific Parts thereof, which, upon such Partition and Division, were allotted to each of them, to the several Uses therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Sir Henry Bridgeman, Baronet, and, after his Death, other Persons, to grant Building Leases of his settled Estates at and near Bolton in Lee Moores, in the County of Lancaster, for long Terms of Years >

An Act to enable James Lever, of Hindley, in the County of Lancaster, Esquire, to make Grants iu Fee, and also to grant Building Leases of certain Estates in the Township of Bolton le Moors, in the said County:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, within the Parish of Willoughby on- the Woulds, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of Queneborough, fa the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet of Taddington and Priestcliff, in the Parish of Bakewell, and County of Derby:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Broom, Esquire, with Susannah Solley, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Calverley John Bezvicke, Clerk, with Mary Elisabeth, otherwise Mary Eliza Vaughan, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordefed,

33 Geo. III.

7° Jun.

861

Salford, War- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, riogton. Set. Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for more effec- were agreed to by the House.

Beads Bill tuully repairing, widening, and improving, certain A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to

pam± Roads leading to and from the Towns of Salford, charge the Expence of the Alterations on the Inhe-

4

Ik

It

k

at.

r.i,

Can.

most

lit,®

aiior

aali

Wi,

J®,*

rrf?

lift I n. & -;tx £ m

SOK,

t

si*!:

in

Este

t i

6 IS icib amp

0i«

Its

ti

5

Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak in Wor and Stocks,

and also the Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also

ritance.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton to oblige Tenants to give Notice to Landlords of their Brook, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, be now being compelled to make Alterations, read. And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the

And the said Order being read accordingly ;Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to The said Bill was read the Third Time. he made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, be, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, empowering Persons to make use of their own Servants and improving, certain Roads leading to and from the 05 Porters.

Towns of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and Wigan, and And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the to certain Places called The Broad Oak in Worsley, and Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to Duxbury Stocks, and also the Road from a Place called be made Part of the Bill.

South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agecroft Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third gt. Agnes Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for erecting and Pier Bill

Day appointed for receiving Report on Complaint re-ipecling Chelmsford Navigation Bill.

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee who were appointed to enquire into the Matter of the Complaint made upon the 30th Day of May last, to the House, respecting the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from, or nearly from, the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the said County, be received upon Mbnday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Stanley do carry the Bill making a Pier and Harbour in the Cove of Treoaunance, passed.

*u~, T — 1 ----- J *L-:- r' ----- ----- --'-- in the Parish of Saint Agnes, in the County of Cornwall,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for making Compensation to the Proprietors of the Harbour of Saint Ives.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 63. 1. 4. After "whatsoever" to insert "except as herein after provided,

" with respect to Port Dues " payable to the Trustees of " the Pier of Saint Ives, in the " said County of Cornwall."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting and making a Pier and Harbour gulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, and Carts, in the Cove of in the Parish of Saint Agnes,

" *~ in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Walcot Pay- Sir John Trevelyan reported from the Committee, to inS>&c-Dill whom the Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watch-reporte ing, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Public Places, within such Part of the Parish of Walcot, in the County of Somerset, as is not within the Circuit, Precinct, and Jurisdiction of the City of Bath, in the same County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein, and for licensing and re-

within the same Part of the said Parish, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Bath, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,

Estimate of a Detach-

Mr. Craufurd presented to the House, by His Majesty's Command,

Estimate of the Charge of a Detachment of the Royal Regiment of Artillery for Service in the East iwfwSh. which they had directed him to report to the House; Indies, from 1st January to 31st December 1793, both dies present and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards included, 365 Days. «<*

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by

Vol. 48.

10 K

ESTIMATE

Dutchy of Cornwall Leases Bill reported.

Bill for Regulation of Warehoused Tobacco reported.

The Lords have agreed to

Brotherton

Inclosure Bill.

Swindon Inclosure Bill.

Frodsham and llelsby Inclosure Bill.

862

7° Junii. A. 1793.

Pay of a Major, an Adjutant, a Quarter Master, a Surgeon, and a Surgeon's Mate ——

Pay of Two Companies of Royal Artillery, consisting of 120 Men each, Officers included ——

' for Service in the East lays; viz'.

Men. Amount.

£ s. d.

5 647 17 6

240 5,748 15 —

245 £6,396 12 6

Office of Ordnance, 7th June 1793.

TV. Home.

G. Craafw That BaiUie.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Anstruther, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to majvc Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Herkfitaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to tl»e same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Warehoused Tobacco was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pcpys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, inclosing, stinting, regulating, and otherwise improving, certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Brotherton, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Liberty of Swindon, in the Parish of fCoin borne, in the County of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Tow n and Lordship 12 *

of Frodsham, and the Township of Hekby, in the Parish of Frodsham, in the County of Chester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Llanferra for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Common j,nd KlU"n and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Uanferres, in the County of Denbigh, and Kilken, in the County of without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to vary to vary and extend the Line of the Canal, authorized and extend to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, g1»um». " An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable ter Canal " Canal from the City of Hereford to the City of " Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same to " the Town of Newent, in the County of ,"

and to amend the said Act; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed ta the Bill, intituled, An Knottmgln Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Jndosuie1 Waste Grounds and Ings, or Meadow Grouds, within the Township of Knottingley, in the West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cardington -for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in and Buford the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Br % intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the BlU'

" Road from the Forty-eighth Mile Stone, in the " Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike Road " between Hitchin and Bedford, to Greet Barford " Bridge, and for continuing a Road from thence to " the Great Northern Road, near Bridge, in

" the County of Bedfordwithout any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Caithness for making effectual the Statute Labour, and for levying "d Sutler-Conversion Money in lieu of Labour in certain Cases, ^0urBai and for otherwise regulating, making, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the County of Caithness; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sussex MiS-requiring and authorizing Charles Gilbert, Esquire, *j? MoMlr Treasurer of the Eastern Division, and the Reverend BlU* Francis Tuttb, the legal Representative of Randolph Tutti, deceased, late Treasurer of the Western Division of the County of Sussex, to pay certain Sums of Money received by them, the said Treasurers, or either of them, on Account of the not raising the Militia of the said County, into the Public Stocks of the said Divisions, to be applied as therein is directed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment:

And also.

' The

33 Geo,. IIL

T yu*

863

Amendment*'; The Lords have agreedtothe.Arijendhoeritsmadoby Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be - this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling ingrossed,

thmge Bui. Richard William HowardVyse, an Infant Trustee, to Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time

join in making an Exchange of Part of the Estate of Morning next, if the said Bill shall be

the:mast Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk with Frauds then ingrossed.

Ferranti Foijnmbe, Esquire.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Rjporttmim-provin£the Approaches to both Houses of Farkameit,

Bill for preventing delta)) ing or damaging Ships,5rc, ^'reported.

i£Ii

S ic William Dolben reported from the Committee, appointed to enquire into a Method of making the Approach to both Houses of Parliament more convenient, by removing the Buikling at the End of the Court of Exchequer which extends into the Street between New Palace Yard and Saint< Margaret or such Part of the said Building as shall be found necessary for the Purpose before-mentioned, and the Sheds and Buildings thereunto annexed; and also, to prepare a Plan of such Work, and an Estimate of the Expence thereof, and report the same, with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Dent, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better preventing of Offences in setting Fire to, destroying, or damaging Ships, or other Vessels; and in forcibly obstructing the navigating of Ships or other Vessels, or obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed' him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered -the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Message to posed, That- a Message be sent to the Lords, to ac- the Lord* to quaint their Lordships, that the Members of this *fcr.Mr; House, appointed to manage the Impeachment against j"^n68S Warren Hastings, Esquire, will be unable to proceed on Monday next, in their Reply to the Defence of the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, and therefore to desire that their Lordships, will allow further Time for that Purpose;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words,

" and that this House will be prepared to proceed on " the said Trial on Wednesday next."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the Word " allow" the Words " a few Days."

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Votes of the House of Yesterday, of the Motion made for sending a Message to the Lords, to desire their Lordships to postpone any further Proceedings on the said Impeachment till the next Session of Parliament, which passed in the Negative, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the main Question being put, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, that the Members of this House, appointed to manage the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, will be unable to proceed on Monday next, in their Re-' ply to the Defence of the said Warren Hastings, Esquire,

[L

u-

__ „ . ' x "Jr and therefore to desire that their Lordships will allow

Questionjevenrily pot thereupon, wen, with an Amend- further Time fa that purpMe . V

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

ment to One of them, agreed to by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Tellers for the Yeas /^r‘ Secretary 1

letters for ute x eas, |Mr: J82*

J Mr. Rolle,

1

46.

: a Report on Bill for ren* t L king more: kfetteal 1 Somcatrewil Credit Act urthercousi-. u lered.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Tellm for foe Noe,. jMr; . f

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Earl of Carysfort do carry the said Message to the Lords.

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now other Order* read. read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, Scotch Coals for the Second Reading of the Bill for repealing the and Spirit Duties on Coals. Culm, and Cinders, brought or carried Licences Bill

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Coastwise into Scotland, and for granting other Duties committed*

further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

on Licences to sell certain distilled Spirituous Liquors, in lieu thereof;

And the House being informed, That the several Persons who petitioned this House upon Monday last, praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill,

A Clausewas offered to be added to the Bill, respecting did not desire to be heard in this Stage of the Bill;

Sequestrations issued against Bankrupts in Scotland.

And the said Clausa was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

to enable the Commissioners to apply for Commissions ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of Bankruptcy in England, and in Scotland for Seques- House, upon the said Bill.

trations, as other Creditors may do.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Home, to be made Part of the Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to on Farnham consider further of the Bill for ascertaining the Compo- H°pTythe

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, sitkm to be paid for the Tythe of Hops, planted in to the Bill. Fields

Vol. 48.

864

7° — 10" Junii. A. 1793.

Fields in the Parish of Famham, in the County of Surrey;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair j The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telle, for 38.

fMr. Wilberforce, 1

Tellers for the Noes, (Mr. Solicitor Gene-? 19.

L ral: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cawthorne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cawthorne reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that ,he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to sit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Bill forabo. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, lwhing the to consider further of the Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Fompi\r. Slaves; ritorin wuh

Resohxd, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Slawde-ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. *""d' ,u«

"ir

The other Order of the Day being read; .*

Resolved', That this House will, upon Monday Morn- BHltoeeui. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a limited Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping 'in the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from of Slmtde. the Coast of Africa. ferrei

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mom-

ing next, Ten of the Clock. I

Bill for En- The Order of the Day being read, for taking into couragement further Consideration the Report from the Com-deferred.*0 nriltee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Bill to repeal The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Act"as* upon the ingrossed . Bill from the Lords, intituled, TelatestoSol-'An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the diers and last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to fcrred*1' ** " exP^a*n aDC* amend an Act, of the Seventeenth of " King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend " and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, " Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, " and to Houses of Correction," as relates to Soldiers and Mariners;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Scotch Dis- Mr. Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported tillerv Bill from the Committee of the whole House, to whom reporu the Bill for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a Time to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into on Bill for a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for /iiTtfaer set- further settling and securing a certain^ Annuity on the Annuity*on Heirs Male of the Body of the late Lord Rodney, to the Heirs of whom the Barony of Rodney shall descend, in Consi-Lord Rodney, deration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Lord Rodney to His Majesty, and the Public.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr . Henry Hobart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Luna, 10* die Junii;

Anno 33* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1793.

Praters.

ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the Chelmsford Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for N«vjg»tk« making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the Town of Chelmsford, or some Part of the Parish of Springfield, in the CouDty of Essex, and a ] Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Black- , water, in the said County, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

1 he said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable 1 Communication between the Town of Chelmsford, or some Part of the Parish of Springfield, in the County of Essex, and a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the

River Blackwater, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term granted i-m-

and continued by several Acts passed, for repairing paued. and enlarging the Highways between the Top of I';'® Kingsdoum Hill, and the City of Bath, and for amend- ! ing several other Highways leading to the said City; and also for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, and for repealing the several Powers contained in the said Acts, and granting others instead thereof, for the Improvement and Repair of the said Roads, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 21. I.38. After " Trustees," to insert "although not assembled at a " Meeting of the said Trustees."

Pr. 30. I.31. To leave out "except as herein after mentioned."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in; Repair, several Roads leading to and from the City of Bath.

Ordered, That Sir John Trevelyan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An

if for*

Killing miiv f? Heirs >xi Rod

% 1

1 1 Heaton's Lenses Rill committed.

(V',

*I

‘Vi

Committee to sit To-

Vi morrow.

Em* Dean and

Chapter of

Lincoln and Hr. Ellison s

Exchange Bill com-

/lb mitted.

Committee

to sit To-

morrow.

33. Geo. III.

10° Junii.

865

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sarah Heaton, Widow, Mother and Guardian of* John Heaton, a Minor, to grant Building Leases during his Minority, of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of Lincoln and Richard Ellison, Esquire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Trevelyan, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to sit, and proceed upon the said Bill Tomorrow Morning.

And the said Amendments wfere, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships, or other Vessels, and in obstructing Seamen, Keelmen, Casters; and Ship Carpenters, from pursuing their lawful Occupations.

Ordered, That Mr. Burden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the WestTanfield Open Common Fields, and a certain Moor or Com- Inclosure mon called Thomborough Moor, within the Parish of Bill passed. West Tanfield, in the North Riding of the County of

York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a certain Moor or Common called Thomborough Moor, within the Parish of West Tanfield, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bin for far- Ordered, That Mr. Charles Long do make the Re- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee

ther settling port from the Committee of the whole House, to to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* on Scotch the Annuity - — ‘ ~ 1 ~~1

whom the Bill for further settling and securing a cer- upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Coals, Culm,

tom A nr % i«tf«y An a Ua« A AJaIa Ar a W aa «? a a nrl f inn Ano kwAiinnf r\w I l n f A Vaa/ *

oo the Heirs of Lord Rodney reported.

OTj:

cm-

iit

k,

'i.'

r

Ei

a;

tain Annuity on the Heirs Male of the Body, of the late Lord Rodney, to whom the Barony of Rodney shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Lord Rodney to His Majesty, and the Public, was committed.

Mr. Charles Long accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

That the said Bill be read the Third Time Morning, if the said Bill shall be then

Ordered, Tomorrow ingrossed;

and Cinders, brought or carried Coastwise into Scot- eeFnceg land, and for granting other Duties on Licences to sell certain distilled Spirituous Liquors, in lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Serjeant Watson reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Sir Coungel or-John Henderson, of Fordel, in the County of Fife, Ba- deredonlte* ronet, William Wemyss of Wemyss, Esquire, and John D*

Bill for preventing destroying or damaging Shi|)s, &c. passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Campbell, Esquire, Writer to the Signet, which was Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for better pre- presented to the House upon Monday last, might be venting of Offences in setting Fire to, destroying, or again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Report be received; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

damaging Ships, or other Vessels; and in forcibly obstructing the navigating of Ships, or other Vessels, or obstructing Seamen and others from pursuing their lawful Occupations, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.;

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, Haydon Bill, by Way of Ryder, that Offences against this passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His pre- Square, &c.

Act, committed on the High Seas, shall be tried in the sent Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, BlU

Court of Admiralty. and watching Haydon Square, the Square, Haydon p

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street,

the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and

be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder. ton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading thereto,

Then the Amendments following were severally pro- in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the

Minories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard,

Vo i. 48. jo L Sheepy

posed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 22. Pr. 5. 1. 13.

1. 36.

re-

After "holden," to insert " spectively."

To leave out from " committed" to " shall," in Line 14.

After " holden," to insert " respectively;" and leave out from the End of Pr. 5, to the beginning of Pr. 7.

A. 1793.

\(f yunil.

fikdepy YaPd, Church Street, Littk Church Street, otherwise the Church P, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading thereto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Consolidated An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a cer-Fund Bill tain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and

P^sse . for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title b6, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dutchy of An ingrossed Bill to enable His Royal Highness Cornwall George Prince of Wales to make Leases, Copies, and pushed*. Orfints of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Tithe.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An Act to enable His Royal Highness George Princfe of Wales to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Ansiruthtr do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee Ordered, That the Ordfer of the Day, for the House on Bill to jo resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, amend" Acts' upon to continue for a limited Time, and to

for regulating amend, several Acts of Parliament for regulating die the shipping shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from of Slaves. the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Mordaunt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Mordaunt reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him . to report, when the House will please to receive die

same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Valle's Nat. Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the'Committee, to Bill reported, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An «nd passed. Act for naturalizing Bartholomew Valle, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report die Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do caiTy the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

An ingtotatd Bill for the better Regulation of Ware- Bill for r«. housed Tobacco, was read the Third Time. guiation of

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act for the better Regulation of Warehoused p^sed!° Tobacco; and for permitting certain Tobacco of the Spanish Dominions to be admitted to Entry on the Payment of the British Plantation Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the LordB, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking Bill for En-into further Consideration the Report from the Com- couragement mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the of Seame.n Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said cowidml. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wigky took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wigky reported from the Committee, That they had made several ether Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morhing.

The Earl of Cary fort reported to the House, that he Report of had, according to their Order of Friday last, been at Message to the Lords, arid delivered the Message to them, de* ^ferrin^Nir! siring that their Lordships will allow further Time for Hastings's the Members of this House, appointed to manage the Trial. Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, to proceed in their Rfeply to his Defence ;and that their Lordships gave for Answer, that they would send an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into scotch Dis-further Consideration the Report from the Committee tillery Bill Of the whole Houste, to whom the Bill for the Regula- deferred, tion of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a Time to be limited, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration -To-morrOw Morning.

Mr. Bramstm, according to Order, reported from Report on rt-the Committee, to whom the Report was re-oom- committed minted, which was made from the Committee, who Complaint were appointed to enquire into the Matter of the Com-, ^gp^^g plaint made' to the House, by a Member in his Place, Chelmsford of an Omission having been made in the ingrossed Navigation Bill for making and maintaining a Navigation from, B,u' or nearly from, the Town of Chelmsford, in the County of Essex, to a Place called Colliers Reach, m or near the River Blackzcater, in the said County, of the Name of one of the Commissioners, which was-inserted on the Report of the said Bill, and also, that the Names of Two Proprietors, inserted by this House, appeared to have been erased from the said ingrossed Bill; That the Committee had considered the said Report, and had directed him to make a further Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;

12 and

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

vis.

It appeared to the Committee, That the Name of

John Strutt was clearly wrote in the Amendment re* ceived by the House upon the Report of the said Bill, and that the said Name is the Third upon the List, which List is not taken Alphabetically.

It also appeared upon the ingrossed Bill, that the Commissioners Names are inserted Alphabetically, and that the Name of John Strutt is omitted.

Your Committee then called Mr. David Jones, the Ingrossing Clerk, who was asked, Whether he ingrossed the Ckelmer Navigation Bill? he said, He did not.

That the customary Way of doing Business in the In- grossing Office, after a Bill is ordered to be ingrossed, is, to put the Bills in Hand by Rotation, as they are reported to the House: This Bill, for the Convenience of the Agents, was sent out to be ingrossed; and on its Return was delivered to Mr. White, the Agent for the Bill, to be examined.

And being asked, Whether he (the Witness) examined the ingrossed Bill with the House Bill and Amendments? he said, No. That the Examination of Bills by the Ingrossing Clerk has not been usual for near Thirty Years. That Bills formerly were examined by the Ingrossing Clerk, and the Agent for the Bill; and that he hath heard it was formerly customary for the Chairman of the Committee to whom the Bill was committed, to examine the Ingrossment. — And being asked, Whether the Bill was re-delivered to him by Mr. White she said, It was, by him, or One of his Clerks — It was delivered into the Office to be prepared for the Third Reading in the usual Way. That he does not know the Person who actually ingrossed the Bill; but Part of it was done at Messrs. Richards and Watt, Stationers, in Wyth Street, and the other Part at Messrs. Hughes and Watsh, Stationers, in the Temple — It was divided into different Parts for the Sake of Expedition, on Account of its Length — it is the usual Practice to ingross from a printed Bill — they pay no Regard to the written Copy, if they can get a printed Bill. — And being asked, Was this the only private Bill sent out to be ingrossed this Session ? he answered, No; not by many. That he - received the printed Bill from the Agent, Mr. White. — Then,

Mr. John White being examined, was asked, How it happened that the Name of John Strutt is omitted in the ingrossed Bill ? he replied, That in the Bill, as reported from the Committee, is a long List of Commissioners Names arranged in Alphabetical Order; tvhen the Report was considered in the House, there were about Twenty more Commissioners added by the House; these were not arranged Alphabetically, but trere either fastened in the Bill, or left loose, he knows not which — the Bill so amended was ordered to be ingrossed, and taken into the Ingrossing Office. It m not usual for the Ingrossing Clerks to ingross from the House Bill and Amendments, but from a printed and altered Copy, given them by the Solicitor for the Bill — Those BiHs the Clerks in his Office usually prepare; but, in this Instance, they being exceedingly hurried, he prepared the Bill himself: He had before him a Bill, with the Amendments, as it passed the Committee; in this was a Manuscript Copy of the First Set of Commissioners — he wrote into that from the additional List added upon the Report, those Names, placing them Alphabetically, ticking them off, as he believes will appear from the Paper; upon that Paper were the Names of John Strutt and Joseph Holden Strutt, at the Distance of Tw'o Names from each other: That he, by Mistake, wrote John Holden Strutt, and also, by Mistake, omitted the Name of John Strutt, and so the Bill was ingrossed; as also were the Proof Acts prqiarcd: That he meant to say, that he

V ol. 18.

had not to copy the additional Karnes one immediately following the other, but to select them, and mix them in their Alphabetical Order with the others. — Being asked, Who examined that Ingrossment, and where it was examined ? he said. It is never customary for the Ingrossing Clerks themselves to examine the Ingrossment — They give it to the House Solicitor for that Purpose; some of whose Clerks examine it. — It is the constant Practice of their Office to make the Country Agents examine all Ingrossments; most particularly, because neither they, nor their Clerks, can be competent to decide upon the Spelling of Names. This Ingrossment, according to the Practice of their Office, was, in the First Instance, examined by Three of their Clerks, with the Proof Act, and the House Bill, and Amendments. Their Clerks would find the Ingrossment and Proof Act agree; and as they also had, in the Reading of the Commissioners Names, to select into Alphabetical Order the additional Commissioners Names, they, he supposes, fell into the same Error as he had done. The Ingrossment and the Proof Act were again examined in the Ingrossing Office by One of their Clerks, and Mr. Ltapingwdl, the Country Agent. — Being asked, What was become ‘of the Paper which he transcribed from the Original List of additional Commissioners? he said, That Paper was in the Bill which he had in his Hand, which went to the Press for a Proof Act: Such BiHs, when returned from the Press, are considered in their Office as Waste Paper, and thrown about as such, by which Means such Papers as are loose in them are frequently lost, and he had, in fact, great Difficulty in finding any Part of this Bill; the List of Commissioners Names, so transcribed by him, and put into the Bill, he cannot find — He means to say, that he was the original Cause of this Error, but he had no Motive for leaving out Mr. John Strutt's Name, as it must be a Matter of total Indifference to him who were, or who were not, Commissioners. — Being then shewn the Paper of additional Commissioners, he was asked, Whether the Ticks therein were made by him? he said. They were; he meant them for his Guide in inserting those additional Names among the others, putting the Tick over each Name as he selected it, and wrote it into the other Copy. — Being asked, Why these being ticked, did he imagine they were omitted to be copied ? he said, In the Proof Act, which was printed from his Manuscript, stands John Holden Strutt, and because he has some Time since seen the Paper, which is now lost, in which he saw, in his own Hand Meriting, John Holden Strutt, and neither the Name of John Strutt, or Joseph Holden Strutt, and because he has been told by Mr. Lcapingtoell, that he found it so in the Ingrossment; and that, knowing the re was no such Person as John Holden Strutt, he so far corrected the Mistake, in his Examination of the Ingrossment, as to alter the Name of John to Joseph — That he never looked to this Part of the Ingrossment till the Error was discovered.

It appearing upon the Face of the additional List that there are Ticks at the End of the Names of John Otmius, Sir George Jackson, and John Strutt, and of those Names only, he was asked, How he accounted for that ? he said, He cannot account for it; but he wishes the Committee to observe, that there are other Marks at the End of other Names — That One of the Names has Two Ticks above it, and that One of the Names has no Tick at all — How these additional Ticks came he cannot account for; but he should wish to inform the Committee, that that List has not been in his Custody, but has been in no less than Three different Offices in the House of Commons, as he has been informed; meaning the Ingrossing Office, Mr. Benson the Clerk of the Papers Office, and Mr. Rosiers Office — The Marks at the End of the Three First Names he does not believe are of his making. —

And

Report respecting an Omission and Erasure in Chelmsford Navigation

Bill*

Import respecting an Omission and Erasure in Chelmsford Navigation Bill.

868 10° J

And being asked, If h6 can recollect -when he first discovered die Omission of Mr. Strutt's Name?

he said, It was on one of the Days on which the Committee on the Bill sat at the House of Lords, when Mr. Bramston asked him, If he knew of the

Omission of any Name.? to which he replied, No. He immediately mentioned Mr. Strutt's Name; upon which he looked in the Report at the House of Commons, where he found the Name — That he looked Into the Ingrossment at the House of Lords, where he found the Alteration from John to Joseph — He looked at that Paper in his Hand Writing, which is now lost, in which he found the original Mistake. — And being asked, Whether that Paper was then in his Custody r he said, He then found it, after some considerable Search, lying with other waste Paper in the Office in which his Clerks write: Not considering the Matter to be of much Consequence, he left the Paper where he found it; and never enquired for it again till last Night, or the Night before. — And being asked, Whather he informed Mr. Bor any other Person, that the Mistake was owing to himself? he said, He does not know. — And being asked, What Impression he meant to convey to the Committee, by saying, that he did not consider the Matter to be of much Consequence ? he replied, That he meant to say, that he did not suppose any further Notice would be taken of it; especially as Mr. Bramston had authorized him to say that his Son, and Mr. Baker that his Brother, should instantly resign, that Mr. Strutt might be elected a Commissioner, and which he immediately told to Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt, his Son. — And being asked, What was the Reply of Mr. Strutt to him? he said, The Conversation passed in the Lords Committee Room, he believes; and he believes in rather a low Voice; and he thinks Mr. Strutt said, that he should not be satisfied unless his complete List, or the Whole of his List, was inserted, or Words to that Effect — To this Conversation he cannot speak positively. — And being asked, Whether the Offer cf Two Commissioners to resign, and the Answer of Mr. Joseph Holden Sh'utt, did not impress him with an Idea

rif the Importance of the Subject in Question ? he replied, It did not; because he supposed Mr. Stnitt would have been satisfied by being made a Commissioner, and so no Person would have Reason to complain; but if not so, he supposed that, upon his Complaint, the Lords Committee would have amended the Bill, by inserting his Name; and that when the Bill came back to this House so amended, this House would agree to the Amendment, as his Idea was, that they would consider the Matter as a clerical Mistake; it appearing that the Lords had only corrected their Error, they having in one Stage of the Business constituted Mr. Strutt a Commissioner, and they, the House, not having themselves left him. out. — And being asked, Whether it was not represented to him by the Gentleman who made an Offer for a Commissioner to resign, to be of Consequence ? he said, He is almost positive not: He thinks the only Conversation that ever passed upon the Subject was, as to the Matter of Fact, whether the Name was in or out; and whether, if the Lords did so amend the Bill, it was such an Amendment as the Commons could agree to — And being asked, What Answer did he make to those Gentlemen ? he said, It is impossible for him to recollect the Particulars of such Conversation, which passed a long Time since, and which he never thought he should be questioned about. He begged to add, to all that he has said, That the Commission of so great an Error, if done intentionally, must have been extremely irejudicial to him in his Situation; and he cannot but >e extremely concerned, that he has eVeu unintentionally omitted the Name of Mr. Strutt. — And being asked, In what Stage of the Bill did Mr.

«r his (the Witness's) Clerks, having examined the

'unit. A. 1793.

Ingrossment, tell him of the Alteration made from John to Joseph ? he said. The Ingrossment has never been in the Power of his Clerks, or Mr. since it

was read the Third Time, and passed,- in the House of Commons; and he believes Mr. Leapingwell told him of the Discovery and Correction of die Error immediately; and he the more thinks so. because, w'hen the Acts were printed, the Error of John Holden Strutt in the Proof Act was corrected.

Mr. John Leapingwell was called in and asked, What does he know of the Alteration of the Name of Joseph Holden Strutt in the Ingrossment of the Chelmer Canal Bill? he said, The Name was John, and as he knew Mr. Holden Strutt's Name to be Joseph, he altered it from John to Joseph. — And being asked, At what Time did he alter it? he said, Upon examining the Bill (at Mr. White's Request) the Day before it was read the Third Time, in the House of Commons, and in the Ingrossing Office. — And being asked, What Connection he had with the Bill? he said, He was one of the Country Agents for the Bill. — And being asked, When did he first see that Ingrossment? he said, On the Day he examined it. — And being asked, With what did he examine it? he said, With a printed Bill. — And being asked, Had he no other Document whatever? he said, Not as far as concerned his Examination. — And being asked, Whether he examined the whole Bill? he said, He believes he examined the whole Bill from Beginning to End, except the Commissioners Names, and those he corrected, many of them being wrong spelt — And being asked, When did he correct those Commissioners Names as to then' Spelling? he said, Immediately afterwards. — And being asked, How many of the Commissioners Names did he correct in the Spelling? he said, He could not recollect. — And being asked, Why did be alter the Name of John, to that of Joseph ? he said, He had answered that Question before. — And being asked, Whether he did never see a List of Commissioners wherein the Name of John Strutt was inserted ? he said, No. — And being asked, Whether he (ever at any Time) did hear Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt read the Name of John Strutt, from that List? he said, He really does not recollect. — And being asked, Whether he did not hear Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt read a List of Commissioners proposed by him, and rejected in the Chelmer Navigation Committee on the Bill? he said, He did. — And being asked, Whether he did not, when he saw the Name of John Holden Strutt, hesitate in his Mind, whether it might be Mr. John Strutt, or Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt ? he said, No. — And being asked; -What determined him to know, that John Holden Strutt was intended for Joseph Holden he said, Upon seeing Holden Strutt, be knew. Joseph ought to precede Holden, and did not think of John Strutt. — And being asked, Whether he referred to any Document to see how the Mistake in the Name of Joseph arose ? he said, He did not, as he was merely correcting the wrong spelt Names. — And being asked, Whether he informed any Person, and when, of this Alteration he made ? he said, The Clerk with whom he examined the Bill at the Time. — And being asked, Who was that Clerk ? he said, He did not know. — And being asked, Was he a Clerk of Mr. White to his Knowledge ? he said, He believes so. — And being asked, Whether he informed anybody else, ana when ? he said. He informed Mr. White that Evening, that he had corrected the wrong Spelling of the Commissioners Names, who said, That was One of the Purposes for which he was desired to examine the Bill. — And being asked, Whether he (having heard the Name of John Strutt read over in the Committee Room on the Bill) ever mentioned that he did not see that Name in the List of Commissioners in the ingrossed Bill ? he said, He does not recollect that he

did; or if he did, it must have been from some Person having mentioned it to him. — And being asked. Whether lie did not know that the Name of Strutt was rejected in the Committee upon the Bill ? he said, He knew that the List proposed by- Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt was rejected by the Committee. — And being asked, Whether he did not know that the Name of John Strutt was in that List ? he said, Yes; he believes it was. — And being asked, Whether he does not know that Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt's List, which was rejected by the Committee on the Bill, was received without any Exception by the House upon the Report of the Bill? he said, Yes; he believes it was, but he never saw it. — And being asked, Whether he did not hear Mr. Joseph Holdeti Strutt say, that there were Three additional Names to that List? he said, Yes. — And being asked, Having then heard Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt say, that there were Three additional Names to his List, was not that List in his Opinion the same as was offered to the Committee on the Bill, and rejected? he said Yes. — And being asked, Whether he has any Doubt that Mr. John Strutt was appointed by the House a Commissioner ? he said, He has no Doubt. — And being asked, Whether he understood, when he was called upon by Mr. White (the Solicitor for the Bill) to compare the in-

f'ossed Bill with the printed Bill, that it was for the urpose of correcting, in point of Spelling, the Names inserted therein ? he said, Certainly. — And being asked. Whether he had, at the Time of his Examination of the Ingrossment, any other Copy of the Bill, by which he did actually examine the Ingrossment, than that which was delivered to him by Mr. White together with the ingrossed Bill ? he said, No. — And being asked, Whether he did, in all such Alterations which he made, make them with the sole View of having the Bill more conformable to the Truth, and to the Intention of the Parties interested ? he said, Most certainly he did. — And being asked, Whether he knew, while he was correcting the Names in the Ingrossing Office, that the Name of John Strutt was omitted in the Ingrossment? he said, No, he did not; if he had he would have instantly inserted it. — And being asked, Whether he knew it before the Bill was read the Third Time in the House of Commons ? he said, No. — And being asked, When he examined the Bill, by which Word he understood " compare," did Mr. White's Clerk hold in his Hand the printed Bill, and compare with him ? he said. Yes. — And being asked, Whether Mr. White's Clerk stopt when he came to the Commissioner's Names, or did he then compare the Commissioners Names with him? he said, They skipped over the Commissioners Names till they had examined the other Part of the Bill, and he then corrected the wrong Spelling in the Commissioners Names. — And being asked, Whether the Clerk was present when he did so ? he said, He was. — And being asked, Whether he saw him do it? he said, He did, or might have seen it, being at the Table. — The Witness having said, he altered the Spelling of the Commissioners Names, he. was desired to look at the Ingrossment and point out the Names. — He looked at the Ingrossment, and said, They were altered by him, or by the Clerk at his Instance. — And being asked, Which were altered by himself? he said Joseph in Joseph Holden Strutt was altered by himself, and some others by him, or by the Clerk. — And being desired to look at the Name of Smyth, he was asked, Whether that was altered by him ? he said, He could not say. — And being asked, Was it altered at all? he said, He believes so, by him, or the Clerk. — And being asked, Whether he could point out, at this distance of Time, any One Name he had altered, except the Name of Joseph in Joseph Holden Strutt ? he said, he could not with absolute Certainty. — And being asked, Whether he is acquainted with John Strutt, Esquire, whose Name is Vol. 48.

left out ? he said, He knows him personally; he lives Report on ait about Seven Miles from him. — And being asked, Omission When he saw the Name of John Holden Strutt in the and Erasure Ingrossment, why did he rather alter John to Joseph, f",d NavT'a-than obliterate the additional Name of Holden? He tion Bill, said, Seeing Three Names, he thought it was meant for Mr. Joseph Holden Strutt, he having three Names; and Mr. John Strutt having but Two. — And being shewn the Original List of Names inserted upon the Report, as passed by the House of Commons, he wa& asked, Whether he ever saw that List? he said, No. —

And being asked, Whether he recollected ever to have seen any written List of the additional Commissioners? he said, No:

John Rosier, Esquire, being examined, was asked;

Whether he was employed by the Persons who opposed the Chelmer Navigation Bill? he said, Yes. —

And being asked, Whether he saw the Ingrossment of the Bill before it was read the Third Time; he said.

He saw it no otherwise than in the Roll. — And being asked, Whether he examined the Bill? he said, No.

— And being asked, Whether he knew by any other Means, before the Bill was read the Third Time, that the Name of John Strutt was omitted in the List of Commissioners? he said, No. — And being asked, Whether he could tell when the Ingrossment was finished ? he said, No. — And being asked, Whether he ever heard when it was finished ? he said, No. — And being asked, Whether he saw the Proof Act from which the Ingrossment was made? he said, No. — And being asked, Whether it was usual to have the Country Agent to correct the Spelling of the Names? he said, Yes. —

And being asked, Whether the Country Agent, who co-operated with him on the Chelmer Navigation Bill, did examine the Ingrossment before the Bill was read the Third Time ? he said, He could not tell.

Mr. William Birch attending was asked, Whether ' he examined the Ingrossment of the Chelmer Navigation Bill, before the Bill was read the Third Time ? he said, He never examined the Ingrossment at all. —

And being asked, Whether any Clerk or other Person employed by him, examined it before that Time? he said, He believed not. — And being asked, Whether he conceived it to have been expected of him to examine the Bill with the Ingrossment? he said, No, by no Means. — And being asked, Why so ? he said, He was not employed for the Bill but against it, upon the Principle of its Inutility and Inexpediency, and of its being conceived that it would do more Injury than Good. — And being asked, If he had been Agent for the Bill, whether he should have thought it incumbent upon him to have seen it properly examined ? he said, He should rather have thought it the Business of the Officers of the House, but should have been willing to have given any Assistance he could, had he been called upon for that Purpose-

Mr. Robert Ward, being called in and examined, said.

He was a Clerk in Mr. White's Office. — And being asked, Whether he had been employed in respect to the Chelmer Navigation Bill in his Office? he said,

Yes. — And being asked, When the Chelmer ingrossed Navigation Bill was put into his Hands for Examination ? he said, It passed through his Hands Twice. —

And being asked, Whether he recollected the First Time he examined it? he said, He examined it the First Time with the Clerks in the Office, with the House Bill and Amendments, and the Proof Act. — '

And being asked, When he examined the Ingrossment with Mr. Leapingrvell ? he said, It was the last Examination of it. — And being asked, Whether he had the Parchment, or the Proof Act? — he said, He had the Proof Act — And being asked, Whether he proceeded regularly in comparing it ? he said, They went through the Examination of all the Clauses first, and left the Names to the last. — And being asked, How he examined the Names? he said. The Agent read

10 M the

,y ^3

Report on an Omission mid Erasure in Cht-lms-fmd Navigation Hill.

87Q 10°

> the Names through hastily, and corrected Such as he (the Agent) thought wrong. — And being asked, Whether the Agent corrected the Ingrossment or the Proof? he said, The Ingrossment. — 'And being asked, Whether he (the Witness) corrected the Ingrossment in respect to Spelling the Names? he said, Not at that Time. — And being asked, Whether he saw Mr.

Leapingwell correct any of the Names ? he said, Some Corrections he did make at that Time. — And being asked, Whether there was any Conversation upon any of those Names he altered? he said, None. — And being asked, Whether he went through all the Names at that Time ? he said, He read them all through. — And being asked. Whether the Agent altered them as he went along ? He said, Yes. — And being asked, When he (the Witness) altered any? he stud, He could not tell whether he altered any or not — And being asked, Whether Mr. gave him Di-

rections to alter any Names ? he said, Not at all, he gave him no Directions. — And being asked, Whether lie knew his own Hand Writing when he saw it? he said, He did, but might be deceived in an Alteration. And being desired to look at the Ingrossment, and see whether he could discover any Alteration made by him ? he did so, and said, There was an Alteration, but he could not say whether he did it or not. — And being asked, Whether he ever made any Alterations in an original Ingrossment with his own Hand? he said, Ail the Time of examining the Ingrossment he had, the Examination being for that Purpose. — And being asked, Whether he recollected to have compared that Ingrossment with any printed or written Document whatever? he said, He compared it with the House Pill and Amendments, and the printed Act. — And being asked, Whether the Committee were to understand by the Word " Alteration," that he meant correcting the Spelling, and writing the proper Christian Name for the wrong Name inserted ? he said, Certainly, if they can come at that which is right. — And being asked, Whether the Alterations were usually made in an Ingrossed Hand or in common Writing? he said, He alters in both. — And being asked, Whether it is usual to permit the Agent for a Bill to alter Christian and Surnames at his Pleasure? he said, From his Locality and personal Knowledge of People, they rely upon him for accuracy, and therefore permit it to be done. — And being asked. Who had the House Bill upon the First Examination? he said, He thought it was Rickard Jones: And,

Mr. Richat'd Jones being called in, he was asked, Whether he was the Person that examined the Chelmer Navigation House Bill with its Amendments, and the Proof Act, with Mr. Robert Ward? he said, He was. — And being asked, Who had the House Bill and Amendments at that Examination ? he said, He had. And being asked, Whether he had all the Amendments ? he said, he had. — And upon his being shewn the original Amendments, he was asked, Whether he had those Amendments in the same State that he now saw them in ? he said, To the best of his Knowledge as . they are now. — And being asked, Whether in his Examination he made any Marks or Ticks upon any of those Papers? he said, No; he did not. — And being asked, Whether the additional List of Commissioners, ticked in the Manner he now saw it, was ticked when he examined it ? he said, He could not answer that Question. — And being asked, When he called over the Names of the Commissioners in his Examination, did he mark them off as he went on? he said, No. — And being asked, Whether he read from the List, or did the Person read who had the Proof Act ? he said, He read the House Bill and Amendments. — And being asked, Whether he read the name of John Strutt ? he said, He might or might not — And being asked, Whether he had any Reason to believe that he omitted that Name? he said, No; he had no Reason. — And

i?

yntiii. . 1793.

being asked, Whether he supposed then that he read Mr. John Strut's Name with others ? he said, He could not charge his Memory wnetlier he did or not. — And being asked, Whether he did or did not suppose he read Mr. John Strutt's Name ? he said, He supposed he did. — And being asked, Whether there was any Conversation upon this Examination respecting Mr. John Strutt's Name? he said, None at at all, to the best of his Recollection. — And being asked, Whether there were any other Person or Persons assisting at the Examination besides Mr. Ward? he said, There was. — And being asked who ? he said, His Name was Robert Jones: And upon looking at the House Bill, he was asked, Whether that was the Bill he read? he said, Yes.

Mr. John White being called in, he was asked, How long was the last Examination of the Ingrossment before it was read in the House ? he said, The Day before. — And being asked, Whether there is any Form of examining it more than Once ? he said, They are always examined Twice, and sometimes oftener. — And being asked, How long before the last Examination of the Third Reading ? he said, No certain Time. — And being asked, whether he had when in the House of Lords, on the Day he was informed by Mr. of the Omission of the Name of John Strutt, in his Possession the copied Papier of the additional Commissioners ? he said, It was then lying with other Waste Papier in their Clerks Room. — And being aaked, How long after did he see it ? he said, He could not tell. — And being asked, Whether it was on the Morning of the Evening of that Day ? he said, He could not tell* — And being asked, Whether it was on that Day ? he said, He did not know. — And being asked, Whether he left the Lords Committee Room to search fof it? — He said, He thought not. — And being asked; Whether he shewed it to any body when he found it ? he said, He believed not.' — And being asked, Whether he desired any body to search for it ? he said, Hi9 Clerks looked for it and found it. — And being asked, Whether he could say when they shewed it to him ? he said, He could not say the precise Time. — And being asked, by precise Time, what Length of Time he meant ? he said, He meant within Two or Three Days. — And being asked, Whether he had not stated, that he did not look upon this Matter of any Consequence at the Time ? he said, He must beg Leave to refer to the former Part of his Evidence. — And being asked, Whether he recollected having the original Amendments in his Possession a little Time after the Committee of Lords on the Bill broke up? he said, He did. — And being asked, Whether he recollected bringing that to Mr. Rosier s Room ? he said, He did.' — And being asked, Whether he recollected being desired to carry it to its proper Place ? he said, He did. — And being asked, Whether he recollected not complying with that Desire, but putting it into the Hands of another Person ? he said. He thought he took them into the Ingrossing Office, and there left them, which is the proper Place for them. — And being asked, Whether those Persons Opposers to the Bill did not shew an anxiety to have this lodged in its proper Place ? he said, Mr. Birch Junior said he wanted to have a Copy, and he tendered them to him to take to the Clerk whose Business it was to copy them, but Colonel Strutt said, " you took them away, you should " replace them," or Words to that effect. — And being asked. Whether this Conduct of the Opposers demanding a Copy, did not impress on his Mind the important Consequence of the Omission of Mr. Strutt's Name? he said, He did not remember to have thought upon the subject. — And being asked, Whether Mr. Leapingwell informed him of any Alteration he had made in the Ingrossment in his (the Witness's) Office ? he said, he thought he told him (the Witness) he had altered John to Joseph. — And being asked,)

Whether

871

Whether he recollected when? he said, He did not. — And being asked, If it was before the Bill was read the Third Time? he said, He was pretty sure it was. —

And being asked, Whether'he recollected making any Reply to Mr. Leapingwell when he informed him he

(Mr. Leapingwell) had made an Alteration? he said, He did not remember what passed.

Mr. John Birch being examined, he was asked, Whether he did not receive the Amendments from Mr. White and carry them into the Ingrossing Office ? he said, He did not. — Mr. White spoke correctly as to that Fact: And,

Mr. John While being called in, said, In searching Yesterday for another Paper, among a great Number of loose Papers lying in a Window Seat close to his Seat in his own Office, he found the Paper containing the List of Commissioners Names, which in his former Evidence he said he had not been able to find, and in which are interlined the Names of the Commissioners contained in the additional List, and which on the additional List appear to be ticked Off by him, except that the Name of John Strutt is omitted, and that the Name of Joseph Holden Strutt is written by him John Holden Strutt, which was done by Mistake and not by Design. [He produced the Paper.] And being asked, By whom were the Names contained in the Paper (and which were not written by him) written ? he said, It was a Copy he had from the Clerk who attended the Committee on the Bill. — It appearing by the Amendments, that in the List of Proprietors the Name of Benjamin Folkes is inserted between the Names of Francis Abell and John Herringham, and the Name of John Rennie iS also inserted between the Names of Alexander Peter Allan and Thomas Cawkwell, and it appearing by the Ingrossment that the said Two Names are omitted, and that an Efasement appears to have been made in each of those Places where those Names should have stood; he whs asked, How he accounted for the Omissions and the Erasure ? he said, The Day before the Bill was to be read the Third time, Mr. Leapingwell came to him in his Office, and with Words of Anger, Displeasure, and Surprize, having a printed Bill in his Hand, said " Here is the r‘ Name of Rennie," he (the Witness) believes he said Is it Rennie the Surveyor;" Mr. Leapingwell said " Yes, but he has sold his Shares, it is Rennie our " Witness," or Words to that Effect, he replied, " We " will have him out, or we will leave him out," or Some Words to that Purpose; the Witness further said, A Is there any other Witness," he said " Yes, ," the Witness then said " Well, we will have them all or " both out," meaning thereby that he would do what fe very usual, prepare an Amendment to be moved on the Third Reading to leave them out; there the Matter rested, and Mr. Leapingwell left him; the next Morning he looked to that Part of the Ingrossment for the Purpose of preparing the Amendment, and the Proprietors Names not being in Alphabetical Order, he read them from one End to the other, and not finding the Name of John Rennie in, he concluded that either he had misunderstood Mr. Leapingwell, or that he had been mistaken, and that the Name had never been in The Witness further said, He knew that Mr. Rennie had been a Witness examined at the Committee of the Commons, and he himself had long before told him he had sold his Shares — Benjamin Folkes he did not find in the Ingrossment — he left the Matter there, and thought no more of it — he further said, he was quite certain Mr. Leapingwell told him Folkes had also sold his Shares — he said, he was much concerned that he made no further Search, by examining the House Bill and Amendments with the Ingrossment, if he had so done he should have discovered the Mistake, should have re-instated the Names, and have prepared a Motion for leaving them out, but this happened in a Time when he was excessively hur-Vol. 48.

ried indeed; that it never occurred to him that Mr. Report»ns# Leapingwell would have erased the Names himself. — Omission and And being asked, whether he mentioned this Cir- c helms fold cumstance to the Chairman, or any other Member of Navigation the House of Commons? he said, He never men- Bill, tioned or thought of the Circumstance again 'till the Error was discovered in the House of Lords. — And being asked. Whether he prepared any Amendment? he said, He did not; that he looked to the Ingrossment for that Purpose, but not finding the Names there, lie could not prepare an Amendment to leave them out. —

And being asked. Whether Mr. Rennie was examined as an Evidence before the Committee at the House of Lords? he said, Yes. — And being asked, Whether Mr. Folkes was examined as an Evidence before the House of Lords? he said, He believed not — And being asked, Whether Mr. Rennie declared, upon a Question being put before he was examined at the Committee of the House of Lords, that he was not a Proprietor of the Navigation? he said, Mr. Rennie said he had a long Time before sold his Shares out and out. — And being asked, Whether Mr. Rennie had told him to whom he had sold his Shares ? he said, He had within these few Days, since the Bill came from the Lords, told him all the Circumstances, and he thinks he named Clacker: And,

Mr. Leapingwell being called in, and asked, Whether he knew any thing of the Erasures of the Names of Benjamin Folkes and John Rennie from the ingrossed Bill ? he said, He made the Erasures. — And being asked, When he made them? he said, At the Time of the examining the Bill the Day before it was read the Third Time in the House of Commons. — And being asked, How he came to make them ? he said, Upon finding their Names in the Ingrossment, he left the Ingrossing Office, where he had been examining the Bill, and went with a printed Bill in his Hand to Mr.

White's Office, and told Mr. White that the Names of John Rennie and Benjamin Folkes should not have been in the Ingrossment, as they had long since sold their Shares, upon which he said " we must leave them out " or take them out," or some such Words, by which he understood he was to take them out — he returned to the Ingrossing Office, and took them out accordingly. — And being asked, Whether any Person was

Eresent when he erased the Names ? he said, The same Ilerk with whom he examined it, was he believed there at that Moment. — And being asked, Whether he communicated to any Person whatsoever that he had erased those Two Names? he said, He did to Mr.

White. — And being asked, When? he said, After the examining the whole of the Bill on the Evening he did it. — And being asked, When he first knew Mr. Rennie had sold out ? he said, It was in the Month of he thought the Ninth. — And being asked, Whether be prepared any Transfer of the Share of Mr. Rennie? he said, He filled up a printed blank Agreement for a Transfer. — And being asked. Whether it was for an immediate Transfer, or for a future Day ? he said, A Transfer he believed to take place after the Act should be obtained. — And being asked, When Benjamin Folkes informed him that he had sold his Share? he said, Some Months ago. — And being asked. If he knew whether any other of the Proprietors now standing upon the Bill had sold their Shares ? he said, He believed some of them had.

Mr. John Rennie being called, was asked, Whether he was a Proprietor of the Chelmer Navigation? he said,

He had been, but was not know. — And being asked.

If he had sold his Shares ? he said, He bad absolutely sold them; that he sold them on the Eighth of last March, and was paid for them on the Ninth. — And being asked. Who he sold them to? he said, Mr.

Wedge sold them for him to Mr. Clacker; they were in fact sold in January, but some Dispute prevented the Transfer 'till March.

Mr.

872 10° juniL1793.

Report on an Mr. Leapingwell being again called in, and his former Omission Evidence being read over to him, was asked. When CMn*fr-r* 'n^orme<J Mr. White that he had made the Erasure ford Naviga- the Names of John Rennie and Benjamin Folkes in the tion Bill. Ingrossraent of the Bill, what Answer Mr. White made to him? he said, He did not recollect he made any Answer; Three or Four People were round Mr. White's Desk talking to him, that he (the Witness) only just opened the Door to tell Mr. White that he had done, and would be down in the Morning. — And being asked, If he saw Air. White next Morning? he said, He saw him, but could not recollect at what Time. — And being asked. When he opened the Door in the Way he mentioned, what were the precise Words he made use of to Mr. White, as far as he could recollect ? he said, He could not recollect then, because he was in a Hurry at the Time.

Mr. Benjamin Folkes was called in, and asked, Whether he was a Proprietor of the Chelmer Navigation ? he said, He had been, but disposed of his Shares near Five Months ago, and received the Money for them instantly; the were sold to the Reverend Mr.

Brother to Lord Maynard.

Mr. John White was again called in, and asked, When he next saw Mr. after he had told

him that the Names of John and Benjamin Folkes

must be taken out of the ingrossed Bill ? he said, He could not recollect the precise Time, but he should suppose it was that Evening; he should suppose Mr.

Leapingwell would not have left the House without seeing him. — And being asked, If he recollected anything to have passed between them that Evening upon the Subject of the Erasement, or otherwise ? he said, He did not recollectr that anything passed. — And being asked, If Mr. Leapingwell ever told him that he had made the Erasement, and when ? he said, Yes, within these few Days, since the Error was discovered in the Committee of the House of Lords, but certainly not before the Bill passed the House of Commons.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

till to emend Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, made in the

TunTTke Act Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, committed, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in " being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Jhirposes," be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

'Valent, A-r. An ingrossed Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting. Paving Bill watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passe Ways, Passages, and Public Places, within such Part of the Parish of Walcot, in the County of Somerset, as is not within the Circuit, Precinct, and Jurisdiction of the City of Bath, in the same County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, and Carts, within the same Part of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. n. 1. 28. To leave out One" and insert " Eight" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the

House; and- the Bill- ivas amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Public Places, within such Part of the Parish of Walcot, in the County of Somerset, as is not within the Circuit, Precinct, and Jurisdiction, of the City of Bath, in the same County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Eucroachments, and Obstructions, and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Basket Men, and Basket Women within the said City of Bath, and & certain Distance thereof.

Ordered, That Sir John Trevelyan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- Copies of pies of certain Charters granted to the Burghs of Ayr, Charters,&c. Lochmaben, Pittenweem, and Auchtermuchtie; Records [heTovst of Election in the Burgh of Abe; Commissions Burghs in granted by King Charles the Second, and King Wil- Scotland liam and Queen Mary; Setts of the Burgh of Selkirk, ordered* Dumbarton, and New Galloway and Campbelton; Minutes of the Town Council of Haddington; and Two Acts of the Convention of Royal Burghs 9th and 10th July 1691.

The House being informed that Mr. Wilson, Agent Charters, Ae. to the Petitioners from the Royal Burghs in Scot- respecting land, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at j*"e the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Scotland1* Order, presented,

N* t. Charter to the Burgh of Ayr, James Sixth*

»595;

N° 2. Charter to the Burgh of Lochmaben, 1612;

N° 3. Charter to the Burgh of Pittenweem, 28th James;

N° 4. Charter to the Burgh of 1591; all certified by Alexander Robertson, Keeper of the Records in His Majesty's General Register House in Scotland: And also,

N° 5. Two Extracts from the Records of Election in the Burgh of Aberdeen from 139810 1582; certified by Alexander Carnegie, Town Clerk of Aberdeen:

And also,

N° 6. Commission of King Charles the Second, for enquiring into the Affairs of the Burghs 1684; certified by Alexander Robertson, Keeper of the Records-in His Majesty's General Register House in Scotland:

And also,

N° 7. Commission of King William and Queen Maiy for the same Purpose 1094; certified William Robertson, Keeper of the Records in His Majesty's General Register House in Scotland: And also,

N° 8. Two Acts of the General Convention of Royal Burghs 9th and 10th July 1691; certified by John Dundas, Clerk of the Convention of Royal Burghs. in Scotland: And also,

N° 9. Extract Setts of the Burghs of Selkirk, Dumbarton, and New Galloway and Campbelton; certified by John Dundas, Clerk of the Convention of Royal Burghs in Scotland: And also,

N° 10. Extracts of Two Minutes of the Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Haddington 5 th January 1727 and 20th January 1733; certified by Hay Donaldson, Town Clerk of the said Royal Burgh of Haddington.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the several Petitions presented to this House in this Session of

Parliament

St. Georgevs Road Street, &c. Bill reported.

Counsel ordered on D° BdL

Bill for rendering more effectual Commercial Credit Act deferred.

Reportonim* proving the Approaches to both Houses of Parliament.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for regulating the Government and Trade of India.

33 Geo. III. 10° Junii. 873

Parliament from the Royal Burghs of Scotland, together with the several Accounts and Papers relating to the Internal Government of the said Royal Burghs, which were presented to this House in the last Parliament, are referred.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lord-William Russell, according to Order, reported

from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a new Street from Saint Georges , in the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, through Holland's Leagure, into and across The Green , and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish, and for discontinuing, as a Public Highway, Part of a Street called The Upper Ground Street, in the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That George William Cartwright, and the several other Owners and Inhabitants of Houses in Upper Ground Street, in ,the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, who petitioned this House upon the 13th Day of May last, praying to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, be permitted to be then heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for rendering more, effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty " to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited " Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner, therein " mentioned," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee, appointed to enquire into a Method of making the Approach to both Houses of Parliament more convenient, by removing the Building at the End of the Court of Exchequer which extends into the Street between New Palace Yard and Saint Margaret Street, or such Part of the said Building as shall be found necessary for the Purpose before-mentioned, and the Sheds and Buildings thereunto annexed; and also, to prepare a Plan of such Work, and an Estimate of the Expence thereof, and report the same, with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, under certain Limitations; for establishing further Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; Vol. 48.

for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues arid Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have coirimanded us to acquaint this Mr. Hast-House, That their Lordships will proceed further in ing»'* Trial, the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on the Second Tuesday in the next Session of Parliament, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for

His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to "V"*

t'»- .* r . ® , T r „ into the Loss

give Directions for enquiring into the Loss of sundry of 8UM(jry

Persons, who subscribed for Annuities on Lives under Persons who the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the subscribed Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- [°ergAnuul' jesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of les"

" Money, by Way of Annuities, to be attended with " the Benefit of Survivorship in Classes," but who omitted, on or before the 1 oth Day of October 1790, to deliver into the Exchequer Certificates of the Names of their Nominees, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, by which Omission the Sums paid by them became forfeited to the other Proprietors of Annuities established by the said Act; and that His Majesty will be pleased to give Directions for the reimbursing to such Persons the Money that shall appear to have been so forfeited, or such Part thereof, as His Majesty shall think proper to direct; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That there be laid before this House, a Return of the s^aUArms Number of Small Arms in Store at the Tower, on the at the Tower. 1st of January 1784; Neg.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for *e Yeas,} -

Tellers for the Noes,{^; ^Hmry Ho} J*

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committee itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, toamend Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King relative to William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further Publication " regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parlia- ^ime and* °* " ment, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings pj^ of " of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and Elections.

" returning such Members," so far as relates to the " Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election.

The House accordingly resolved itself into ttie said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, reported. That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Henry Hobart accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

10 N with

874

10" — 11° Junii.

A. 1793.

Committee on Faniham Hop Tythe Bill.

Keport on

Petition

referred.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for ascertaining the Composition to be paid for the Tythe of Hops planted in Fields in the Parish of Fa, in the County of Surrey;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Baker, John Manu'aring, Robert Allen, William

Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and alsoimpowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Janies Stci ens, Junior,' Chrus. Chitty, William Crump, Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord

Andrew Collyer, Thomas Buddie, Robert Trimmer, An- Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor drew Bristow, Daniel Bris tore, Senior, Bristow Brad- Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare ley, William Shotter, Caleb Barker, Daniel Walden, and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that Junior, Joseph Brown, Peter Edwards, Andrew Mer- Lord Archbishop of and the Lord High

riott, Stephen Cccsar, Thomas Knight, John Cullen, John Chancellor of Great , and the Lord Steward of

Hughes, John Marriner, Edward Bartholomew, Wil- His Majesty's Household, named also in the said Com-Kam Metre, Benjamin Nichols, Henry Martin, Ann mission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Allen, Henry Matthews, Alexander Gilbert, Elizabeth Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; Whittingham, Daniel Bristow, Junior, Thomas Piper,

John Walter, John Longhurst, William Frceharry, Samuel Wakelcy, John Page, George Alexander, William Taphouse, Charles Restall, George West, Thomas Cooper, ritories in India, together with their exclusive Trade, John Nowles, Elizabeth Mayo, Samuel Steoens, Mary under certain Limitations, for establishing further

viz.

An Act for continuing in tile East India Company, for a further Term, the Possession of the British Ter-

Mamcaring, James Edwards, John Baker, James Nash, William Knight, and Anthony Williams, Inhabitants of, and Hop Planters within, the Parish of Farnham, in the County of Surrey, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Hop Planters within the said Parish, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. Tellers for the Yeas, i

Mr. Dent, "1

Mr. Maurice Ro- > 23 binson: J

Mr. John Smyth,

Mr. Pole Carew:

,9*

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cawthorne took the Chair of the Committee. And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being' present; and it being then after Four of the Clock;

Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; for appropriating to certain Uses the Revenues and Profits of the said Company; and for making Provision for the good Order and Government of the Towns of CalcMadras, and Bombay:

An Act requiring and authorizing Charles Gilbert, Esquire, Treasurer of the Eastern Division, and the Reverend Francis Tutte, the legal Representative of Randolph Tutte, deceased, late Treasurer of the Western Division of the County of Sussex, to pay certain Sums of Money received by them, the said Treasurers, or either of them, on Account of the not raising the Militia of the said County, into the Public Stocks of the said Divisions, to be applied as therein is directed, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to vary and extend the Line of the Canal authorized to be made by an Act, passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the City of Hereford to the City " of Gloucester, with a Collateral Cut from the same " to the Town of Nerwent, in the County of Gloucester, and to amend the said Act:

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without

An Act for making effectual the Statute Labour, and for levying Conversion Money in lieu of Labour

_ __________________ _ in certain Cases, and for otherwise regulating, making,

a Question first put, tiif Tomorrow Morning, and repairing High Roads and Bridges in the County Ten of the Clock. of Caithness:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His

----- ----- ----- ----- -- — ' present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and

" widening the Road from the Forty-eighth Mite Stone,

" in the Parish of Cardington, in the present Turnpike " Road between Hitchin and Bedford, to Great ford Bridge, and for continuing a Road from thence " to the Great Northern Road, near Temford Bridge,

" in the County of Bedford:''

An Act for enabling Richard William Hmvard

Martin, 11° Junii;

Anno 33° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentle- Vyse, an Infant Trustee, to join in making an £x-man Usher of the Black Rod: change of Part of the Estate of the most Noble

r- Speaker, Charles Duke of Norfolk with Francis Ferrand Fo!-

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's jambe, Esquire:

An

Bill for further settling the Annuity od the Heirs of Lord Rodney passed.

Bill for rendering more effectual Commercial Credit Act passed.

875

An Act for dividing, inclosing, stinting, regulating, and otherwise improving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Brotkerton, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor and Liberty of Swindon, in the Parish of JVomborne, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds and Ings, or Meadow Grounds, within the Township of Knotting ley, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Common and Waste Lands, in the Parishes of Llan-serres, in the County of Denbigh, and Kilken, in the County of Flint: *

An Act for dividing allotting, and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Town and Lordship of Frodsham, and the Township of Helsby, in

the Parish of Frodsham, in the County of Chester:

An Act for naturalizing Bartholomew Valle.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) for further settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Heirs Male of the Body of the late Lord Rodney, to whom the Barony of Rodney shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Lord Rodney to His Majesty, and the Public, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resohed, Nemine Contradicente, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for further settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Heirs Male of the Body of the late Lord Rodney, to whom the Barony ef Rodney shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Lord Rodney to His Majesty, and the Public.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue " of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the " Purposes, and in the Manner, therein mentioned," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to authorize the Commissioners to take fresh Securities from the Debtors under the former Act, with their Consent.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, to rectify a Mistake with respect to the Day on which certain Exchequer Bills are made payable, according to the Intention of the former Act.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Buis, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, " and in the Manner, therein mentioned."

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 4S.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report on further Consideration the Report w'hich was made from St. George's the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a new ^>a^|treet' Street from Saint George's Road, in the Parish of - father eon* church, in the County of Surrey, through Holland's sidered. Leagure, into and across The Green Walk, and froth thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish, and for discontinuing, as a Public Highway, Part of a Street called The Upper Ground Street, in the said Parish, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed, that the several Owners and Inhabitants of Houses in Upper Ground Street, in the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, who petitioned this House upon the 13th Day of May last, praying to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill, declined being heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, Bill to amend passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King Act relative William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further ^Publication " regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parlia- Timeand8 ° " ment, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings place of " of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and Elections " returning such Members," so far as relates to the P*9sed; Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for 'the further regulating " Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and »

" for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs " and other Officers in the electing and returning such " Members," so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Report on further Consideration the Report from the Committee Scotch Dis-of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regula- 0011-tion of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of sidered. British-made. Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a Time to be limited, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to

several of them,

agreed

to by the House; and se-

veral Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then

ingrossed.

Mr.

Heaton's Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to Leases Bill whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, r^^ed'and An Act to enable Sarah , Widow, Mother and

p Guardian of John Heato, a Minor, to grant Building

Leases during his Minority, of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of , was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Dean and Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

Chapter of whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Mt^EHison's Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean Exchange and Chapter of Lincoln and' Richard Ellison, Es- Bill reported, quire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

Pr. 5. 1. 2. Leave out " Appointments" and insert " Apportionments."

Pr. 15.I.34. Leave out " Ten" and insert " Twenty."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House on Bill to to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, amend Gene- Upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Thir-Act.Ur0P teenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into " One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in " being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that " Part of Great Britain called England, and for other '* Purposes," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Call took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Call reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Sir John Call accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where ' the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, pur- Reports of suant to their Address to His Majesty, Commission.

Copies of the Reports of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament to enquire into intoF*es,&c. the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emolu- of certain ments, which are, or have been lately, received *re* in the several Public Offices in the said Act 8811 mentioned; viz.

First Report upon the Offices of His Majesty's Two Principal Secretaries of State, dated nth April 1786:

And also,

Second Report upon the Office of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, dated 20th June 1786: And also,

Third Report upon the Office of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated 27th December 1787:

And also,

Fourth Report upon the Office of the_ Treasurer of the Navy, dated 10th January 1788: And also,

Fifth Report upon the Office of the Commissioners of the Navy, dated 14th February 1788: And also,

Sixth Report upon the Dock Yards, dated 10th March 1788: And also,

Seventh Report upon the Office for the Care of sick and wounded Seamen, dated 20th March 1788: And also,

Eighth Report upon the Victualling Office, dated 17th April 1788: And also,

Ninth Report upon the Naval and Victualling Departments established at Foreign or distant Ports, dated 1st May 1788: And also,

Tenth Report upon the Post Office, dated 30th June 1788.

Together with a List of the said Reports.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Reports do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Reports are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, Returns of pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parlia- Qualifica-ment, ti""8

Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieute- tenanu'wd nants and Militia Officers, which have been trans- Militia Offi-mitted to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State cerspre-for the Home Department, since those presented to sented-the House of Commons on the 21st Day of May 1792.

Together with a List of the said Returns.

And the said List was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. The Lords Leeds: . hav* ««"ei

Mr. Speaker, 10

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Spanish Mad Act to enable the Postmaster General to send the Mail ®il1* to the Dominions of his. Catholic Majesty, on board of any Vessels authorized, by his Catholic Majesty, to carry the same; without any Amendment: And also,

The

11° Junii.

srr

Bill for The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. Ah

remedying Act for remedying Inconveniences attending certain enc«7n the Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, Court* in and for the County Palatine of , in the Court of

Wales, &c. Common Pleas for the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the Court of Pleas for the County Palatine of Durham, and in the County Courts in Wales; without any Amendment: And also, d^nuT* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An duors . Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; without any Amendment: And also,

Newfound- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ture Bi*nlCa~ ^or ^tablisbing Courts of Judicature in the Island of ' ‘ Newfoundland, and the Islands adjacent; without any Amendment: And also,

Lottery Bill. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery; without any Amendment: And also,

Bill to amend The Lords have agreed to the BH1, intituled, An

Com Regu- Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year lation Act. Gf tj,e Reign Gf j^is present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British " Corn exported ;" without any Amendment: And also,

Speeton In- . The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An closure Bill. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Speeton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also, .

Bill to con- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An for Use Act ^ct for further continuing, for a limited Time, an DotieTon8 Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign Post Horses, of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the " Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm " the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twentyfifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on " Horses let to Hire -for travelling Post, and by " Time,. to such Persons as should be willing to " contract for the same;" without any Amendment: And also,

Essex Roads The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill* Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Western

Part of the Parish of to Harwich and Rock-

ford, and from Chelmsford to Ballingdon Bridge, and from Margaretting to Malden, and from Colchester to Dedham Bridge, and from to the East End of the Town of Haver ill, and from High Garrett to Bul-mer Tie, and from Mark's to and from

Little Waltham to the End of the Parish of Great Hallingbury, and from Malden to Braintree, in the County of Essex; without, any Amendment: And also,

Southbnm The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Inclosure Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving, the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Southburn, in the Parish of in

the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

Bill to con- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An tinue certain Act to continue certain Duties of Excise on Foreign Foreign°n Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a limited

Spirits. Time, and also. for continuing certain Laws of Excise

therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

Bill toautho- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An rise Justices Act to authorize Justices of the Peace to impose Fines Fines^on* upon Constables, Overseers, and other Peace Officers, Constables for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of Apprentices &c. with for ill Usage of such their Apprentices, and also to Amend- VoL. 48.

meats.

Bill.

make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Magistrates.; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Windham reported from the Select Committee, Report from to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which f

was made from the Committee td whom the Petition of Mr. Madge's Thomas Mudge, Watch-maker, was referred, and who Petition, were directed to examine the Matter thereof, and also to make Enquiry into the Principles on which Mr.

Mudge's Time-keepers have been constructed, and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; That the Committee had considered the said Report, and made Enquiry accordingly, and had directed him to report the same, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; and he read {he Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followed); viJs.

Your Committee having met accordingly, were of Opinion, that the latter Object of their Enquiry would be best attained by calling in the Assistance of Persons, eminent either for Mathematical and Meehan nical Knowledge, or practical Skill in Arts connected with the Subject before them, who might be desired to receive confidentially from Mr. Mudge the Principles of his Machine, and report thereon their Opinion to the Committee. The Persons chosen on this Occasion, and who consented to undertake the Examination referred to them, were,

The Bishop of Saint David's, Mr. and Mr.

Atwood; Messrs. Ramsden and Troughlon, Mathematical Instrument makers; Messrs. Holmes, Haley, and Howells, Watch-makers.

Your Committee in the mean Time proceeded in the other Part of the Enquiry, and received Evidence of various Sorts, tending to shew what had been done by Machines made on the Construction in Question, what had been done by the Machines of other Artists, and what was the Inference to be derived from the Whole, as to the Merit or Demerit of the supposed Invention of Mr. Mudge.

It appears to your Committee, that Three Watches only have been made on the Construction that is now the Object of Enquiry, of which Watches, One was made in the Year 1774, and the other Two in the Year *777-

That of these Watches, the First has been at different Times in the Possession of . Doctor Maskelyne, Doctor Hornsby, his Excellency Count Bthe late Admiral Campbell, Doctor Zach, Astronomer to His Serene Highness the Prince of Saxe Gotha, and again of Count Bruhl, with whom it still remains.

That tile Second and Third, except at Times when they were returned to the Maker, were on Trial at the Royal Observatory till the Year 1790, when they were finally delivered to Mr. Dutton, Mr. s

late Partner, with whom they have remained ever since.

Of these Periods, the only Registers, which either by being published or otherwise, are stated by the Petitioner to be in his Possession, and adduced by him before the Committee, are the following:

For the First Watch,

A Register kept by Doctor Hornsby from 20th June 1776, to 31st October following, published by Count Bruhl:

A Register kept by Doctor Maskelyne from 12th November 1776, to 30th November 1777, and published by Count Bruhl;.

A Manuscript Continuation of the same for Three Months, in the Hands of Mr. Mudge, and supposed by him to be authentic:

10 O A Register

STS

11° Ju

A. 1793;

Report on A Register kept by the late Admiral Campbell, dur- Mr. Mudge's ing Two Seasons, m Newfoundland, including the Petition Voyages out and home, given by the Admiral to Count

Svf2L.*»«r,

Some other Registers kept by Count Bruhl, as will appear in Appendix, N° 10, including a short Register by Mr. Zach.

For the Second and Third, called Green and Blue;

A Register, kept by Doctor from June

1789 to June 1790:

A Register continued from December 1790, when the WRtches came into the Hands of Mr. Dutton, down to the present Time.

These are the only Materials said by the Petitioner to be in his Possession, and adduced by him in Proof of the going of his Watches.

There has been produced besides, with respect to the same Watches;

Results taken from a Trial made by Doctor Mas-

kelyne, of the First Watch, in the Year 1774:

Certain Results, taken from Two Trials made by Doctor Maskelyne, of the Watches Green and Blue, in

the Years 1779 and 1780, and in 1783 and 1784.

In Proof of what has been done by other Watches, the principal Materials are,

A Register, published by Count Bruhl, of the going of a Watch made for him by Mr. Emery:

A Register, kept by Doctor Maskelyne, for 15 Months, in the Years 1779 and 1780, of a Watch, N* 36, made by Mr. Arnold:

A Register of Four Years and Four Months, published by Mr. Everard of Lynn, in Norfolk, of a Watch made likewise by Mr. Arnold:

The Result of a Number of Trials, made with various Watches of the same Maker, at the Royal Observatory, as set forth in Appendix, N° 8:

The Result of Two Watches of the same Maker, in a Voyage to the East Indies, and back, by Mr. Lindley.

Preparatory to any Statement derived from thence, either in favour of, or against the Merit of the Invention in Question, your Committee wish to state to the House a few general Remarks, by which the Nature and Value of such Statements may be better understood and appreciated.

It appeared early to your Committee, that the Methods commonly pursued for comparing Machines constructed for keeping Time, were not very exact, even for ascertaining the comparative Accuracy of their going in any past Trial, and still less for the Purpose of judging, with Precision, of the Excellence of the several Constructions, so as to say how much of their Irregularity was chargeable to accidental Causes, and how much inherent in the Machine itself. If such, at the Outset, was the Opinion of your Committee, the same was greatly confirmed in the Progress of their Enquiry.

The common Mode in Cases of this Sort is, from a Trial during a certain Period, to take a Rate, and then, in a future Period or Periods, to try the Watch by its Conformity to that Rate.

On each of these Operations, the Conception of which it is very necessary to keep distinct, your Committee observe great Difference of Opinion; proceeding, as they conceive, from considerable Difficulty in the Operations, which it seems impossible to reduce to any certain Rule, or not to leave as Matters in great measure discretionary and experimental.

The Question of finding a Rate is, in the Opinion of your Committee, the finding, from any Number of Trials (what is called a Period of Trial, being in Fact a Succession of several Trials) that Rate from which the Deviation of the Watch, during any future

Period, is likely to be least Previous to which Enquiry, it is necessary to determine what shall be the Measure of the Deviation of the Watch during any Number of Trials, from such Rate as shall be assigned to it

With respect to this last Question it is apparent that neither the Sum of the daily Errors, considering Excess and Defect as Quantities of the same Kind; nor the Sum of the greatest Excess and greatest Defect on any Two Days; nor the Result of the Whole, considering Excess and Defect as destroying each other, will fonn any Thing like an adequate Criterion. It may be said indeed, that the Sum of the Errors made each Day, and called in Doctor s Register,

" Errors of the Watch," will be a Measure of the whole Quantity of Error for which the Watch will have been chargeable during the Course of the Trial; but though this Method may be as accurate as any single One that can be chosen for that Purpose, yet it is altogether defective as a Measure of the Irregularity of the Watch, for the Purpose of estimating the Reliance to be placed upon it in any future Trial.

In like Manner, no general Rule is laid down, nor seems capable of being found, for assigning, from any Number of Trials, that Rate which the Watch shall be most likely to observe in any Trial in future.

The common Way, of dividing the Whole that the Watch has done during a given Period, by the Number of Days, and applying the Quotient as a daily Rate to be used in any Period succeeding, is certainly not a Method that can pretend to any extraordinary Exactness.

It seems indeed not to be well agreed what is the Object and Purpose which the taking a Rate is intended to answer. One of the Witnesses has said, that " the Meaning and Use of taking a Rate, is to find " whether the Watch goes vegularly or not." But your Committee are of Opinion, that the Witness, in giving this Answer, did not distinguish between the Application of a Rate for the Purpose of finding the Deviation of the Watch from itself (which Purpose may equally be effected by one Rate as by another) and the final Choice of a Rate from which if the Watch deviates, its Deviation shall be imputed to it as Error; such a Rate can only be that which, after competent Trial, may be concluded to be a Rate from which the Watch is least likely to deviate in future.

Accordingly your Committee have found that, among Persons likely to be best informed upon such Subjects, great Diversity of Opinion prevails, and that even the same Persons fluctuate at Times between Opinions widely different from each other.

An Example may be seen, P. 49 of the Minutes*, See thi* where One of the Witnesses, who had stated his Opinion, Journal, that a Rate taken from any Month, was as likely to be *8&

true in a Period of Six Months commencing at several Months Distance, as in the Period immediately succeeding the Month from which the Rate was taken; declares afterwards, that for a Period of Six Months, commencing from the present Time, he should always take a Rate from the Month last past.

From this apparent Diversity of Opinion in Persons so well instructed, your Committee can only infer considerable Uncertainty in the Subject itself; of which indeed no better Proof need be given than what occare in Pages and 45 of the Minutes \, where in the same f See this Trial, by a Rate applied in Doctor Maskelyne'& Method, Journal, the Watch Green has the Advantage, while by a Rate taken from the Month preceding, which Doctor Hutton declares to be a very proper Method, the Advantage is found to lie on the Side of the Watch Blue.

It is apparent, therefore, that between Watches nearly equal, no Reliance can be placed on a Judgment formed by any single Comparison, even with respect to their Merit in any past Trial: Much more uncertain must the Judgment be, where the Question is, not as

9 to

879

to their actual Performance, but u to the Merit of the Principles oo which they may be supposed to be constructed.

Your Committee therefore think k safer, under this Head, to lay before the House the Results of the Comparisons, such as they have been submitted to them, rather than to offer on the Whole any general Judgment of their own.

Evidence against the going of Mr. Mudge's Watches.

The principal Facts in the Evidence against the going of Mr. Mudges Watches are as follows:

Of Watches Green and Blue;

The mean Errors, during their late Trial at the Royal Observatory, estimated on Six Periods of Six Months each, according to Dr. Maskelyne's Method *, were , „

In Green - - - 4.50.

In Blue - - - 5- , „

The Error in one Period being - 7.4.

The mean Error of the same Two Watches during the same Trial, and on the same Periods, by a Rate taken from the Month preceding each Period, were,

In Green - - - 4. 30.

In Blue - - - 3.31.

In One Period the Error in One of , „ the Watches was ----- 9. 28.

The Errors of the same Two Watches, estimated by Doctor Maskelyne's Method, during Two former Trials at the Royal Observatory, were,

In Trial Firet, which lasted for 15 Months, from 20th April 1779, to 17th Ju 1780: Mean of Eight Periods of Six Months,

_ / //

In Green - - - 10. 1. t tt

Greatest Error - - id. 25.

Least D" - - - - 7.37.

In Blue - - - 22. 30.; „

Greatest Error - - 36.26.

Least D* - - - - 5.53.

In Trial Second, which lasted likewise for 15 Months, viz. from 21st July 1783, to 12th September

1784:

Mean Error, on Seven Periods of Six Months

<*ch „

In Green - - - 3. 8. / „

Greatest Error - - - 7. d.

Least D° - - - - 1. 25.

In Blue - - - 7. 26. , „

Greatest Error - - 11.4.

Least D* - - - - 5.43.

Of the Three Watches:

The Errors estimated by a Comparison of the Rates, at the Beginning and End of any of the Trials, were,

In First Watch,

Rate, at the End of Three Months Trial in „ 1774 and 1775, faster than at the Beginning - 4.

Rate, at the End of 15 Months Trial in 1776 „ and 1778, faster than at the Beginning - - 8, 5.

In the Two last Watches,

Rate, at the End of 15 Months Trial in 1779 and 1780, faster than at the Beginning; „

In Green - - - 11.

In Blue - - - 18.

In Trial for same Period in 1783 and 1784:

Rate faster at the End; „

In Green, near - - - - 3.

In Blue - - - 4J.

Rate, at End of Trial in 1789 and 1790„ Green, slower - - - - 2.

Blue D* - - - - 2,5.

Report on Mr. Mudge'e Petition respecting his W4tchrst

The Errors, estimated by the greatest Difference of the daily Rates in any Two Parts of the Trial, were,

In Trial of 15 Months in 1783 and 1784; „

In Green - - - 9,5.

In Blue - - D*

In Trial of a Year in 1789 and 1790;

In Green - - - 9.

In Blue - - 1 - - 5.

Other Particulars, directed to the same Conclusion, but less important in themselves, or less obvious in their Application, may be seen in the Evidence of Messrs. Hutton, Maskelyne, Lindley, and Wales.

In Addition to this Evidence, tending to shew the Irregularity of Mr. Mudge's Watches, other Evidence was produced, to prove what had been the Excellence of Time-keepers made by other Artists.

The First of these was a Watch made by Mr. Emery for Count Bruhl, f the mean Error of which', on 17 Periods of Six Months each (the first 8 Periods commencing in 1783, and the last 9 Periods commencing in 1788) according to Doctor Method, calculated on a Register kept by tt Count Bruhl, was - - - - 2.58.

Of the 17 Periods, only Three exceeded - 4.

The next was a Watch, N° 36, made by Mr. Arnold, and tried at the Royal Observatory during 15 Months.

The Facts stated in Proof of the Excellence of this Watch were, that its greatest Variation in its daily Rate, in any Two Parts of its,

Trial, was, - - - 7

That its greatest Error on Eleven Periods

of Six Months, by Doctor s # „

Method, was - - - 2,31. „

and the Mean of its Errors - - - - 54.

Another Instance was a Watch, Nc68, by the same Artist, of the going of which, during Years and Months* a Register had been published by Mr. Ever-ard of Lynn, in Norfolk.

On 40 Periods of Six Months taken on this Trial, and compared with a Rate from the First Month, according to Doctor Maskelyne's Method, the / „

Mean Error was only - - - - 2.33.

and on 8 Periods, only exceeded - - - 4.

The greatest Variation in its daily Rate, - in any „ two Parts of its Trial, was only - - - 5.

Of a Pocket and Box Watch, made by the same Artist, and of which an Account is given by Mr. Gilpin;

The Box Watch in 5 Periods taken as above

bad,

In 4 the Error under - - - 4.

In 1 only, above it

the Mean - - - 4.41.

The Pocket Watch out of 5 Periods had, /

In 3 the Error under - - - 4.

In 2 only, above it. , „

the Mean - - - 3.16.

Two Watches belonging to Mr. and taken by him to the East Indies and back, had in various Instances shewn the Longitude with singular Exactness,

By Doctor MaikelynS* Method, is to be understood, the taking a* Rate from the First Month, and applying it to as many successive Periods of Six Months as the Time will afford, each Period commencing a Month later than the preceding. The Trial in the above Instance was for a Year.

f Of this Watch it may be necessary to observe, that it appeared to the Committee, that One of its principal Parts, viz. the Escapement, was made according to an Invention of Mr, Mudge"s, communicated for the Purpose by Count Bruhl.

Vol. 48. and

11° Junii. A. 1793.

Report on and given other Proofs of Excellence, as set forth by All-. Mudge's him in Appendix, N* 9.

respecting Of 26 Watches of Mr. Arnold's, tried at different his Watches. Time9 at the Royal Observatory, the Mean had been:

For the Particulars of which it will be necessary to consult Appendix, N® 8.

Many other Instances were mentioned to your Committee of Watches of Mr. that had gone

with great Excellence; and many more, they have no Doubt, might be produced.

Of the Two last Watches, Green and Blue:

On Trial of 12 Months under Doctor Maskelyne, (viz. from June 1789 to June 1796);

In Green, mean Rate was - - +0, 876.

In Blue - — o, 724.

In 1st Year, under Mr. Dutton, (viz. from December 1790 to December 1791); tt

Iu Green, mean Rate was - - -J-i, 56.

In 2d Year, under Ditto - - +0,655.

Evidence in In Support of the good going of Mr. s

»«volii °H > Watches, the Particulars alledged were as follows: Watches.8* The mean Rates of each of the Watches, on all the Periods of which the Petitioner posseses an Account:

Of 1st Watch.

In Trial, of Four Months under Doctor Hornsby (viz. from June 20th to October 1st, 1776);

Mean Rate - - *>231.

In 1st Year, under Mr. Du from December 1790 to December 1791) j „

In Blue, mean Rate - - - +2,28.

In 2d Year, under Ditto - - +1,29.

An Account, on each of the Trials, whether of longer or shorter Duration, of the greatest Difference of the Watch from itself on any Two Days, and of the greatest Difference on any Two succeeding Days.

Trial for 12 Months under Doctor (viz.

from 12th Nov. 1776, to 30th 1777);

Mean Rate - +2,771.

Trial of 13 Months, or thereabouts, under Count Bruhl (from iSth April 1780, to 7th May 1781); Mean Rate - - — 2,396.

Trial for 175 Days by Admiral Campbell, during his First Voyage (viz. from the Time he received the Watchfrom Count Bruhl until he returned it); Mean Rate - -{-0,51.

1st. Watch.' In Trial by Doctor Hornsby for Four Months; „

GreatestDifference - - 4,35.

Greatest Difference from Day to Day - - - 3, a.

In Trial by Doctor from 12th

Nov. 1776, to 30th Nov. 1777; „

Greatest Difference - - 7,2.

Greatest Difference from Day to Day - - - 3,06.

Trial for 138 Days by Admiral Campbell, during his

Second Voyage, being the Period only of his Stay in the Island of Newfoundland;

Mean Rate - - - — 0,636.

Trial for near 6 Months by Count "Bruhl (from 5th December 1785 lo 29th May 1786);

Mean Rate - — 0,639

Trial for upwards.of 3. Months by Mr. Zach (from 29th June 17 86. to 9th October following);

Mean Rate - - -j-0,141.

Trial for upwards of 6 Months by Count Bruhl (from 20th May 1789 to 5th December following);

Mean Rate - - - -{-0,28.

Trial for near 20 Months by D# (from 2d February 1791 to 30th September 1792);

Mean Rate - — 1,608.

Trial for upwards of 2 Months by D° (from 30th September 1792 to 8th December following);

Mean Rate - - - — 1,760.

In Trial by Count Bruhl for a Year, from the' 18th April 1780, to 7th May

1781; „

Greatest Difference - - 4>io*

Greatest Difference from Day to Day - - -2,4.

In Trial by Ditto, for Six Months ' nearly (from the-5th Dec. 1785, to the 29th May' 1786, preceding the Watch being carried to Gotha); „

Greatest Difference - - 2,85.

Greatest Difference from Day to Day - - - 1,875.

In Trial by Ditto, for Six Months (from 20th May^ 1789, to the 5th following,

immediately succeeding the Return of the Watch from Gotha); „

Greatest Difference - - 4,28.

Greatest Difference from Day to Day - 2,5.

Trial for 5 Months by D* (from 21st December 1792 to 21st May 1793);

Mean Rate - - - +1,427.

Though in the Interval between the first and last

O *

Periods, the Watch had more than Once been taken to Pieces, and cleaned, yet as there was no particular View at these Times to make the new Adjustment agree with the former one, the Similarity of the Rates must be considered, though in a less Degree, as affording a Presumption favourable to the Watch.

The Trials beginning with 5th December 1785, and that ending 5th December 1789, fall within a Period within which nothing had been done to the Watch.

In Trial by I)itto, for Six Months (from 20th May 1789, to the 5th Dec. following, immediately succeeding the Return of the Watch from Gotha); H

Greatest Difference - - 4,28.

Greatest Difference from Day to Day - - - 2,58.

_ In Trial by Ditto, for Twenty Months nearly (from the 2d February 1791, to 30th Sept. 1792);

Greatest Difference - - 4,49.

Greatest Difference from Day to Day - - . - 2,5.

c

Count Bruhl, not having kept an Account of the State of the Watch, when be gave it into the Hands of Admiral and

when he again received it from him, in this Voyage, as he had done in the former, a mean daily Rate can only be obtained during the 138 Days the Watch was tried by the Admiral in Newfoundland. 6

If)

Appendix, N» io.

881

In Trial by Ditto, for Two Months (from the 30th Sept, to Dec. 8th 1792);

/A-

Greatest Difference - 1,00.

In Trial by Ditto, for Five Months (from the 21st Dec. 1792, to 21st

1793); . //

Greatest Difference - 2,33.

Greatest Difference from Day to Day 2, 33.

In Trial by Mr. Zach, for Three Months

(from the 29th June 1786, to the 9th of October following; „

Greatest Difference - o, 9.

Greatest Difference from Day to Day o, 75.

Two last Watches, in Trial by Doctor Maskelyne 12 Months; „

Green - - - Greatest Difference - 9.

Greatest Difference from Day to Day 2,10.

Blue - Greatest Difference - 5.

Greatest Difference from Day „ to Day - 1)65*

In Trial by Mr. Dutton for upwards of Two Years (from the 16th Dec. 1790, to the 15th March, 1793); „

Green - - Greatest Difference - 7, 75.

Greatest Difference from Day „

to Day - - - 2.5.

Blue - - - Greatest Difference - 4,5.

Greatest Difference from Day „ to Day - - - 1,5.

An Account of the Errors of the First Watch in 9 Periods of 6 Months, according to a Register of near 20 Months kept by Count Bru from the 2d February 1791, to the 30th Sept. 1792, by Method of Rate taken from Month immediately preceding each Period of Trial; by which it appears that the

Greatest Error was - 3.14,6.

Mean - - - 1.42,8.

And that on 7 of the Periods, t the Error was less than 2.

An Account of the Error of the Two other Watches, taken in the same Way (viz.) by Application of a ' Rate from Month preceding each Period on the 18 Periods, afforded by a Register of Two Years, kept by Mr. Dutton; according to which the / /t 'Green - - - Greatest Error was - 6/28,92.

Mean - - - 2. 27,77.

And in 9 of the Periods, the Error t is less than - - - 2.

Blue - - - Greatest Error -

Mean -

And in 12 of the Periods, the Error is less than -

3- 38, 58.

" -

1. 40,76.

r

2.

A Comparison has been made by Mr. Mudge of the Report on going of his Father's Two Watches, according to potion*®* Doctor Maskelyne'sRegister, with Mr. Arnold's, N° 36, respecting

according to the same, by exhibiting a Statement of his Watches, its Deviations from Day to Day, classed according to the Limits of such Deviations; by which it appears that taking the Number and Quantity of each Class, the Amount of such Deviations has been less in his Watches than in that of Mr. Arnolds; the Particulars will be seen by Reference to Appendix, N° 12.

It is to be observed, that in this and all other Instances, where a Choice was to be made, the Register used has been that of Doctor Maskelyne, as being for this Purpose the best Authority, though the Results of Mr. Dutton's Register would, in almost every Instance, be the most advantageous to the Watches.

Much Discussion took place before your Committee relative to the going of a Watch of Mr. Mudge in its Voyages to Nezty'oundland in the Years 1784 and 1785, and the going of a Watch of Mr. Arnold's in the like Voyage in the Year 1790, both reported by Mr.

Graham. On the Result of that Discussion it appears, that applying to both, the Rate with which they were severally received in London, the Superiority lay greatly on the Side of Mr. Mudge, which gave the Longitude of St. John's in One of the Voyages, within Three Miles, and in the other within Three-Miles and an Half, whereas the Error of Mr. Arnold's amounted to more than Thirty Miles f.

A Comparison has likewise been made of the going of Mr. Mudge's Watches in the Hands of Doctor Maskelyne, with the Mean of the 26 Watches of Mr.

Arnold's, given in by the Astronomer Royal, by taking, in regular Succession, Periods equal to the Time of Trial of each of those Watches from Doctor Maskelyne's Register, as far as that would serve, and in Default of that from Mr. Dutton's. The Particulars of this Comparison are set forth at Length in a Paper, N* 11 of the Appendix; and will shew, that according to the Mean of 26 on one Side, and of Mr.

Mudge's on the other, the Result is greatly in Favour of Mr: Mudge.

A Statement may here not be improper, shewing the Comparison of those Watches whose. Merits are most opposed to each other, according to the principal Evidence adduced in Support of each.

Mr. Arnolds, N* 36, on 11 Periods of Six Months, drawn

from a Register of Doctor Mae-

kelp ties and according to the Doctor's Method;

Mean - - 54.

Mr. Arnolds N° 68, on 46 Periods, from a Register of Mr.

Everards and according to Doctor Maskelyne's Method;

/ it

Mean - - 2. 33.

Mr. Emery9s Watch, on 17 Periods, from a Register of Count BruhTs, and according to Doctor Maskelyness Method;

S ft

Mean - - 2. 58.

Mr. Madge's Watches Green and Blue, on 18 Periods, from a Register of Mr. Dutton's, and according to the Method of a Rate from a Month preceding;

Gree'n, - Mean - 2. 27.

Blue - - Mean - 1.40.

Mr. Mudge9* First Watch, on 9 Periods, from Register likewise of Count Bruklj and according to the Method of a Rate from a Month preceding; ,

Mean - - 1.42.

# As the Watch was not observed on any Two succeeding Days during this Trial, the greatest Difference frona Day to Day cannot be ascertained.

f Note. — The Length, it is to be observed, of what are called the Voyages, were,

In Mr. Madge's 1st Voyage! 37. Appendix; N*6.

2d - D* J 31.

Mr. Arnold!s D° — 59.

Vol. 48. 10 P On

1 \° JuniL

A. 1793.

steport on

Mr. Mudge's Petition respecting his Watches.

On a view of the whole Evidence, were your Committee called upon to declare which of the several Watches had gone best, they should be inclined to say that both Mr. Arnolds, N° 36 and N# 68, had gone with a Degree of Accuracy greater than could be shewn on any corresponding Trial of Mr. Madge's, more especially if in giving this Judgment they were to include a Circumstance, not admitted generally by those who deny the Merit of Mr. Madge's Watches; viz. that a Rate applied in Doctor Me-

thod is less likely to be true, or in other Words less favourable to the Watch, than a Rate taken from the Period preceding that to which it is applied; but wCre your Committee required further to state the Presumption thence arising, as to the Merit of their several Constructions, with a view to the Reliance to be placed on others of the same Sort, or to the Ad-vahtages to be derived from thence in the general Improvement of Time-keepers, they should confess their Inability to offer any Opinion that could be at all deserving of Attention. They are of Opinion, that though the Merit of the Construction of Timekeepers can be finally decided only by Experience, yet that nothing could be more fallacious than the Judgment to be formed in that Respect from Experience so limited and imperfect as that which must make the Basis of their Judgment in the present Instance.

They entertain this Persuasion, not only from general Consideration of the Nature of the Subject, but from Facts appearing on the Face of the Evidence now sabmftteu to them. It is said by some of the Witnesses, that Watches made on the same Construction, end with the same Care, can hardly fail to go with nearly the same Exactness. If this be so, they are at a Loss to account why the Maker of such a Watch as Mr. Arnolds N° 36 or 68, should not have possessed himself long since of the Whole of tire Reward assigned under thre Act of Longitude, -especially as 13 Years have elapsed since tire YYiai Of N° 36 wa3 completed.

They are equally at a loss to account for thwt Provision in the Act of Longitude which requires that, before the Reward can be Obtained, Two Machines, conforming each to the Conditions of the Act, shall be made on the same Constructions; a Provision that must be wholly superfluous, could it be inferred with Certainty that what was done with one Machine might, by employing equal Care, be repeated always in another. The Fact they conceive to be, that Watches -formed on the best Principles will, either for Want of Care'or "Skill in the making, from Defects in some of thfe Parts, from Failure in the Adjustment, or finally from some of those mumerouste and fortuitous Causes which disturb the going of Time-keepers, and of whose Existence and Operation no Account can be given, nor any Estimate be formed, be found occasionally to go very ill; while others, made oh very defective Principles, will, from accidental Success in the Workmanship, or accidental Exemption from 'Some of the Causes of Error above -enumerated, be found -at Times to go with great Exactness. Mere Trial therefore, Urfless carried 4o great Extern, and multiplied through Variety of Instances, will Id! but little as to the Merit of the Principle on which a Watch is 'constructed. At all Events, where an Inference is to be drawn as to the probable going of a Time-keeper, from Experience of others of the same Sort, Consideration must be had of those of that Sort which -have -gone ill, as well as of those which have gone well; nor can your Committee be of Opinion, with one of the Gentlemen examined on this Occasion, that in comparing the Watches of Mr. and Mr. Arnold, and reasoning from thence to their respective Constructions, little Stress was to be laid on the Circumstance of Mr. Madge's Watches being

12

the only ThrCe which he had ever made, While those of Mr. Arnold were Two or Three selected out of near a

Thousand.

It may be observed of Mr. s Watches, that they afford one Ground of judging beyond that of any of the others, from the Length of Time during which their going is known. The First Watch is known from a Period so distant as the Middle of the Year 1776, and for the greater Part of the intervening Time. Of the Two remaining Watches, the earliest Register possessed by the Petitioner is in the Year 1779; but both of the Watches have been made since the Year 1777, and the going of all is not at this Moment less perfect, as appears by the Registers of Count Bruhl and Mr. Dutton^ than at any Time since they were first made.

From this Fact, joined to the Remark of the late Admiral Campbell, that the Watch which he had, seemed to possess the Property of changing its Rate less, after being stopped or let down, than any other he had known, your Committee cannot help thinking, as far as an Opinion may be hazarded on a Matter of so much Uncertainty, that there appears in these Watches, whether compared with each other, or with themselves at different times, such an Equality of going as would lead to a favourable Judgment, on the Truth and Permanency of the Principles of thrfr Construction. They are far however, from relying with Confidence on this Observation, or on any other of the Kind, or from asserting more of the Watches in Question than that they are Machines of great and indubitable Excellence. Of this they conceive abundant Confession is made, when of so many Timekeepers as have been produced of late Years, so few are brought whose going is said to be superior. The best Foundation for deciding the Question, which makes the proper Object for the consideration of the Committee, viz.What is the originality and Value of the Improvement alledged to be made by Mr. Mudge in the Construction of Time-keepers ? must, they apprehend, he sought for in the Report of the Gentlemen who have examined the Machines in Question, and know what the Nature of the Contrivance is. Whatever Doubt may be thought to attend even this Mode of judging (and its Uncertainty will vary through nearly all Degrees, according to the Nature of the Circumstances) it is, they conceive, far preferable to a Judgment from Experience, where the Experience is of no greater Extent than that furnished by the present Instance. It is» urged in Proof of the Demerit of these Machines, that they were very ill adjusted against the Effects of Heat and Cold. If such is the Fact, the Inference must be, that with abetter Adjustment, their going would have been still more exact. It is said that the Application of the Part used for Adjustment, and the Form of One of the Springs, is less advantageous than in other Watches; if that be se^ these Watches, by the Use of those Methods, will become capable of still greater Excellence. No Proof has been glveh to your Committee, nor have they any Reason to believe, that the Contrivance which contains the supposed Invention, is of a Nature to be incompatible with either of the Improvements above-mentioned. Were the Watches therefore already made ever so defective In their going, there is no reason for concluding (nor. cttn It be known but by those acquainted with their Construction) that with the Addition of Methods now geneially understood and practised, they may not give Birth to Machines far superior to any at this Time in Use; should it be thought necessary by the House, this Question might be put to the Gentlemen who acted rs a Sub-Committee. As far as your Committee believe and are informed, there is nothing in the present Contrivance that is not perfectly consistent with the Me-tltods above referred to The Merit and Value of this Contrivance, as far as the same can be stated on Theoretical

883

retical Principles, is fully spoken to by the Sub-Committee; whose Report is as follows:

"We whose Names are underwritten, to whom ii " hath been referred, by a Select Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, to receive confideotially from Mr- Mudge, a CcwPAHWW*°n of " the Principles of hi* Tim^eep^rs, and, to report thereon; being assembled at the House of his E^- cellency Count Bruhl, in Dover Street, on Tuesday the 14th Instant, did cause a Time-keeper^ which was produced tQ us as One of the Two made by " Mr. Mudge, and submitted to Trial at the Royal " Observatory at Greenwich, for Twelve Months, from June 1789 to June 1790, to be taken to Pieces in our Presence by Mr. Matthew Dutton; and, having " carefully examined the Parts of the same, we find a " Contrivance in it for destroying the Inequalities of the " maintaining Power derived from the Main Spring, " which as far as we jcnpw and are informed is alto- gether new; and having considered the same, and put many Questions concerning it to Mr. Jlfudge, Junior. 44 and Mr. Matthew Dutton, we are of Opinion, that the said Contrivance is well calculated for produc- ing the desired Effect, and that a Disclosure of it may conduce to considerable Improvements in the Art of making Time-keepers: We moreover declare, that we find great Skill and Ability displayed ip every Part of the Workmanship, as well as much Ingenuity in this particular Invention. At the same Time it as our Opinion, and we think it pur Pujty to declare it so to be, that no Judgment can be formed of Ab 44 Exactness of any Time-keeper by Theoretical ree^on- ing upon the Principles of its Construction, with such 144 Certainty ae wish 6a£ety to be relied Ag^n, e&qept it be co*dinDed by Expenmens fif the actual Pqrfow anoeuf the Machine."

44 Samued St. David's,

'* 1 Atmood,

44 Jesse Edw.

44 John Holmes,

44 fhtf Haley,

44 Will* Howells,

44 /. A. fie Luc.'*

44 Doottr Street,

144 the 2otli of May *793"

In virtue of this Report, and of such other Evidence as the Enquirythas furnished, your Committee have no Difficulty in declaring, that they consider the Improvement in Question sufficiently ascertained, and as likely to conduce to Advantages sufficiently important to at-traet the Notice of ‘Parliament. As a further-Ground of such Notice, it may be right to state to the House certain Circumstances relating to the Inventor, as well as the.Merit of the Invention itself. It is admitted on all 'Hands, that Mr. Mudge was One of the First Watch-makers which this Country has produced. 'It is- hardly1 less admitted, by all who have had an Opportunity of enquiring into the Fact, that at the End of this . Period, Mr. Mudge is closing his Life with a very scanty "Pittance, while many of the Profession, with no Pretence to Genius, nor any extraordinary Industry, by the mere Application of their Talents in the Way of Report on Trade, regardless of any Improvement in their Art, Mr* Madge'* have amassed splendid and independent Fortunes. Mr. J>ee^l"n Mudge, acting on other Principles, and withdrawing WatehS. from Business while his Powers were yet entire, devoted Twenty Years of a Life, which his former Inventions, freely communicated to the T^de, forbid to be considered as of no Value, to the laudable Hope of benefiting the World, and Ip the same of himself and

his Country, by Improvements made in the higher Branches of his Pxofpssipn. It would be much to be lamented if Endeavours like these, though only tolerably successful, should he left wholly without Reward.

There is in this Instance good. Reason to hope, that they may have hpen successful to the full Extent of the most sanguine Wishes. But other Considerations, approaching nearer to a Pfpq ef Right, may contribute to mark out Mr. Mudge as a proper Object of the Public Bounty. Three Years after Mr. Mudge had quitted Business, with a View to become a Candidate for the Reward under the Act of Longitude, and when he had actually completed his First Time-keeper, the Legislature thought it necessary to pass a new Act, wholly changing the Terms of Trial, and increasing, in a great Proportion, the Difficulty through which Ae Reward was to be obtained. It is not contended, that every Hardship suffered under Ae Operation of public Acts, can confer on the Sufferer a Claim to Comr pensafion: but your Committee conceive, that where such an instance happens to be distinctly made out, it will strongly recommend the Party to Ae Consideration of the Legislature, and insure a liberal and indulgent Reception of any oAer Plea which he may have to their Favour. It is a Fact, Aat in Ais Instance,

Ae Terms of the Act subsisting when Mr. Mudge engaged in this Undertaking, and applied by the Mode of Trial adopted by Ae Astronomer Royal in the Case of Mr. Harrison, would have been fulfilled, so far as Ae Trial went, by Mr. Mudges Watches; and, if the Performance of these Watches, in Ae further Trials required by that Act, may be judged of by Trials nearly similar, in Voyages to Newfoundland, Aere is nothing to prevent the Belief that he would finally have been in a Situation to claim, as a Matter of Right, Ae whole of the Reward granted by that Act, being double the Reward granted by the Act at this Time subsisting. The present Act does indeed impose Conditions so difficult, and so impossible to be surmounted, if enforced to the full Extent of which they are capable, Aat it is to be feared that.few Artists will engage in an Undertaking so discouraging and precarious, or quit Ae certain Gains of their Profession, for the Hope of Rewards, which must at last depend for their Attainment on the Discretion of those by whom Aey are to be dispensed.

For Aese. Considerations, joined to those above set forth, your Committee think Aemselves authorized to recommend the Petitioner to Ae Attention of Ae House; conceiving that Ae Circumstances attending his Case, give him a strong Plea to Favour; and, that the Invention of which he is the AuAor, contains an important Improvement in Ae Art of constructing Timekeepers, such as the House might well wish to secure to the Public, as.well as to Reward Ae Person by whom it was produced.

V0 l. 48.

APPENDIX,

Appendix, 5.

Appendix, 3.

884 11

A P P

Appendix, N* 1.

(First Day.)

Jervis, 9° die Mali 1793.

MINUTES of COMMITTEE on Report Mr. Madge's Petition.

Sir Gilbert Elliot in the Chair.

Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Windham,

Sir George Shuckburgh,

Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Bragge.

Resolved, That the Bishop of St. David's, Mr. De Luc, Mr. Alzvood, Mr. Ramsden, Mr. Troughton, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Haley, and Mr. Howells, be desired to receive confidentially from Mr. Mudge the Communication of the Principles on which his Time-keepers have been constructed; to consider the same, and to report their Opinion thereof to this Committee.

Adjourned till Monday.

(Second Day.)

Luna, 13* die Mali 1793.

Committee on Report of Mr. Mudge s Petition met.

Sir Gilbert Elliot in the Chair.

Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Windham,

Mr. Ryder,

Mr. Bragge, and

Sir George Shuckburgh.

Mr. Aaron Graham,

Delivers in a Paper, intituled, " A Register of " the going of Mr. kludge's Time-keeper, at St. " Johns, Newfoundland, in the Years 1784 and

" 1785:"

To shew what its greatest Difference from itself was during that Time, what its mean daily Rate dur-.ing that Time, and what its greatest Difference from itself from Day to Day.

Also a Paper, intituled, " Calculations of the going of Mr. Mudge's Time-keeper, in several Periods of Six Weeks, taken from Admiral Campbell's " Register, in the Years 1784 and 1785

To shew within what Limits the Watch kept Time during Periods of Six Weeks, taken successively by dropping a Week, without any Rate being applied.

The Witness has heard Admiral Campbell say, that of all the Watches he ever had in his Possession to make Trial of, he had observed this to have a Quality which he had never found in any other, namely, that if by Accident it went down, on its being again set in Motion, it changed its Rate less than any of the others.

What others ?

lie had many in his Possession. — One of Mr. Kendall's, which I remember going down, and its altering its Rate very much.

What other Watches, after their going down, lost more of their Rate than Mudges ?

I don't know of my own Knowledge any others than - Mr.f Kendall's. — After Admiral Campbell took

Junii. A. 1793.

n d 1 x.

Mr. Mudge's Watch to Newfoundland, he made this

Declaration; he alluded to Watches in general that he had possessed.

Have you made Computations of the going of Mr. Mudges Watch Green, at the Royal Observatory,

in several Periods of Six Months, by taking the Rates of going from the Month immediately preceding each Period ?

No other than those which I sent to Sir George Shuckburgh in a Letter.

Withdrew,

Mr. Thomas Mudge,

Delivers in a Paper, intituled, " Comparisons of " Periods of Six Weeks taken from Doctor Masks*

" lyne's Register, corresponding with the like Com.-f* parisons made in the Case of Mr. Harrison."

Withdrew.

Mr. Graham again.

The Evidence given by Mr. Graham to the former Committee being read, he was asked, Whether he adheres to it now? — he said, Yes.

How many Periods of Six Months did you make use of?

I believe Two.

How many Days of the going of the Watch Green intervened between the 29th December 1789, and 29th June 1790, considering the Watch was let

down Five Days?

I don't know, because I have no Copy of the Paper sent to Sir George Shuckburgh.

Adjourned till Thursday.

(Third Day.)

Jovis, 16* die Mali 1793.

Committee on Report of Mr. Mudge's Petition m?t.

Sir Gilbert Elliot in the Chair.

Mr. Windham,

Mr. Bragge,

Sir George Shuckburgh, and Mr. Gregor.

[Letter from Mr. Graham to Dr. delivered in and read.]

Mr. Graham.

[Delivers in a Paper, intituled, " Observations on the Letter sent to Doctor M.]

Withdrew.

Doctor Hutton.

Have you made any Calculation of the going of Mr. Mudge s Two Time-keepers in their late Trial at the Royal Observatory ?

Yes.

What Method of Calculation do you think most proper and agreeable to the Terms and Intent of the Act of the 14th of His present Majesty, to calculate their going by ?

By taking the mean daily Rate of the Watches in the First Month of the Trial, and applying it to the several Periods of Six Months each comprized in the Twelve Months Trial, to any Number of Periods of Six Months each.

Is

Appendix, N# 4*

Appendix,

N'5.

Appendix, N# 6.

33 Geo. III. 11"

Is this the Method, which was used by the Astronomer Royal, and approved of by the Board of Longitude, and upon which they decided that the Watches had not gone within the Limits of the Act?

I believe it is, by the Publications of Doctor Mas-kelyne and Mr. Mudge.

What were the Errol's of Mr. Mudge's Watches by this Method of Calculation ?

The medium Errors of the Two Watches, upon Six Periods of Six Months each, were as follows:

Watch Green,

4' 5o"

Watch Blue,

5'. 15"; but in most of the Periods the Errors were higher than those; they once amounted as high as 7'. 4".

Are these Errors beyond the Limits of the Act ?

They are.

What do you think of the Method of taking the mean daily Rates of the Watch in the several Months, and applying them to the several Periods of Six Months, immediately following each Month?

I think it a very proper Method, when it is practicable, which however can seldom be the Case during a Voyage.

What were the Errors of Mr. Madge's Watches by this Method ?

On a Medium, upon Six Periods of Six Months each, as in the former, were as follows:

Watch Green,

f r* *>

4-

Watch Blue,

3'. 31''; but the Errors were much greater than these in some of the Periods, and in One amounted as high as 9. 28'.

What do you think of the Method proposed by Mr. Madge, namely, to find the mean Rate of the Watch in the First Six Months, and apply it to the going in the Second Six Months?

I think it a very improper Method on all Accounts, whether for a First Trial of a Watch at the Observatory, or for a Trial to get the Rate before going a Voyage to Sea; for with respect to a Voyage, this Method would seldom be practicable, as a Six Months previous Trial to a Watch before going to Sea could seldom be attained; and at any Rate the Method must be very fallacious on Account of Heat and Cold, whether the Half Yearly Periods contain equal or unequal Portions of the hot and cold Seasons of the Year; for in the first Place, if these Periods should contain unequal Portions of it, so that the one of those Periods should fall all on the Six Summer Months, and the other on the Winter Months, and if the Watches were not most exactly regulated for Heat and Cold, then the greatest Difference would fall on the Result, and if the Watches should be addicted to accelerate or retard their daily Rates of going, then in Process of Time a considerable Error must arise, when the Period from which the Rate is taken, and that to which it is applied, comprize so great a Compass of Time; on the other Hand, should those Two Half Yearly Periods contain equal Portions of the hot and cold Months, and should the Watches have a Periodical Return in their Rates of going, as to Heat and Cold, which is commonly the Case, then the medium Results of these Two Half Yearly Periods would probably be equal, or very nearly so, from whence it would seem as if the Watches had kept their Rate of going all that Time very accurately, and yet nevertheless they may have deviated by enormous Errors backward and forward in the interior Parts of these Two' Half Yearly Periods.

VOL. 48.

Junii. 88 5

What are the Errors by this Method of Mr. Report on Mudge'sr MrMudge't

They were various, as might be expected, sometimes more and sometimes less; but according to the his Watches! most favourable Way for the equal Portions of hot and cold Seasons, and according to Mr. Madge's Mode of Computation, the Error upon Six Months amounted to 4'. 2" I; but by the unequal Portions of Heat and Cold, the Error amounted to almost 9', using still Mr. Mudge's Computation.

Do the Watches appear to be well regulated with respect to the Effects of Heat and Cold ?

No.

How does this appear ?

By comparing the Rates of the Watches in the several Periods of Six Months in Summer, with the like Periods in Winter; for in the Six Winter Months, the Watches went considerably faster than in the Six Summer Months: The Watch Green, by the Quantity 8'. 56", and the Watch Blue 5'. 5"; and these might, in Reality, have been the Errors of the Watches, as reported from an Observatory, if the Trial of them' had commenced in the Middle of Spring, or in die Middle of Autumn, instead of commencing, as it did, in the Middle of Summer, using Mr. Madges Mode of Calculation.

Do you think the Goodness of a Watch can be better ascertained by an Examination of its Constroc--tion and Principles, than by an Examination of its going?

Certainly not; in every Machine whatever, we always try Experiments in order to judge of its Accuracy, and we rate its Value and Goodness, in Proportion to the Accuracy it seems to possess from that Result.

Don't you think that it is an Objection to Doctor Maskelyne's Method, that the Period from which the Rate is taken, becomes gradually more and more removed from that to which it is applied ?

I think quite the contrary; and think that Circumstance a particular Part of its Excellence.

Do you think the Rate, so taken, equally good for all the successive Periods?

It has an equal Chance to be equally good for all; it is a Method which does not seem to militate against one Period more than another.

In taking a Rate for a Period of Six Months, commencing from the present Time, do you think it indifferent whether the Rate be taken from the Month terminating at the present Time, or from a Month beginning Six Months antecedent to the present Time?

I think it might be material, on account of the Difference of Seasons, not otherways; it does not occur to me at present that there is any other material Difference, unless the Watch should have a continual Pro-

gess in altering its Rate of going — there may be other ircumstances that don't occur to me at present.

To what Extent would you carry the Principle, that the Distance of the Period from which the Rate was taken, from that to which it was applied (the going of the Watch in the intermediate Time being supposed not to be known) was of no Consequence i

In the Course of Twelve Months Trial, I would take each Month, or every single Month, and compare it with every Period of Six Months, during that Twelvemonth.

In order to obtain a Rate for the next Six Months, would it be indifferent, in your Opinion, whether the Rate was taken from the last Month, or

10 Q from

A. 1793

m

11* Ju

Report on from aMqofli post; &t the Distance -of a Year, nothing Petitionre*5* king supposed to be known of the going of the Watch spUiMjfo N during the Month &> token-? w^tchoa. I (shQulfl take the (nearest Month, that being the most

thtfur&l.

On the same Principle, on which you would prefer the nearest Month to one a Year off, why should you not prefer the nearest Month to one Six Months off, the Consideration of Seasons being supposed to be out of the Question ?

I would in all Cases take the nearest Month.

Upon what Principle d? you consider it as no Excellence in Doctor s Method, that the

Period from which the Rate is taken, is removed from all the Periods, except to which it ia applied?

It is removed to all the different Distances from the Periods to which it is applied, and the greatest Variety of Results, really differing from each other, will be obtained in this Way, it being by this Means removed to the several Distances of l. 2. 3. 4. 5. &c. Months, and the Medium of the Whole will he the most likely tp he nearest the Truth.

Will a greater Variety of Results be obtained this Way, than in the same Number of Periods, each tried by a Rate taken in any other Way ?

I think it likely there will.

Js it not meant by taking a Rate, to find that Rate to which the Watch is most likely to eon-form ?

I conceive that the Meaning and Use of taking a Rate, is to find whether the Watch goes regularly or not.

Won't one Rate do that as well as another ? I think not.

Was not Doctor Maskelyne s Method particularly necessary to be used by the Commissioners of Longitude, in judging whether the Watches came within the Limits of the Act, because that Act requires a Method generally useful and practicable ?

I think it was.

Do you mean to say, universally, that every Judgment that can be formed of a Machine by the Knowledge of its Construction, is inferior to that whch can be derived from the Experience of its Effects, however limited and imperfect that Experience may be?

The universal Way of judging Machines is by trying their Effects.

Do you mean to say that no Knowledge can be formed by Means of their Construction i

I do not.

Do you mean to say more than this, that the Properties of Machines, as of all other Things, must be judged of partly by Theory and partly by Experience, and that the Value of the Opinion derived from each, will be regulated by the Means by which each is formed, and by the Nature of the Subject ?

I don't mean to say more.

Don't you think, that by how much Machines are more complex, by so much they are more difficult to be judged of by their Principles ?

Certainly I do.

Don't this Opinion particularly apply to Timekeepers?

Yes, very particularly.

Do you mean to imply more, than that Timekeepers are complex Machines?

No.

Adjourned till Tomorrow.

(Fourth Diay,)

Veneris, 17° die Man, 1793.

Committee on Report of Mr. Petition met,

Sir Gilbert Elliot in the Chair.

Sir George Shuckburgh,

Mr. Gregor,

Mr. Windham,

Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Bragge.

Sir Joseph Banks, Baronet.

Are you not deputed by the Board of Longitude to oppose Mr. Madge's Petition in Parliament ?

I am.

What are the general Grounds the Board go upon in opposing the Petition ?

They are of Opinion that Mr. Madge's Allegations in his Petition, respecting the Superiority of his Watches over the Watches of other Artists, is not founded in Fact; and this I learn from their Proceedings: From Conversations from many of their Members I am of Opinion, that the Majority, if not the Whole of the Board, will coosder a Reward given by the House of Commons, in direct Opposition to their Opinion, as a Censure upon their Conduct in the Execution of the Trust devolved on them by Parliament, and that they had far rather the House of Commons would make an Enquiry into their Management of Public Money, if they suspect them to have done wrong, than to thus cast an oblique Reflection upon them.

Did the Astronomer Royal, when he gave in his Report to the Board, upon the going of Mr. Mudge's Time-keepers on their late Trial, explain to‘them at the same Time the Grounds and Principles of the Calculation which he used, to shew whether they had gone within the Limits prescribed by the Act of Parliament?

He explained to them the Rate he made Use of and his Mode of applying it. I apprehend the Commissioners were well competent to judge of the Remainder.

Did the Board thereupon determine that the Timekeepers had not gone within the Limits of the Act, and that they were not authorized to order further Trials of them ?

They did; and, to the best of my Knowledge, unanimously.

Has the Board of Longitude ever shewn any Disinclination to encourage the Improvement of Timekeepers ?

Certainly not, since I have belonged to it, which is more than Fourteen Years.

Does not the Board of Longitude, in determining Rewards to be given to Artists, consider itself as acting under the Authority, and confined within the Provisions of an Act of Parliament ?

Yes.

Withdrew'.

Doctor Maskelyne.

Did you try Mr. Madge's Time-keepers at the Royal Observatory ?

Yes; his First Time-keeper between the Year^ 1774 and 1778, at Two several Times. His Second Time-keepers, Green and Blue, Three several Times; the First Time in 1779 and 1780, the Second in 1783 und 1784, the Thud in 1789 and 1790; the First, between 1774 and 1778, for the Space of 18 Months, in 1779 and 1780 for 15 Months, in 1783 and 1784 for 14 Months, and 1789 and 1790 for 12 Months.

How-

887

How came the First Time-keeper to be sent by the Board of Longitude to the Royal Observatory to be tried there at all, as the Act of Parliament of the 14th of the King requires Two Time-keepers to be tried together?

This was done at the Desire of Mr. Mudge, and is a strong instance as well of the Indulgence of the Board as of myself to him, since I was not obliged by the Act to admit a single Time-keeper to the Royal Observatory.

How did his First Time-keeper go ?

It went pretty regularly from Day to Day, but it gradually accelerated its daily Rate of going, till, at the End of the Three Months Trial, it went 4" a Day faster than at the Beginning. It stopt One Day however soon after winding up, which Mr. Mudge attributes to the Motion in carrying it back from the Transit Room (where it was compared with the Clock) to the Great Room, where it was kept; this however I have much Doubt of, as Mr. my Assistant

at the Time, who managed the Watch that Day relates in a Letter to Barton Masseres that he carried the Watch back from the Transit Room to the Great Room uncovered before him, and thinks it highly probable that if the Watch had stopt in consequence of the horizontal Motion it received in his Return with it, he should have seen it. The Watch was set going again in a few Days, and Three Weeks after the main Spring broke, and then it was taken away to be repaired. 'It was brought again the 1 ith Ac-vember 1776, and tried for 15 Months, till February 26th 1778, successively, when the main Spring broke again; at the End of this Time the Watch had accelerated its daily rate of going by 8"f above that of its going at the Beginning of the 15 Months. This is the most pernicious Error to which a Watch can be subject, since by going always the same Way it never compensates itself, but continually accumulates Error. — The First Trial of the First Time-keeper commenced on the 14th of December 1774.

Did the Commissioners of Longitude, after a competent Trial of the First Time-keeper, request Mr. Mudge to prosecute his Invention, that by having Two Time-keepers of the same Construction he might become properly a Candidate for the Reward offered for Inventions of this Kind by Act of Parliament?

No, he was not requested by the Board to prosecute his Invention. It was his owm Proposal to do so, provided he could receive some Assistance from the Board; the Board in Consequence gave him 500l.

When did the Three Trials of Mr. s

Two Time-keepers, called Green and Blue, commence at the Royal Observatory ?

The First began April 20th 1779, and was continued 15 Months: the Second 21st July 1783, and lasted nearly 14 Months; the Third began 24th June 1789, and continued 12 Months.

How did they go in the First Trial ?

But indifferently: The Watch Green having accelerated its daily Rate at the End of the Trial 11", and the Watch Blue 18".

How did they go in the Second Trial ?

The daily Rates of each varied by 9" f, and at the End of the Trial the daily Rate of Green was accelerated near 3", and that of the Watch Blae by 4" |, and the Watch Green erred 1' 25' in the First Period of 6 Months, and 7'. 6" in the Second Period of 6 Months; and the Watch Blue erred 5'. 43". in the First Period of 6 Months, and 11'. 4". in the Second Period of 6 Months. AH which Errors (except the first) of the Watch Green, are considerably above 4', the Limit of Error prescribed by Act of Parliament.

Vol. 48.

How did they gb in the Third Trial P Report on

The Watch Green varied its daily Rate near 9", Mr. Mudge'* and the Watch Blue above 5'. The Watch Green spiting Ids retarded its Rate of going at the End of the Trial Watch*, from its First Rate hyV'; and the Watch Blue accelerated its daily Rate at the End of the Trial from its Firet Rate by above 2"

What were the Errors of the Watches in 6 Months in their late Trial ?

In Two of the Periods of 6 Months the Error of the Watch Green was less than 4', and in Four of the Periods more than 4', or beyond the Limits of the Act; and the Error of the Watch Blue in One Period was less than 4', and in Five of the Periods more than 4'.

Did you give an Account of these Errors of the Watches, m your Report of their going, to the Board of Longitude?

Yes.

What Resolutions did the Board come to upon this Report?

They resolved unanimously, that as the Time-keepers had not gone upon the 12 Months Trial with the Exactness required by the Act of the 14th of the present King, the Board was not authorized to order further Trial of them.

What Method of Calculation did you use in computing these Errors of the Watches ?

I took a Mean of the Daily Rates of each Watch in the First Month of the Trial, which I applied to correct its going in several Periods of 6 Months comprized in the 12 Months Trial, and I accounted the Errors remaining (after the said Corrections were made) to be the Errors of the Watches in 6 Months.

What do you think of a Method which has been proposed of computing the going of Watches, namely, by taking the several mean daily Rates of the Watch in each Month of the First Half Year, and applying them respectively to the several Periods of 6 Months immediately following each Month?

It is a very proper Method to be used when it can be put in Practice, but Ships do not always stay long enough at a Place to admit of it.

What were the Errors of the Watches in 6 Month#, according to this Method ?

Two of the Errors of Watch Green were under 4', and Four of the Errors were above 4', and One of them amounted to 9'. 28"; and Three of the Errors of Watch Blue were under 4', and Three of the Error# were above 4'.

What are your particular Reasons for preferring your Method of Computation, namely, that of correcting the going of the Watches, in the several Periods of 6 Months, by the mean daily, Rate taken from the First Month of all ?

That as the Act of Parliament requires a Method of finding the Longitude, which shall be generally useful and practicable, the Method of Calculation employed to judge of the Agreement 01 Disagreement of Watches with the Terms of the Act. should be of such a Kind- as ean be practised in every V oyage; and as one cannot be sure that a Ship shall stay long enough at every Port which it shall touch at, to get a fresh Rate of going by Observation, and therefore it may often be necessary to keep on the Use- of the daily Rate of the Watch, with which it first went to Sea, so in like Manner one should calculate the Errors of the Time-keepers at Land, by using the Rate of the first Month, to judge whether they would probably always go within the Limits of the Act in 6 Months.

What

888

11° Ju

A. 1T93.

«<pow °!1 , What is the Method of Calculation proposed by pJaSr Mr. Madge?

sheeting his He finds the mean daily Rate of the Watch, from Watches. its going in the First 6 Months, and applies it to correct the going in the Second 6 Months, or, which comes to the same Thing, he takes the Difference of the whole Variations of the Watch from mean Time, in the Two Periods of 6 Months, and accounts it to be the Error of the Watch.

Periods of the Watch made by Mr. Emery for Count Brtthl was 2'. 58", or less that the mean Error of Mr.

Mudge's, as the Proportion of 3 to 5.

What Authority is there for this Account of the going of Mr. Arnold's Watch, N® 36 ?

It was tried at the Royal Observatory in 1779 and 1780, and I and Mr. George Gilpin, my Assistant at that Time, do certify to the Truth of it.

What do you think of this Method ?

That it would seldom be practicable, as a 6 Months Trial of a Watch before it went to Sea could seldom be obtained; and if One of the Periods of 6 Months should fall in the Summer, and the other in the Winter Parts of the Year, and the Watches were not most exactly regulated for Heat and Cold, the greatest Difference that could arise from the imperfect Correction, would fall upon the Result; and if the daily Rates of the Watches were subject to accelerate or retard, in Process of Time a considerable Error would arise, when the Period from which the Rate is taken, and that to which it is applied, comprize so large a Compass of Time.

What are the Errors of the Watches by this Method?

The Error of the Watch Green was a few Seconds above 4', and the Error of the Watch Blue a few Second under 4'; so that both Watches did not go within the widest Limit of the Actj by this Mode of Computation.

Do the Watches appear to have been well regulated with Respect to the Effects of Heat and Cold ?

No.

How does this appear?

The Watch Green went faster in the 6 Winter Months than in the 6 Summer Months by near 9'; and the Watch Blue went faster in the 6 Winter Months than in the 6 Summer Months by more than 5'; and these might have been actually the Errors of the Watches, according to Mr. Mudge's own Method of Computation, if the Trial of them had commenced in the Middle of Spring, or the Middle of Autumn, instead of Midsummer.

What Authority is there for this Account of the going of Mr. Arnold?s Watch, N® 68 ?

It was tried by Mr. Everar of Lynn, the Owner of the Watch, who communicated the Account of its going to Mr. Arnold, by whom it was printed and published; and Mr. Everard, in a Letter to me, dated " Lynn, 4th March 1792," certifies the going of the Watch, as stated in this Publication, to be very accurate. The Error of this Watch in 6 Months, was computed from the said Publication by the above-mentioned Mr. George Gilpin, who is ready to certify to the Truth of it.

[Mr. Everard's Letter delivered in and read.]

What Authority is there for this Account of the going of Mr. Emery's Watch, made for Count Brukl f

The daily Rate of its going, as published by Count Bruhl in a Pamphlet and Printed Sheet, were given away by Count Bmhl to his Friends, and among them to myself, and the Errors in 6 Months were computed both by myself and by Mr. George Gilpin.

Appendix,

Do you think a Rate taken from the First Month so likely to be true in the last Period as in the first Period ?

No.

Does it happen often, in point of Fact, That a

out an of the

Yes, often, in Voyages exceeding 6 Months.

Are there any other Voyages, besides Voyages of Discovery, the Duration of which, except by particular Accident, exceed 6 Months ?

Yes.

reriou 01 o ivionins elapses in voyages wit Opportunity being given of correcting the Rate Watch ?

Are his Watches so permanent in their Principles that they may be relied upon for going with Accuracy fora very considerable Length of Time ?

If by this is meant, that they are not liable to alter their Rates of going, I deny the Position; for in their late Trial at the Royal Observatory, the Watch Green varied its Rate of going by near 9", and Watch Blue by 5"-

What may have been the Variation of Watches invented by others in this respect ?

A Watch, called N* 36, made by Mr. Arnold, and tried at the Royal Observatory in 1779 and 1780, for 15 Months, varied its Rate of going less that 7"; and another, N* 68, made by Mr. Arnold for, and tried by, Mr. Everard of Lynn, for Years and Months continually, varied its Rate only 5''. A Watch made by Mr Emery, for Count Bruhl, and tried by the Count

for 14 Months, in 1783 and 1784, varied its Rate less than 5"; and being again tried by the Count in 1788, 1789, and 1790, for 15 Months, only varied its Rate 3"t-

How well have those Three Watches kept Time in 6 Months, in Comparison with Mr. Mudge's ?

Much better than Mr. Mudge's; for Instance, the mean Error of 11 Periods of Mr. Arnold's Watch, N* 36, was only 54" in 6 Months, or between 5 and 6 Times less than the like Error of Mr. Mudge's Watches. The mean Error of 46 Periods of Mr. Arnold's Watch, N* 68, was 2'. 33', or about Half of that of Mr. Mudge's Watches; and the mean Error of 17

What Voyages?

Port Jackson, in New South Wales, and to the South West Coast of America.

Does it often happen, during those Voyages, that the Ships do not touch at some Place, the Longitude of which is known, or which they may have Means of ascertaining ?

I believe it often happens that they do not touch at any Port at all, or not long enough to get a fresh Rate of the Watch by Observation.

What Length of Time is necessary for that Purpose ?

A Month.

Cannot a new Rate be obtained for the Watch, whenever the Longitude of the Place is ascertained ?

Yes.

Cannot the Longitude of the Place be ascertained in less than a Month ?

Sometimes it may.

Must it not be a particular Combination of Circumstances that can prevent the Longitude of a Place at which a Ship may Stop, from being ascertained in less than a Month ?

I think it may often happen — it is sometimes cloudy both at the Cape of Good Hope and Port Jackson for a Fortnight or three Weeks.

C9^ I

1

" % { j

k Oltiff

'J® 1

17

*(u

33 Geo. III. 11

889

Do you know of any Instance where, for Want of an Opportunity of ascertaining the Longitude, a Ship has been obliged to use the Rate of 12 Months back ?

I don't recollect any.

Is not the Longitude of the Places where these Ships are likely to touch already known ?

In most of them — not all.

Was Mr. Arnold's Watch, during its Trial at the Royal Observatory, exposed to much Difference of Temperature ?

No; it was tried in the same Room and in the same Manner as Mr. Madges Two Watches.

Do you know, during its other Trials, to what Temperature it was exposed ?

No.

In either of the Accounts published of the going of Mr. Arnold's Two Watches, N°* 36 and 68, is any Register published of the State of the Thermometer ?

No.

each Construction that have gone ill, as well as of those Report on that have gone well ? Mr. Mudge's

I should judge from those that went well, not from Petit‘on re‘ those which went ill. Kl

If I have a Time-keeper whose Construction is not known, and of which I have had no Trial, but know that of Three others made on the same Construction, One has gone with a certain Degree of Excellence, have I or have I not a greater Expectation that the Time-keeper which I am about to try will go with that Degree of Excellence, than if I knew that One only of One thousand made on the same Construction had so gone ?

Somewhat greater.

Has Mr. Arnold ever been a Candidate for the Reward under the Act of Longitude ?

No.

Did the Two Watches, N" 36 and 68, go, during their respective Trials, within the Limits of the Act ?

Yes — I have tried other Watches of Mr. Arnold's at the Royal Observatory.

i" (jj »*

Hi

vhi1 Ofei

'.Ian

£ £ a

iM

ft 3 j hr

\ trc a is

or %

fad

UK-

ni*

‘6

Pi c'

Do you know any Reason for omitting it ?

No.

Do you know where either of those Watches are at present ?

Not N* 36, which belonged to the late Governor Johnstone — Mr. Evefard's Watch remains with him.

From your own Trials, and those of others, of the going of Mr. Mudge's and Mr. Arnold's Watches, which do you think to be made on the best Construction and Principle ?

I think it a right Principle to judge of the comparative Merits of Two Constructions, by the best Specimens of the going of each, or those of each which have gone best; 1 judge of the Goodness of Mr. Madge's Construction, from the Performance of his Two Watches in the late Trial, after they had been made 12 Years, and repeatedly corrected and improved in the intermediate Time; in like Manner I judge of the Goodness of Mr. Arnold's Construction, from the going of the best Watches he has made, which is incontestably superior to the going of Mr. Madge's.

In following the above Mode of judging of the comparative Merit of the Construction of Two Watches, from the best Specimens from each, don't you think it necessary to take into Account the Number of those Specimens, and the Proportion of each Sort that are good, to those that are otherwise ?

I should judge from the best Specimens of each, without requiring a considerable Number of Specimens.

If one Watch has gone better than another, do you think that you can conclude confidently that the Watch that has gone best is of the better Construction ?

Yes, if each Artist has used his utmost Care and Pains in making and adjusting his Watch.

Does it always happen that Watches made with the same Care, and upon the same Construction, go with equal Excellence ?

Nearly so, if sufficient Time is taken to correct and adjust them.

Do you apprehend that where the Question is of the Reliance to be placed on Two Time-keepers in a future Trial, and that nothing is known respecting either but what has been done by others of the same Construction, no Account is to be taken of those of Vot. 48.

Have you any Account of their going ?

I have of 32 Watches. —

[Delivers in a Paper, intituled, " Extreme Dif- Appendix, " ferences of daily Rates of Mr. Arnold's Is'° 8‘

" Time-keepers, tried at the Royal Observatory."]

— many of them sold for 20 Guineas.

Do you know the Principle upon which the several Watches of Mr. Arnold's have been constructed ?

I know the principal Particulars in the Construction of the- Watches, and upon which the going chiefly depends.

Do von know whether they are of a new Invention?

New, as applied to Time-keepers, and upon new Principles.

Are the same adopted in all Mr. Arnolds Watches before-mentioned ?

I believe in most of them.

What do you conceive to be the Reason of that Provision in the Act of Longitude of the 14th of the King, that Two Watches should be delivered for Trial by any one that became a Candidate for the Reward r

To multiply the Experiments of the Watches, by which Means a more sure and speedy Judgment might be formed of their Agreement or Disagreement with the Terms of the Act.

Are you then of Opinion, that from the Success of a single Watch in conforming to the Terms of the Act, a sufficient Inference would not, in all Cases, be drawn to a similar Success in others of the same Construction ?

I think it might, from a competent Number of Trials.

Was it not one of the Objections made to granting the Reward to Mr. Harriso, that though he had made one Watch that came within the Limits of the Act, he might not be able to do the same with another?

It may have been an Objection made by some Person or Persons, but not by the Board of Longitude, or myself in particular.

Was there not a special Act passed, requiring Mr. Harrison to make Two other Watches of the

10 R same

890

2 VJunii. A. 1799,

Report on same Construction,

Reward ?

Meeting his X&

Watches*

before be should -be entitled to

Withdrew.

Mr. William Wales.

Don't you think that the Causes of the Irregularity in the going of a Time-keeper, may be of such a Nature, and so small, as totally to escape ah Discovery by Inspection?

In all those I have seen I think it is.

Can any Thing very conclusive be drawn as to its going from the Examination of its Mechanism?

I think not, without Trial, and I think Mr. A fudges Watches have shewn it; because if the Principles of the Watches had been good from the Beginning, they would always have gone well, which they have not; and from what I know of Mr. I

think his Principles are as likely to be as good as any.

In case of Oil being used, may not the Quality of the Oil be changed by Heat or Cold, or other Causes, so as to produce a sensible Alteration in the going of the Watch, although the Change in the Quality of the Oil, as to its Tenacity, should be wholly insensible to the Eye ?

I don't know whether to the Eye of a Person used to looking at Watches, it may or may not; but the Rate of Time-keepers has been much altered, and it was supposed to have arisen from an Alteration in the State of the Oil, when I could see none.

May not similar Changes and Irregularity take place, or originally exist in the main and balance Springs, which shall equally elude Discovery by the Eye, but be very discernible in the Irregularity, of its going ?

Certainly.

Is it not preposterous to attempt to judge of the Merit of a Time-keeper by Inspection of its Mechanism ?

I think nothing certain can be gained from it, without a Trial of its going.

Adjourned till Tomorrow.

(Fifth Day.)

Sabbafi, 18* die Maxi 1793.

Committee on Report of Mr. s Petition met.

Sir Gilbert Elliot in the Chair.

Mr. Windham,

Sir George Shuckburgh,

Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Bragge.

Doctor Maskelyne.

Are not the Causes that disturb the going of Timekeepers, many of them of such a Sort as will as well affect Time-keepers of a good Construction, as those of an inferior one ?

As the best Time-keepers are not perfect Machines, they may be liable to be affected in a small Degree, by the same Causes that affect inferior Time-keepers in a greater Degree.

Are there not many Causes that will operate in disturbing Time-keepers, without any certain Proportion to the Excellence of their Construction ?

There may be some, but that would arise from the Carelessness of the Watchmaker, in adjusting and putting the Watch together; such as bad Oil, making

use of bad Metals, and putfipg the Watch together carelessly.

Are there not Causes of Disturbance against which the Workman can make no adequate Provision, and which will happen irregularly and fortuitously f

There may be some which will affect a had Timekeeper considerably, hut which will not affect a gppd one, so as to be of any material Consequence.

Do you mean to say that it will not affect it at

all

No.

Does not this Consideration render the Judgment to be formed of foe Construction of Time-keepers, from their Performance in Trials, unless such Trials shall have been very numerous, in a seat Degree uncertain ?

I think not, in the best Time-keepers that have been produced.

Though it be true that Experience is ultimately the Test of Merit in eh practical Concerns, mast not that be meant of Experience continued to an indefinite Extent, so as to insure, that between Two Objects so tried, the Operation of casual and extraneous Causes may be presumed to be equal ?

No; for I suppose the extraneous Causes wiH affect the best Machines in an inconsiderable Degree, and that a moderate Number of Trials is sufficient

Are there not Mechanical Contrivances of a Nature so simple, that their Effects may be determined with Certainty beforehand ?

When used separately by themselves they may; npt when combined together, as in a Watch,

Does not the Judgment to be formed of the Operation of Mechanical Contrivances, according to the Nature of the Contrivance and the Subject to which it applies, pass through nearly all Degrees of Certainty, from the greatest Doubt to the most thorough Conviction ?

Through great Variations of Certainty.

Is not the same true, that of a Judgment formed by Experience, namely, that according to the Extent and Nature of the Experience, jt may pass through all Degrees of Certainty from the least to the greatest?

According to the Degree of Experience.

Must it not happen then, that some Judgments formed a priori, or by reasoning from Causes to Effects, must be better than some formed the contrary Way, vis. by Experience?

That may sometimes happen.

Is the Question, therefore, whether Machine# are to be best judged of by Knowledge of their Construction, or by Experience, a Question liable tP be answered by a simple Affirmation or Negation, that is such a one as is universally true either Way?

It is pretty generally true, but not universally.

From the great Experience that you have had of the going of Time-keepers, can you give any Information of the relative Merit, in your Opinion, of the best Time-keepers, that have been made by Megere. Arnold, Afudge, Emery, and Haley?

I can form a tolerable good Opinion of the respective merits of Mr. Arnold's and Mr. Emery's Timekeepers compared with Mr. Madge's, and One (lees certain) of Mr. Haleys compared with Mr. Madge's.

Do it numerically, putting 100 as the Expression of the Merit of Mr. Mudge's.

By comparing the mean or probable Error, during a Period of 6 Months, of Two of Mr. Madge's Watches, One of Mr. Emery's, and Two of Mr. Arnold's, and from

33 Geo. III. 11° Jmii. 891

from the Observations of the Longitude of as determined by Mr. Graham, according to his Letter to me, with the Watch of Mr. Haley's, 1. think their comparative Merit may be stated as follows:

Mr. Madge's - - - 1,00.

Mr. Haley's - - - >,19.

Mr. Emery's - r - 1,70.

Mr. Arnold's - - 2,93.

you not have afforded to aeU them at a cheaper Rate, Report od and at what Price ? Mr. Mudge'*

I could, certainly; perhaps at 10 Guineas less, if I l>4tl^on r*r could get Workmen, which I cannot. WaS.

Have you made any other Timekeepers of a different Construction from that which you made for Count Bruhl?

Yes.

If the Board of Longitude had given a Reward to Mr. Mudge, on the Ground of Superiority of Merit, would they not have acted in direct Violation of their Duty, by rewarding the inferior in preference to the superior Artist ?

Yes, I think so.

Do you mean by this Estimate, more than an Estimate of the going of the above Watches during their several Trials, according to the Modes stated in One of your late Answers ?

1 mean it to be an Estimate of the going of the Watches, and at the same Time of the Superiority of the other Watches; a considerable Superiority of Mr. Arnolds arid Mr. Emery's, above Mr. , and of

some Superiority of Mr. Haley's above Mr. Madge's.

Withdrew.

Mr. Josiah Emery.

Are you acquainted with the Correction Piece of Mr- Arnold's Watches, for Heat and Cold ?

Yes; Mr. Arnold has made a Variety of Compensations, of which I am acquainted.

Where are his Compensation Pieces applied ?

Some upon the Balance, and some upon the Balance

Spiing.

Which do you prefer?

For small or Pocket Watches that upon the Balance; for very large Watches upon the Balanee Spring.

Do you consider this as the principal Part of the Time-keeper, and the most difficult Part to execute ?

Certainly One of the most essential Parts, and most difficult to execute.

What do you think of the Helical Balance Spring, which Mr. Arnold uses in the Construction of his Watches ?

That it is a very good Contrivance.

Is it preferable to the common Spiral Spring used by other Watchmakers ?

It is preferable for the Compensation on the Balance, but if the Compensation is put upon the Spring, I like the other as well.

' Is not the Helical Spring more likely than the common Spring, to cause the long and short Vibrations to be performed in the same Time ?

It is more likely and more easy to make it.

Do you apprehend that Mr. Mudge's Time-keepers require no particular Attention to keep them from In-

1 don't know — all Watches must be taken Care of.

Do you apprehend that the best Timer-keepers, made by Other Persons, require any extraordinary Attention to keep them from Accident ?

I don't know; except those made with Friction Wheels may have the pivots larger, therefore bear Motion with less Danger.

How many Time-keepers have you made of the same Construction with that which you made for Count Bruhl, and what Price did you sell them at ?

3a or 33, perhaps One or Two more, and sold them from too to 150 Guineas.

If they had tiepp brought into general Use, could

Vol. 48.

Have they been submitted to Trial under the Orders of the Board of Longitude ?

No. — I don't know the Construction of Mr. Mudge's Watches — never saw the Inside of them.

Did not you receive formerly from Count Bruhl, a Model of an Escapement supposed to be invented by Mr. Mudge?

Yes.

Was that Form of Escapement known to you at the Time ?

No.

Do you conceive it to have been known to any One of the Trade at that Time ?

I don't know, but I believe not.

Did it remain some Time a Secret to the Trade ?

I don't know, for Count Bruhl was very communicative respecting that Escapement.

Did you shew the Escapement to Mr. Arnold ?

Yes, and to some other Workmen, who did not appear to understand it — I don't recollect what Answer Mr. Arnold made to it — he laughed, and said there was a great deal of Work in it.

Was the Watch which you made for Count Bruhl, and of which the Register has been referred to in these Minutes, made subsequent to the Communication of the Model of the Escapement above-mentioned made to you by Count Bruhl?

Yes.

Did the above Watch contain that Escapement?

Yes.

Is not an Escapement a most material Part of the Mechanism of a Watch?

Yes.

Withdrew.

Mr. John Arnold.

Do you apprehend your Correction Piece for Heat and Cold differs from Mr. Mudge's, either in the Construction or Application ?

In both — the Correction Piece of my Time-keeper is in the Balance itself, which Mr. Harrison says in his Book, would be the greatest possible Perfection could it be obtained — we have made those Corrections so perfect now that they may be adjusted to any possible Degree of Perfection, to Half a Second in Twenty-four Hours for 60' of the Thermometer, which I believe is the greatest Variation in this Climate; but we usually adjust them from 32 % or below, to 112*: but we find if they are well adjusted to 6o*, they answer for all others — the other Method of Adjustment for Heat or Cold, is by shortening or lengthening the Balance Spring which was Mr. Harrison's, and is incorrect and impossible from its Nature to be made perfect.

What Objections do you see to the Correction Pieces which clip the Balance Spring in different Places, according to the Heat or Cold of the Weather?

That the Increase and Decrease of the Motion of that Piece cannot be made to correspond with the different Lengths of the Spring; for Example, suppose the Spring to be 40 Inches long, and it is necessary to shorten tfint Spring One Inch for 10* of Heat, the

next

A. 1793.

892

11° Junii.

Report on next io* must be shortened only a Fortieth Part of Mr. Mudge'* 39 Inches, and so vice versa. Petition respecting his What Objections are there against the common Watches. Spiral Spring?

That it is never a Spiral, but when it is at rest; for the Instant it begins to move, it assumes a Figure that is not a perfect Spiral, both when the Spring opens and closes by the contrary Vibrations.

What is the Advantage of the detached Escapement ?

Less Oil, and that the Balance is less impeded by the Change of the Oil of Pallot.

Have you any Method of adjusting your Watches, so as to make the Balance describe large and small Arcs in the same Time ?

Yes, perfectly; so much so, that 180° Difference in the Length of the Vibration of the Balance, shall have no sensible Effect on the Time shewn by the Chronometer.

(Sixth Day.)

Jvois, 23° die Mali 1793.

Committee on Report of Mr. Mudge'& Petition met.

Sir Gilbert Elliot in the Chair.

Mr. Windham,

Mr. Gregor,

Mr. Ryder, and Mr. Bragge.

Mr. George Gilpin.

Do you know any thing of the Trial of Mr. Mudge's First Time-keeper at the Royal Observatory ?

Yes, I assisted in the Trial of it 15 Months.

Were those Trials conducted with Care?

Yes, very great, both on the Part of Doctor Maskelyne, as well as on the Part of myself; except by being let down once, if that may be thought an Accident.

Do you use any Remontoire to your Watch ?

None.

Is there no Advantage in the Use of the Remontoire ?

Only as a Help to bad Workmanship, or to those that don't understand the Helical Spring.

Do you apprehend that the best Time-keepers made by other Persons require any particular Care or Attention to preserve them from Accident ?

Not more than common Watches.

How many Time-keepers have you made?

Upwards of 900; but never made Two exactly alike, while I was able to improve the Principles; I have Twenty N° Ones.

What Knowledge have you of the going of your Time-keepers and of the Number?

From those who have had them — upwards of 50 we have got Account of.

From what Prices do you sell your Watches ?

From 25 to 120 Guineas.

Did you ever hear how many Time-keepers Mr. Mudge made ?

Four or Five.

Did any Accident happen to it during the Time ?

No Accident to the Watch, but it stopt on a sudden, without any apparent Cause, before it was taken from the Observatory.

Was any Cause assigned for its stopping?

Mr. Dutton, who came to the Observatory to take it away, attributed its stopping to the breaking of the Main Spring.

How did the Watch go before it stopped?

Indifferently; it altered its Rate 8"J per Day in the 15 Months. I mean that on some Day during the latter Part of the Time, it went 8"J faster than it had gone on some Day at the Beginning.

Do you know any thing of the Trial of Mr. Mudge'& Two Time-keepers, called Green and Blue, at the Observatory in 1779 and 1780?

Yes; I also assisted in the Trial of them for 15 Months.

Was that Trial conducted with Care, and did any Accident happen to the Watches during the Time ?

The Trial was conducted with very great Care, both on the Part of the Astronomer Royal, as of myself, and no Accident happened to either of them.

Withdrew.

Mr. Thomas Mudge, Junior.

How many Time-keepers has Mr. Mudge made ?

Only Three, upon the Construction which is now the Subject of Enquiry.

Has he made any other Watches with the Compensation-piece for Heat and Cold, and what Number?

One in the Possession of Her Majesty, which has the same Escapement as that made by Mr. Emery for Count Bruhl, and One other, which are all I know of.

What Number could your Father make in a Year?

He is now incapable of making any.

Withdrew.

Mr. Arnold again.

How many do you make in a Year?

Five or Six Dozen.

In what Time can you make up and adjust a Watch?

In Four Months.

Adjourned till Thursday.

How did the Watches go in this Trial ?

Very indifferently; the Watch Green altered its Rate 11", and Watch Blue 18" Day. I mean that each of them went so much faster on some Day at the latter Part of the Trial than at the first.

Was any other Time-keeper, besides those of Mr. Mudge's, tried at the Royal Observatory while you resided there ?

Yes, a Pocket Watch of Mr. Arnold's, N° 36.

How did it go in that Trial ?

Very well.

Which Watch went best, this Watch of Mr. Arnold's, or Mr. Mudge's Two Watches, which were tried at the same Time at the Royal Observatory in 1779 ?

Mr. Arnold's went much the best; for in 11 Periods of 6 Months each, the greatest Error was only 2'. 31", the mean Error not more than 54"; whereas the least Error in 8 Periods of 6 Months each of Mr. Mudge's Watch Green was 7'. 37", the greatest Error 16'. 25'', and the mean Error io'. i'*. Mr. Arnold's therefore appears to have gone 11 Times better than this Watch. The least Error in 8 Periods of 6 Months in the Watch Blue was 5'. 53"; and the greatest Error 36'. 2 the mean Error 22' 30", whence it appears Mr. Arnold's went 25 Times better than this Watch.

What

5®(t

"/IS

It

It

if

33 Geo. III. 11

893

What is the Disadvantage of this Kind of Error in a Watch, namely, its continually accelerating its daily Rate?

It is the most pernicious of all Errors incident to ft Watch, because going always the same Way, it never compensates itself, but continually increases with Time. Thus, if the Watch gradually altered its daily Rate till it was increased only by 2" -rVhs at the End of 6 Months* this would occasfon the Watch to differ from the Calculation of its going, made from the Rate of the preceding Month, by 4', or beyond the Limits of the Act. Mr. Mudge's Watches accelerated their Rates of going much more in 1779 an^ 1780.

Have you made any Calculation of the going of Mr. Mudge's Two Watches, Green and Blue, in 1789

and 1790, to find their Errors in 6 Months ?

Yes.

Which Watch went best, this Watch of Mr. Arnold's tried in 1779, or Mr. Mudgea Two Watches in 1789 and 1790?

Mr. Arnold's went best in 6 Periods of 6 Months each. Two of the Errors of the Watch Green are under 4', and in Periods above 4'; the mean Error was 4'. 50". In the 6 Periods of the Watch Blue, only One is under 4', and 5 of the Periods above 4'; the mean Error is 5. 15". Mr. Arnold's therefore went between Five and Six Times better than Mr.

Have you made any Calculations of the going of a Watch, N* 68, made by Mr. Arnold for Mr. Everard, in order to find the Errors in 6 Months ?

Yes: — In 46 Periods of 6 Months each, only 8 exceed 4', all the rest are under. — The mean Error is 2'. 33". Mr. Mudge's Watches went only half as well as this Watch of Mr. s, that had gone

with the Application of the same Rate Four Years Four Months. The greatest Error in that Time never amounted to 5', whereas the Errors of Mr. Mudge's Watches in One Year amounted to 6', and 7' in One of them.

Have you made any Calculation on the going of a Watch made by Mr. Emery for Count to find

the Error in 6 Months ?

Yes: — In 17 Periods of 6 Months each, only 3 exceed 4*, all the rest are under, and the mean Error is 2'. 55" — Mr. Emery's Watch therefore went better than Mr. Mudge's in the Proportion of 7 to 4.

What Method of Calculation did you use in finding the Errors of the Watches in 6 Months?

By taking the Mean of the first Month's Rate, and applying it to the succeeding Periods of 6 Months, each Period beginning a Month later than the preceding.

Is this the Method which was used by the Astronomer Royal, and approved of by the Board of Longitude, and upon which they decided that the Watches had not gone within the Limits of the Act?

It appears so from Doctor Maskelyne's Publication.

Do you know any thing of the going of Mr. Mudge's First Time-keeper in a Voyage to Newfoundland, in 1784, under the Care of Vice Admiral Campbell?

Yes.

What Longitude do you give to Newfoundland, both in going and returning ?

From a printed Account of the late Vice Admiral Campbell's Observations at Johns , I

find the Watch erred 101 Miles in Defect in the Voyage out, and erred 8{ Miles in Excess in the Voyage home. — The Account was printed by Count Bruhl.

Vo l. 48.

What is die Duration of a Voyage from England Report oft to Newfoundland, or back again? Mf- Mudge's

A Month. p€ti‘ion Z:

specting his

Can you conclude, from the near going of a Wa,cheS' Watch in a Voyage of a Month, that it would probably go within the Limits of the Act of Parliament in a

Voyage of 6 Months? No, certainly not.

Have you ever tried any Other Time-keepers, and how did they go?

Yes, Two more of Mr. Arnold's, a Box Time-keeper and a Pocket one; and in 5 Periods of 6 Months each, of the Box Time-keeper, Four of the Errors were under 4', and One above — the mean Error 2'. 41"; it went better than Mr. Mudge's in the Proportion of 7 to 4. — In the 5 Periods of 6 Months each, of the Pocket Time-keeper, 3 were under and Two above 4'. — The mean Error 3'. 16"; this Time-keeper went better than Mr. Mudge's in the Proportion of 2 to 3-. — I have had the Trial of Two or Three more, but have no Account of them, having had them only for a short Trial.

Did Doctor Maskelyne appear to wish well to Time-keepers in general, and think them useful Machines ?

Yes, — he not only wished well to them in general, but actually gave the Makers of them great Encouragement, not only by taking upon himself the Trouble of giving their Watches private Trials, but of rendering pecuniary Aid to some who would not have been able to have prosecuted the Business of making Timekeepers so long as they did, had it not been for his Assistance.

Did Doctor Maskelyne ever uste any Expression that shewed his Satisfaction or Dissatisfaction at Mr. Mudge's Watches going well?

I never knew him express any Dissatisfaction at his Watches going well; on the contrary, I have frequently heard him express great Satisfaction when they went well, and a Regret when they shewed Signs of going ill.

Whether what is stated by you as an Error, and an Error of the most pernicious Kind, is not consistent! with the going of a Watch which might be considered as perfect?

They have not all done so.

Will nqt a Watch, whose Variations conform to a constant and known Law, be as good, or nearly as good, as One which does not vary at all ?

Yes, if you can be certain that it will always go so; but I apprehend that is not the Case — when a Watch begins to accelerate its Rate, we can never tell when it will stop-.

Can you tell for certain what a Watch will do that is sometimes accelerated, and sometimes retarded ?

That may depend upon its not being adjusted for Heat and Cold.

Does not the true Merit of a Watch consist in being subject to a constant and known Law, whatever' that Law may be ?

Yes;

May hot a Watch, therefore, which has constantly accelerated during the Course of its Trial, afford as good a Presumption of its possessing that Merit, as One that has occasionally compensated itself?

No; ft Watch will very frequently accelerate for a considerable Time, and then cease to do so; therefore, nothing can be determined from that: but ft Watch that sometimes accelerates, and sometimes retards, if it depends upon its not being sufficiently

10 S adjusted

A. 1793.

1TJunii

Report on justed for Heat and Cold, the Extent of that Error may Petition*re* ke ascertained, and very easily allowed for.

specting hi* Would a Watch that (during a Month's Trial) had Watches. uniformly gained upon itself Half a Second Day, appear to be a better or worse Watch, particularly with respect to any Conjecture to be formed of its Construction, than One which, though compensating itself in the End, had fluctuated between very wide Limits, and without any certain Law?

I should consider the One that accelerated Half a Second a Day to be the worst Watch.

And being asked the Reason of his Preference? — he refers to an Answer already given.

Where was the Pocket Watch of Mr. Arnold's, N*36, kept?

Many Times in my Pocket, and at Night hung up in the Assistant's Room at the Observatory.

Mr. John Crosley.

Do you know any Thing of the Trial of Mr. Mudge's Two Time-keepers, Green and Blue, at the Royal Observatory, in 1789 or J 790 ?

Yes; the Trials were conducted with Care, and no Accident happened to them, except the letting them go down, which happened Once.

Have you calculated the Errors of their going in 6 Months, from those Trials ?

Yes; the same as stated by Doctor in his

Appendix, N°* 9 and 10, in his Pamphlet.

Is this the Method usually practised by the Astro-, nomer Royal in like Cases ?

Yes.

Withdre m.

Mr. Arnold.

Did Mr. Mudge's Watches, during the whole Time you had the Trial of them, continually accelerate their Rate of going ?

They accelerated the Whole of the Time; but whether uniformly or not, I don't know.

If Watches in this Instance continue to accelerate for 15 Months, do you think it improbable that other Watches may continue the same Tendency for a similar Period?

It has been already mentioned, that several Watches, made by other People, have not had that Tendency to accelerate.

Withdrew.

Mr. Joseph

Do you know any Thing of the Trial of Mr. Mudge's Two Time-keepers, Green and Blue, at the Royal Observatory, in 1783 and 1784?

Yes.

Were those Trials conducted with Care, and did any Accident happen to the Watches during the Time ?

They were; and no Accident happened to the Watches in the Time, unless the letting them go down may be considered as such.

Have you calculated the Errors of their going in 6 Months ?

I have computed them, and find them as stated by Doctor Maskelyne, in the Appendix, N°* 7 and 8, of his Pamphlet.

Have you ever tried any other Time-keepers?

I have.

How did they go, in Comparison with Mr.

Mudge's?

[Delivers in Paper, intituled, " Account of a Pocket Watch, and Box Time-keeper, made " by Mr. Arnold, during a Voyage to and from " the East Indies."]

Did Doctor Maskelyne appear to wish well to Time-keepers in general, and think them useful Machines?

He certainly did; and did every Thing in his Power to encourage the Construction of Timekeepers.

Did he ever use any Expression that shewed his Satisfaction or Dissatisfaction at Mr. Mudge's Watches going well?

Many of Satisfaction, when they went well; but none of Dissatisfaction.

Did Mr. Emery shew you Mr. Mudge's Escapement applied to a Watch?

He did, which he said was Mr. Mudge's.

What Observation did you make on it ?

I told him there was a great deal of Work, and a great deal of Oil. I never apply Oil to my detached Escapement, and it will wear less than any other Part which is subject to wear, because it has no Friction whatever.

What is the Detriment of Oil to other Escapements ?

Because it alters its Tenacity, and in frosty Weather a Watch that has a great deal of Oil will almost stop with it. The President de Scarron, who has a Watch made by Mr. Emery with Mr. Mudge's Escapement, as he told me, actually stopped on being put in the Ice to try the Rate of its going, but in temperate Weather it went very well. — The balancing Spring was of my Construction.

Doctor Maskelyne.

Do you know any Thing of a Difficulty of Mr. Mudge's, about not putting the Compensation for Heat and Cold in the Balance ?

Yes; Mr. Dutton told me formerly, That Mr. Mudge had been put to a gdod deal of Trouble in making the Thermometer Part of his Watch, as he could not put it in the Balance; Mr. Arnold having done it before him.

Do you know what Mr. HanHson says in his Book about the Advantage of putting the Compensation for Heat and Cold in the Balance ?

Yes; it is contained in Page 103 of Mr. Harrison's Pamphlet, and is as follows:

" I can now boldly say, that if the Provision for " Heat and Cold could properly be in the Balance itself, as it is in my Pendulum, the Watch (or my " Longitude Time-keeper) would then perform to a " few Seconds a Year.''

Has not Mr. Ludlam, in a Letter to you, said something on this Subject ?

He has, as follows:

" Extract of a Letter from that excellent Astronomer and Judge of Mechanics, the late " Rev. Mr. Ludlam, to the Rev. Dr. Need " Maskelyne, Astronomer Royal, &c. &c. " &c.

Withdrew. " Now you mention Mr. Arnold, I am glad of an

" Opportunity

33 Geo. III. II'

" Opportunity of doing him Justice. I confess, from " the Accounts I had, I Once thought he was One " of those who talk much and do little. But since " the Account of the going of his Watch, when in " your keeping, has been fairly and honestly published, and since I have seen what he has actually " done, I have far different Thoughts. His Contrivances are far simpler and easier than those of " Mr. Harrisons, or any I have seen, and full as likely

" as any to answer the End proposed. His Balance " Spring is simpler and easier to make than that Spiral Curve of Harrisons. Mr. Harrison says, (Page " 103 of his Book) " that if the Provision for Heat and " Cold could properly be in the Balance itself, as in the Pendulum, the Watch would perform to a few " Seconds in a Year." Now Mr. Arnold hath found u out this great Desideratum, which it seems Mr.

Harrison could not; for that Provision is in the Balance itself of Mr. Arnold's Watches. So I think " we may congratulate Mr. Arnold on the Discovery,

" and on the Testimony given by Mr. Harrison. I " cannot tell whether Mr. Arnold knows what fine " Things, in Effect, Mr. Harrison has said of him;

" if not, as Mr. Arnold lives in your Neighbourhood,

" pray inform biua of it.

" Leicester, Oct. 23, 1783."

Do you know any Thing of the going of Mr. Mudges first Time-keeper, in Two Voyages to Newfoundland in 1784 and 178.5, during which it was tried by Vice Admiral Campbell, who had the Command of His Majesty's Ships on that Station?

I have been enabled to compute the Longitude of Newfoundland, from the going of the Watch, in its Voyage out to Newfoundland, as well as in its Return

to England, in the Year 1784, from the Account of its going in that Voyage, placed at the End of a Pamphlet published by Count Bruhl, which he formerly made me a Present of As Count Bruhl had not mentioned any Rate of the Watch settled from Observation made in England before the Voyage, and in fact allowed none himself, without giving any Reason for the Omission, I w-as constrained to take the Rate deduced from Observations made by Admiral Campbell at Newfoundland, by which I found the Longitude came out 10 f Miles greater than the true Longitude, by the Watch in the Voyage out, and Miles less than the true Longitude in the Voyage home — the mean Error of these Two Determinations is therefore Miles. I was not able to make any Inference with respect to the going of Mr. Madge's Watches in the Voyage to Newfoundland in 1785, for Want of having been furnished with proper Details for that Purpose.

What is the Length of the Voyage to Newfoundland, or back?

About a Month.

Has any One a Right to conclude from the near going of a Watch in a Month, that it would probably, go within the Limits of the Act in the larger Time of Six Months, as required by the Act ?

No; because the Errors of Watches in giving the Longitude will be apt to increase in a greater Proportion than that of the Time, if the Watches are not rightly regulated for Heat and Cold, or if they are liable to gradually accelerate or retard their Rates of going.

When you touch at any Port whose Longitude is known, in the Course of a Voyage, cannot you get a new Rate of going of the Watch from its going during the Voyage?

By no Means, for it is impossible to know on whit Vol. 48.

yunii. 895

Day of the Voyage the Watch commenced a new Report on Rate different from that settled before the Voyage, per*. ^"^8® *' and therefore it is impossible to tell the Number of spe^Vhfg Days which it had gone with the new Rate, and as Watcbf*. there is only given the whole Variation of the Watch, from what its former Rate would have produced in an unknown Number of Days, the Quotient of the former divided by the latter, as the Alteration of the daily Rate, cannot he found.

What are the general Grounds the Board go upon in opposing the Petition ? *

The Board of Longitude, being appointed by Act of Parliament, with competent Powers to reward Mr.

Mudge as far he shall be found deserving, and having made a great many Trials of his Time-keepers a long Course of Years, and having passed several Resolutions about the going of them, to the best of their Knowledge and Judgments agreeably to thte Act, cannot but feel it as an Imputation of Blame thrown upon them by this Honourable House, if it shall disregard, all their Trials and Examinations, and bring in a fresh Bill, which will virtually repeal the old Act under which they have proceeded, without (as they flatter themselves) any Proof having been given that they have abused their Trust, or not done Justice to Mr.

Mudge under it. The Trials of Time-keepers, and the Calculation of their going, being Matters of a scientific Nature, the Commissioners of Longitude hope they have been properly appointed by the Act to take Cognizance of these Matters, for many of their Members, being chosen from their Offices as attached to Science, and others from their Offices under Government or in the Navy, which Committee probably no better can be appointed. The Board of Longitude entertain serious and well-grounded Apprehensions, that if this Honourable House should give Countenance to Mr. Mudge, which he solicits, future Watchmakers will be thereby encouraged, if they can't get rewarded by the Board of Longitude according to their Expectations, however unreasonable, to fly to and trouble Parliament with their pretended Claims, and after the Example set before them in this Instance, publish scandalous and abusive Invectives against the Persons who shall officially try their Watches, and calculate their going, with a View of preparing the Way for their Petitions to this House, and to the Rewards which they would then see may be obtained by Patronage and Solicitation, without a strict weighing and examining of Merits. Thus the Appointment of the Board of Longitude might be rendered nugatory, and much Pains taken by them in the Execution of their Office would prove useless; or they might on the other Hand be tempted to be lavish of the Public Money, through the Apprehension of being accused by a dissatisfied Watchmaker before this Honourable House, which very Thing might eventually bring them under the Censure of the House; not for Oeconomy of the Public Money, but for Profusion of it.

When a Rate is taken from a Trial of any Extent on Shore, as from the First Month, for Example, in your Method, is any Account taken of the Times, during that Period, when the Watch has changed its Rate?

No; the Mean of the daily Rates of the First Month is taken in Calculation at the Observatory, for judging of the Watches going within the Limits of the Act.

Does the taking of a Rate from the Result of a Period passed at Sea, differ from taking a Rate on a Period of the same Extent passed on Shore ?

We obtain the Mean of several Days Rates on Shore, but only the Rate deduced from the first and last Day in its going from one Port to another, and

we

896

11* yunit.

A. 1793.

Petition respecting hie Watcie*

Report on we cannot tell whether the Rate found from the Voyage Mr. Mudge's will be useful or not.

In addition to my Answer to the former Question, I would observe, that if the Watch should be found to vary its Rate considerably during the first Month, I should think that a sufficient Objection to the conti* nuance of the Trial.

The only Difference therefore between taking a Rate from a Period passed at Sea and one on Shore is, that in the former Case the Opportunity will be lost of rejecting such Rate, in case any great Change in the going of the Watch should have happened during that Period ?

This is not the only Difference, for we may take a Rate from the Observations made on Shore, from the Time it has become stationary, if that should be the Case, and that has been my Practice at the Royal Observatory.

But if, in Point of Fact, the Rate is taken, such Rate will be the same wherever the Period has been passed ? Yes.

Are you acquainted with the Principles of Mr. Time-keeper ?

From what has been mentioned in Conversation from his Friends, and from his Pamphlet, I am acquainted with the principal Particulars of his Watch, and on which the going of Watches chiefly depends — never seen any formal Description of it. I derive my Information from the Publication of his Pamphlets.

Whether the Opinion which you have given of the comparative Merit of Mr. Mudges Watches, is formed not solely from their Effects, but partly from what you conceive yourself to know of their Construction ?

My Opinion is formed from each Method, taken separately, and is the same from both.

Adjourned till Tomorrow.

(Seventh Day.)

Veneris, 240 die Maxi 1793.

Committee on Report of Mr. Mudge's Petition met. Sir Gilbert Elliott in the Chair.

Mr. Windham,

Mr. Gregor,

Mr. Ryder, and

Mr. Bragge.

Mr. Josiah Emery.

Might not the Watch which you made for Count Brukl have gone as well as it did, if it had been fitted with some Escapement which you know, and which is not of the Invention of Mr. Mudge?

No Watch can go so well as with a detached Escapement. I have made some with Escapements different from Mr. Mudge's, which I conceive to have gone well, but of which I have no accurate Accounts.

Has not this Watch a Spiral Balance Spring?

No; it was made with a Spring of the same Sort as that which is called by Mr. Arnold an Helical Spring, and of which I read an Account in an English Paper, under the Name of a Cylindrical Spring, about a Year or two before Mr. Arnold took out his Patent. The Account was contained in an Advertisement from Bow Street, relative to a Number of Watches that had been stolen in France and brought to England.

At what Time did you see this Account ?

In 1775 or 1776 I believe it might be, but I can't tell precisely.

When do you apprehend Mr. Arnold took out his Patent for his Helical Spring ?

I can't speak precisely.

ot

How do you know this Advertisement was before Mr. Arnold took out his Patent?

I am sure I read the Advertisement before he took out his Patent, and I never heard of that Invention of the Cylindrical Spring till I read the said Advertisement.

Might not Mr. Arnold have taken out his Patent some Time before you knew it, and therefore before you saw the Advertisement ?

He might have taken out his Patent before I knew it, perhaps a Month or two, but am sure it was not before I saw the Advertisement, which was at least a Year or two before I knew of the Patent

Is the Compensation for Heat and Cold applied upon the Balance Spring, or upon the Balance, in your Watch ?

Upon the Balance.

Is there any Contrivance in this Watch to cause the long and short Vibrations to be performed in the same Time ?

Yes.

Might not then this Watch have gone equally well if nothing in it had been borrowed from Mr. Mudge's ?

It is possible — but I have not had the same Oppor tunity of knowing, as Observations had not been made with the same Exactness on other Watches which I made with different Escapements.

To what Degree are those other Escapements which you have mentioned, different from those of Mr. Mudge's ?

In having single Pallets instead of Two — I mean for Pocket Watches — -1 have made some large Watches with Escapements of double Pallets, which have not yet appeared, and that are quite unlike Mr. Mudge's.

Had you made either of these Escapements previous to Mr. Mudge's having been communicated to you ?

No.

Withdrew.

Mr. Wales.

Do you know the Method that was used by the Astronomer Royal, in calculating the Errors of Mr. Mudge's Two Watches in 6 Months, during their late Trial, and upon which the Board of Longitude decided, that the Watches had not gone within the Limits of the Act?

Yes — Doctor Maskelyne took the Rate of its going during the First Month, as the Rate which it ought to go at during the whole Year's Trial, and calculated by that Means, what the Watches ought to have gained or lost during the Periods of 6 Months; he then took the Difference between these Results, and what they actually gained or lost in the same Period, for the Errors of the Watches.

Do you know for what Reason it was adopted ?

Because the Act of the 14th of Geo. III. requires that the Method proposed for determining the Longitude at Sea, should not only be practicable but general.

Have not other Methods been proposed of computing the going of Watches, to determine whether they went within thp Limits of the Act?

Yes, there were Two other — one is to take the Rate of the Watches going during each of the first 6 Months, and apply it to the 6 Months next following that from which the Rate was taken — the other was to take its Rate during the first 6 Months of its Trial, and compare it with its going in the latter 6 Months,

Have

Have Mr. Mudges Watches gone within the Limits of the Act, by any of these Methods of Calculation ?

Neither of them have by either of the Two first Methods of Comparison — by the latter, the Watch Blue has gone within a few Seconds of the Limits of the Act, and Watch Green a few Seconds beyond.

What were the Errors by the First Method ?

In Four of the Periods the Watch Green was without the Limits of the Act, and Two within: and in some of them, the Errors were 6 and 7 Minutes; the Watch Blue went within the Limits but in One Period, and in Five were beyond it; and in Three of the Periods the Errors were somewhat more than 6'.

What were the Errors by the Second Method ?

The Watch Green went within the Limits Two Periods, and in Four Periods were beyond, and in One the Error was near 9' J; the Watch Blue was within the Limits in Three Periods, and in Three beyond, and the greatest Error did not amount to 6'.

What were the Errors by the Third Method ?

At the End of the Trial, the Error of Watch Green was under 2', but at one Time, during the latter Period, the Error was 4' and a few Seconds; the Error of Watch Blue was greatest at the End of the Trial, and was a few Seconds under 4'.

Were the Watches rightly adjusted for Heat and Cold?

No.

How does this appear ?

It does not appear.

On what do you found your Opinion ?

: By comparing the Rates the Watches went at during the o Summer Months, with the Rate they went at during the 6 Winter Months; the Watch Green lost in the 6 Summer Months j'. 47", and gained in 6 Winter Months 7'. 8", the Error is therefore 8'. 55''; the Watch Blue lost in the 6 Summer Months, 4'. 45", and gained in the 6 Winter Months 20", its Error therefore is 5'- 5"-

Whether do you think a better Judgment may be formed of the Goodness of a Time-keeper, from examining the Principles of its Construction, or its Exactness in keeping Time P

Certainly from its Exactness in keeping Time.

Do you think that every Judgment formed of the Goodness of a Time-keeper from a Knowledge of its Construction, is inferior to that which can be formed from Experience of its Effects, however imperfect that Experience may be ?

No — but I conceive the Question to be unlimited.

If by unlimited is meant universal, is not your former Answer equally unlimited P

In my former Answer, I supposed that in either Case the best Moans of judging were resorted to.

Then you only mean to say, that Experience is the best Test, provided the Experience can be had to a sufficient Extent?

Certainly.

Are not the Causes described by you in a former Part of your Evidence as escaping Observation, yet greatly affecting the going of Watches, sufficient to shew, that Watches of equal Merit in the Construction may occasionally go very differently ?

So far as relates to the Effects of Oil, or Foulness of the Machine, I think they may — but if the Watches are equally well constructed, which the other Causes of Change seem to refer to, I think not.

Vol. 48.

Is it not true, in Point of Fact, that Watches made on the same Construction, and apparently with the same Care, do not go with the same Exactness either one with another, or each with itself, at different Times ?

Yes; but the Maker may not have sufficient Time to adjust them properly, which may cause different Watches of the same Construction to go differently; and the same Watch may go better at one Time than another, either from its being in a fouler State, or from an Alteration in some of its Parts ?

Is not this in Fact to say, that Watches may occasionally go worse from Causes not connected with their general Merit, and must not a Judgment therefore formed in these Instances of their Construction from their Effects, prove erroneous ?

Yes, if the Watch is tried when it is in an improper State for Trial, or when improperly put together or adjusted.

When I am pronouncing on a Watch from its Effects in Trial, am I not supposed to be ignorant whether it has or has not been completely prepared with respect to those Causes of Error ?

If it has not been properly adjusted, it will appear from Trial that it has not — and it is supposed a Watchmaker would not send a Watch out of his Hands for Trial in an improper State; but in this latter Respect, the Person who tries it cannot be supposed to be a Judge.

Is not the Judgment pronounced upon Mr. Madge's Watches from their Effects in Trial, given without any Allowance for such Causes of Error as have been above described, and which are independent of the Merit of its Construction ?

Certainly, I think.

If a Ship sails from England, and after a Voyage of a Month or more touches at a Port where the Longitude is known, cannot a new Rate of the Watch be obtained ?

No; it may be determined by that Means whether the Watch has altered its Rate or not, but if it has, the Quantity of that Alteration cannot be determined, because it cannot be known when the Alteration in the Rate took Place.

In taking a Rate of a Month on Shore, is an Account taken in general of the Time or Times when the Watch altered its Rate ?

It would be, or ought to be, if the Watch altered its Rate in the Course of that Month.

Withdrew.

Doctor Maskelyne.

Have the Watches in which you have Reason to think the Construction the same, gone with equal Excellence ?

I apprehend not, as more Time and Care may have been employed in making and adjusting some than others, particularly a Watch adjusted for Heat and Cold, in Summer, with the Use of artificial Cold, cannot be so well depended on in that Respect, as one adjusted in Winter, with the natural Cold of the Season.

Will the Inference then, from the going of a Watch, to the Merits of its Construction, hold in those Instances ?

No.

Were the Three Watches of Mr. Mudgcs of equal Excellence ?

The Two Watches Green and Blue, at their First Trial, were inferior to the First Time-keeper as tried by me; at the Time of their Second Trial they may have been of equal Merit; and in their Third Trial they were much superior to the First Time-keeper.

10 T Did

Report on Mr. Mudge's Petition respecting his Watches.

898 11° JuniL ^.1793.

Report ob Did y®u infer from these Difereuce* of Che Trials,

PeUtbS£‘ ml ^ffewnce in the Construction? specting bit infer from the Two Watches going best the last Watches. Time, that Mr. Mudge had adjusted them so as to eor-rect the continual Accelerations of their daily Rates, which they were subject to before.

Have not you stated that the Watch made by Mr. Emery for Count Bruhl went better than Mr.

Mudge's ?

Yes, considerably.

Do you infer from thence that the Construction was better ?

Yes.

Was not that Watch (whether better or worse) made upon a Construction of Mr.

Only with respect to the Escapement- — Mr. Emery has stated in his Evidence, that he has used a cylindrical Spring, and put the Compensation for Heat and Cold upon the Balance, and that he had a Contrivance in it to make the large and small Vibrations to be performed in equal Time.

Ib not the Construction of some Watches such, as to depend more than others on the Nicety of the Work* mans hip, and on Methods of which the Workman cannot be sure beforehand ?

Yes

May not Watches, depending on such Contrivances, go occasionally (when the Execution has been successful) , better than others that are upon the Whole more to be relied on ?

Yes, to a certain Degree.

Is it not notorious that Watches, professedly of the same Construction, and sold at the same Price by the same Makers, have some of them gone with great Excellence, and some so ill as to be good for nothing ?

I believe some have gone much better than others, but don't know of any that have gone very ill; and I think most of the Difference has been owing to the Want of-Time and Care in putting the Watches out of Hand.

Would it not be true, in general, that a Watch varying within certain (even not) very small Limits, but that might be depended upon not to exceed those Limits, would be better than One which, though sometimes going with singular Exactness, was liable at others to fall into great Irregularity ?

Yes.

Mr. Wales again.

Whether, between the 39th of 1789 and

29th June 1790, considering that the Watches stopped

5 Days in the intermediate Time, there are not contained

6 Months going of the Watdh ?

No.

How many Days going of the Watch are contained in that Interval ?

One hundred and Seventy-seven.

Withdrew.

Mr. Mudge, Junior, delivers in,

Appendix, . " Extracts and Results, &c. made by his Excellency N#io. it Count Bruhl."

" Comparison of the going of Mr. Mudge'i Two Appendix, " Time-keepers, Green and Blue, with the going of " Twenty-six Time-keepers of Mr. Arnold's, 8cc. &c."

u An Account of the Limits within which Mr. Ar- Appendix, " Mold's Watch, tried by Doctor Maskelyne, in the Year *12, " 1780, and the Petitioner's tried by him in the Year.

" 1790, went throughout their respective Trials from " Day to Day."

" Results of a Variety of Comparisons, &c. &c."

Adjourned till Monday.

(Eighth Day.)

Luna, 27° die Mm, 1793.

Committee on Report of Mr. Ms Petition met

Sir Gilbert Elliot in the Chair.

Mr. Windham,

Mr. Gregor,

Mr. Bragge, and Mr. Ryder.

Mr. Graham,

Delivers in the following Papers; t

Calculations for the Purpose of shewing die Error of Appendix, Mr. Mudge's First Time-keeper at different Periods, ^*‘4-

during the Time it was in the Possession of Admiral Campbell, in the Year 1784.

D° - - D* for the Year 17S5. Appendix,

How many Days of going of the Watch Green, intervened between the 29th December 1789, and the 29th June 1790; considering that the Watch was let' down Five Days in January 1790 ?

One hundred and Seventy-seven.

Is not this less than Six Months ?

Yes; but in calculating the going of the Watches for the Two Periods of Six Months, by applying a daily Rate deduced from the preceding Month of each Period, I have taken Care to compensate son the Loss of those Five Days, by adding Five others immediately succeeding the lost Days in the First Period, and the like Number immediately preceding in the Second Period — the Calculation alluded to, is in the Paper delivered in by me Today.

Had you made the Compensation for those Five

Days, in the Calculation on which you grounded your Evidence before the former Committee?

No; but having done so now, the Results of the Calculations delivered in, justify the Declaration I then made. *

Will 177 Days make Six Months, reckoning by-weekly Months?

More than Six Months — I use the Calendar Months in my Calculation.

Have you made any Calculations of whet would be the Errors of the Watches in Six Months, supposing them to have gone to Sea at the End of the 2*, 3* 4", or 5,fc Month respectively ?

I have not.

On this Part of his Evidence, Mr. Graham desires to observe, that though the Paper, which he delivered in in Support of the Assertion {here contained, appears upon Examination to be erroneous (for which his Excase must be, that the Calculation was made by him while attending at the Hooae of Commons, and engaged with the Business of another Committee, as well as of the present) and that the real Emit is what was afterward* given in by Doctor MaskWyns, yet that the Assertion is still true, if for the Five Days during which the Watclw* wen let down, a Rate be taken, which shall be the Mean of the Rates of the Two Days immediately preceding and following; such a Rate Mr. Graham conceives to be a very proper one to be assumed, particularly as against those by whom the Watches were let down.

133 Geo. III. 11° Junu.

899

If either of the Watches have erred trrore then 4' in any Period of Six Months, after being corrected by the Rate taken from the preceding Month, is not this a Proof, that it has not gosse within the Terms of the Act?

By no means--the Act does not prescribe any parti* cular Mode of taking the Rate.

Supposing that Method of taking a Rate had been prescribed by the Act, what then would have been your Answer to the former Question?

I should have answered, No; for according to the Construction I had put upon the Act when I gave the Answer alluded to before the former Committee, I am of Opinion that if the Watches, upon a Trial of 12 Months, had at the Expiration of Two Periods consisting of Six Months each, the Second beginning at the End of the First, gone within 4', they would have gone within the Limits prescribed by the Act.

Do you mean to give the same Answer, on the Supposition that the Errors of the Watches may have been greater than 4' in some intermediate Periods of Six Months ?

If it had been expressed in the Act, that an Error of more than 4', in any Period of Six Months within the 12 Months Trial, should determine it not to be entitled to the Reward, then a Watch, shewing an Error of more than 4' in any of these intermediate Periods, could not be said to have gone within the Limits of the Act — but the Act directs a Trial of »2 Months to be made, and that the Results in that Trial shall be within 4' upon a Voyage of Six Months, and as there can only be Two such Voyages made in 12 Months, I think, if at the Expiration of each Voyage the Error is not greater than 4', that then the Terms of the Act would be complied with.

Could the Commissioners of Longitude declare and determine under the Act, that the Method afforded by the Watches is generally practicable and Useful, and sufficiently exact to determine the Longitude at Sea within the Limits of the Act, if the Watclie9 have erred 4' in any Period of Six Months Comprized in the Twelve Months Trial?

According to the Construction I have put upon the Act, I think they could.

Doctor Maskelyne.

In the last Question, what Rate do you suppose to be adopted by which the Error is to be estimated ?

I meant a general Question, and suppose no particular Rate, but relative to that Rate which should be thought most reasonable and proper, in the Judgment of the Commissioners of Longitude.

Mr. Graham.

Is not an Opportunity given of corrdcting the Rate of a Watch, as often as a Ship touches at a Place, the Longitude of which is known or can be ascertained?

Certainly.: !

Is there any Cause, besides Weather, to prevent Persons, furnished with proper Instruments, from determining the Longitude-of any Rlace where they land even for a few Hours ?

There are but a few Days in a$iy.Month but what you may determine the Longitude by Lunar Observations — if they have proper Instruments, they may determine it by Jupiter's Satellites.

Within what Limits do yon conceive you can ascertain the Longitude by Lunar Observations with tolerable Certainty?

Vo L. 48.

On Shore, I C«n undertake to say I <All delfermifte it Report on of any Place within tesa than a Quarter of a Degree — I Mr. Madge's have tried the Experiment at almost every Place I was Petition at, and I have Observations by which I determined waters. the Longitude of Newfoundland within a Mile and a Half.

Have you any original -Minutes of Observations that you have made for that Purpose, by which it will appear you have been able to ascertain the Longitude within the Limits which you state ?

Yes. ..... ‘

Do you think there are on Board the generality of Ships, Persons competent to make such Observations with the Accuracy you have mentioned ?

Most Ships of War and Indiameifc

Has not your Method been, to take mean See Ap-Rates of all the Periods, measured from a certain ^en^'lN°* Time to the several Dates of your Observations, and being Cafcu-then to take for the ensuing Rate the Mean of the lations made Whole ? ' by Mr.

Yfg Graham, ex-

planatory of

- - this Method.

Was not this the Method which you actually followed with the Watch before referred to of, Win, Arnold's}

Yea.

.. _ t

What was the common Term in that Instance from which you counted your several Periods ?

The Day on which the First Observation was made, was after the Watch was landed at Newfoundland.

Is not this the Method which you believe yourself to have.followed in the Case of Mr. Madges Watch, of which you have no longer got the Register ?'

Yes.

- 1

WThat was the Term from which you counted your Periods in that Instance ? _ .

The same as in the Case of Mr. Arnold's Watch in the Passage Home from Newfoundland, viz. from the Day of the First Observation being made at John's.

Have you tried this Method in the Case of Mr.

Mudge's Watch, by using Observations of which you have still an Account at the Distance of 37 Days from each other, in the Casa of one. Voyage, and of 31 in the other, being the Length of the respective Voyages?

Yes; and have set forth the.Results^ which I have delivered, in.

- What do you think of the Method used by the Astfonomer Royal in the Choice and Application of a Rate in his Trials at Greenwich, with a View to ascertain the Merits of TuneJceepers upd$r the Act of theri4th?

Having Practice- in View,. I think it; the most improper Qf any Method that can be used for getting a Rate to fgiply to- the going of a Watch upon any Voyage.j. for if, after receiving the Watch, the Person should be detained, so as to be able to jfttke Observations of; its going for Three or Four instead of for One Month, it would be perfectly, absurd to use the Rate found, in the First Month, in Preference to that found in the last.,.

Whether, in case of touching at any Place where the Longitude is known, or could be ascertained, you would not avail yourself- of that Circumstance for correcting the Rate of the Watch?

Certainly; for if upon that Opportunity offering, *1 found that the Watch had been gaining, when I had

been

900

11° Junii. A. 1793.

Report on Mr. Mudge's Petition respectingbie Watche*.

been applying a Rate as if it bad been losing, it would be next to Madness to continue the same Rate to any Voyage that I was to make from that Place.

Whether, in Point of Fact, Navigators do not in general correct the Rate of their Watches when they touch at Places where the Longitude is known?

I have always done it myself, and should suppose that every other Person would do so.

Doctor Maskelyne desires that his Answer to the Question on the 23d of May,

" When you touch at any Port whose Longitude " is known in the Course of a Voyage, cannot you get " a new Rate of going of the Watch from its going '* during the Voyage, may be understood to be a Correction of the Answer given to a Question of similar Import on the 17th of May.

Appendix, N* 2.

A REGISTER of the going of Mr. Madge's Time-keeper at St. John's, Newfoundland,

in the Year 1784.

July 4. Fast of mean Time. h- , „ - 3- 28. 39, 4 Daily Rate. //

8. - - 3. 28. 40, 4 +0, 25

13. - 3. 28. 40, 3 — O, 02

20. - 3. 28. 40,1 — 0,03

24. «. - 3- 28. 48, 5 + 2, 10

29. 3. 28. 51, 2 +o,54

Aug. 7. _ - 3- 28. 53, 8 +0,30

17- m _ - - 3- *9- 9, $ + 1, 60

at - 3. 29. 18, 1 + 2, 07

*5* r - 3- 29. 25, 4 + 1, 82

31- - 3. 29. 28, 6. +o,53

Sept. 5. - 3- 29. 35, 3- + 1, 34

9- - 3. 29. 40,0 + 1,17

13- ah 3- 29. 46, 3 + »,57

17- - 3- 29. 49, 5 +0,80

21. ae - 3- 29. S3, 3 +0,95

27. m - 3- 29. 57, 9 +0,76

Oct 3. m - 3- 30. 5,8 + 1,32

10. m m - 3- 30. 17, 6 +1, 68

16. - 3- 30. 25, 0 +1, 23

21. _ - 3- 30. 32, 5 +1, 50

24. _ - 3« 30. 24, 9 — 2,53

4 July - - - 3. 28. 39,4 24 Oct. - - - 3. 30. 24,9

Days - 112) 1. 45»5(°- o, 9

60

105, 5 100, 8

4,7

By which it appears, that if the first and last Observations are taken, the Mean daily will be,

+0, 9

And by the Sum of daily Rates,

// +0, 25 // 1, 00

+2, 10 8, 40

+0, 54 2, 70

+0, 30 2, 70

+ 1, 60 16, 00

+2, 07 8, 28

+1, 82 7, 28

+0, 50 3, 18

+1. 34 6, 70

+ 1, 17 4, 68

+ 1, 57 6, 28

+0, 80 3, 20

+0, 95 3, 80

+0, 76 4, 56

+ 1, 32 7* 92

+1, 68 11, 76

+ 1, 23 7, 38

+1, 50 7, 50

H3,32

7, 9°

4f

Days - 112)105, 42(0, 94 per Day. 100, 8

4, 62 4,4$

14

33 Geo. Ill

901

11° yunii.

A REGISTER of the going of Mr. Mudge's Time-keeper at St.John's , in the

Year 1785.

By Morning Altitudes By equal Altitudes By Stars with By Evening Altitudes

with a Ramsden Sext. with a Land Quad*. a Land Quad1. with a Ramsden Sext.

Slow of Daily Slow of Daily Slow of Daily Slow of Daily

mean Time. Rate. mean Time. Rate. mean Time. Rate. mean Time. Rate.

June 9. 0.26,6 „ // July 22. 0. 29,1 „ July 15- 0. 38,0 „ Aug. 10. 0. 20,3 tt

— 0,2 + 0,1 ~o,3 0 — M

24. 0.29,7 Aug. 15. 0. 25,7 Sept. 11. 0. 54,1 Sept. 14. 0. 59,6

+ 1,2 — 1,1 + 0,5 ~ M

28. 0. 25,0 00 CO 6 <0 <* 15- 0. 52,1 Oct. 25. 1. 55,9

— 2,7 — 1,0 — M + 3,o

July 5. 0. 44,1 Sept. 15. 0. 57,5 22. 0. 59,6 28. 1. 46,8

+ M — 2,6 — 3,4

10. 0.38,7 23. 1. 18,3 28. 1. 20,1

0,0 — 0,6 — ~ 0,4

13- 0.38,7 Oct. 1. 1. 23,1 30. 1. 20,9

— 1,0 — 1,0

16. 0.41,8 Oct. 24. 1. 44,2

+ 1,8

21. 0.32,6

+ M

25- 0. 28,2

+ 0,4 r

Aug. 1. 0. 25,7

+ 0,3

8. 0. 23,8 1

— 0,6

25- 0. 34,6

Sept. 2. — 0,9

0. 42,0

— 2,7 '

4- 0. 47)4

— 0,4

7- 0. 48,7

— 1,2

»3- 0. 56,2

-1,8

14. 0. 58,0

— 3,2

26. > 37,o

— 0,4

Oct. i- 33,5

Mean daily Rate by Mean daily Rate by Mean daily Rate by Mean daily Rate by

this Account. this Account. this Account. this Account.

— 0,56 by Mean of 1st — 0,47 — 0,48 — 0560

and last Obs.

— o,44 by Mean of — 0,78 — 0,85 — 0,17

daily Errors.

Vol. 48.

10 U

Appendix, N* 3.

Report on Mr. Mudge's Petition respecting his Watches.

Report on Mir. Mudge'i Petition respecting his Watches.

902

11* Junii. A. 1793.

Appendix, N° 3.

CALCULATIONS of the going of Mr. Madge's Time-keeper, in several Periods of Six Weeks, taken from Admiral Campbell's Register of the Years 1784 and 1785; determined by Observations made at St.John's, Newfoundland.

In 1784,

The

Errors

beginning

with

' July 4 'l ' August >5'] f +0. 27,2 >1

11 22 + 0. 39>5

18 29 + 0. 47,1

August 25 September 5 +0. 46,3

i nnrl 12 L +0. 52,4

8 15 V (U1U J ' ending ' 19 26 are ( +0. + 0. 55,9 50,7

22 October 3 + 0. 45,9

29 10 + 0. 50,2

Septembe 5 17 + 0. 5»,2

12 24' +0. 40,4 J

without any Rate being applied.

And in 1785,

June

The

Errors

beginning

with

July

August

September

9\

16

23

30

7

14

21

28

4

11

18

25

1

8

and

ending

15

July 21 ' 1 O -O

28 +0. 1,0

August 4 +0. 4,6

11 +0. 4,8

18 +0. 12,1

25 +0. 5,1

September 1 — o. 8,3

8 > are < — 0. 22,9

15 — 0. 36,4

22 — 0. 58,2

29 — 1. 6,0

October 6 — 1. 0,0

13 — 1. 1,4

20 — 1. 0,2

27 J 0. 48,7 J

without any Rate being applied.

Appendix, N° 4.

COMPARISONS of Periods of Six Weeks, taken from Doctor Maskelyne's Register, corresponding with r the like Comparisons made in the Case of Mr. Harrison.

BLUE:

Between 1st ft 2d Period - - - - o. 10,1

2 & 3 - 0. 30,3

3 & 4 r 1. *1,3

4 & 5 - 0. 11,0

5 & 6 — «- - - - 0. 3,3

6 & 7 - 0. 33,o

7 & 8 - 0. 35,2

Sum of Errors 3- 41,2

GREEN:

Between 1st & 2d Period - - - 0. 1*8,7

2 & 3 ..... 0. 33,2

3 & 4- - 1. 43,6

4 & 5- - 0. 9,9

5 & 6- " - - 0. 13,6

6 & 7" - 0. 34,5

7 & 8- " " - - 2. 27,0

- 6. o,5

The

903

The following are the different Hates which the respective Watches, during the same Length of Trial, shewed °n . in Periods at a considerable Distance from each other. Petition ret*

This Time-keeper was taken to pieces and cleaned about $ Years since, by Mr. Dutton, Jun.

GREEN.

BLUE.

In the Four Months Trial by Doctor Horin the Year 1776, of the First Time-keeper, the daily Rate upon the whole Trial is -In the last Four Months Trial with Count of the same Time-keeper,

ending Jug. 1792, the daily Rate upon the whole Four Months is In Doctor Maskelynes Year's Trial for 1789 to 1790, the daily Rate upon the Whole is ....

In Mr. Duttons last Year's Trial from 1791 to 1792, the daily Rate upon the Whole is ——

In Doctor Maskelyne s Year's Trial from 1789 to 1790, the daily Rate upon the Whole is ——

In Mr. Duttons last Year's Trial from 1791 to 1792, the daily Rate upon the Whole is -

— l, 220

+ 0,876 + 0,655 — o, 724 + 1,289

specting hit Watches.

Appendix, N° 5.

Letter from Mr. Aaron Graham to the Reverend Doctor Maskelyne, Astronomer Royal, &c. &c.

London Street (N® 28) Tottenham Court Road, 5th Dec. 1790.

Sir,

Inclosed I have the Honour to transmit you an Account of the Performance of Mr. Arnold's Watch in a Voyage to and from Newfoundland; to which I have taken the Liberty of annexing an Account of the going of a sriiall one, made for me by Mr. Haley of Street, thinking it may be

worthy the Consideration of the Board of Longitude.

I am, Sir,

Your most obedient

humble Servant,

A. Graham.

Mr. Arnold's Box Watch, N° 82.

/ /t It

Wednesday, 28th July 1790, at Noon, was 7. 23,9 fast of mean Time at Greenwich', its Day Rate +9,374, or gaining on mean Time. In the Evening Mr. Graham received it from Doctor Maskelyne, and carried it in a Coach to London.

2d August, the Watch was carried in the Mail Coach from London to Portsmouth, and on the 3d it was left with Mr. Bailey, Master of the Royal Academy, who kept the following Account of its going:

Day of the Watch too fast for mean

Month. Time at Portsmouth.

3 - - - / 12. 45,5

7 - - 13- 27,0

8 - - - 13* 37,0

9 - - 13- 48,0

10 - - 13- 57,8

11 - - 14* 7,9

12 - - - .1+ 20,1

13 - - - 1+ 31,0

14 - - - 14. 4L9

15 - - - 14. 53,o

16 - - - 15. 5,i

17 - - - 15. 16,4

18 - - - 15- 26,8

!9 - - 15- 37,6

20 - - - 15* 47,4

21 - - - 15- 57,3

Longitude of Portsm. - - 4- 25,0

Watch fast of Greenwich' mean Time - - - }n. 32,3

Vol. 48.

Daily Rate of gaining.

- io,37

- 10,30

- 10,7

9.8

- - 10,1

12.2

- 10,9

- 10,9

ii,i

12.2

- ii,j

- 10,4

10.8

9.8

9.9

H

166,8= 11,12 per Day.

2 2d August,

904 11° Junii. 1793.

Report on 22(1 August, in the Forenoon, Mr. Graham carried the Watch on Board the Salisbury at and on

Petition re* 24th sailed with it for Newfoundland.

spe« ting his b. / „

Watches. 25th Sept. Arrived at St.John's, Newfoundland, when the Watch was fast of © 3. 39. 36

Fast of Greenwich mean Time, 21 Aug. - — 11. 32,3

3- 28. 3,7

Gained since 21st Aug. a. 11,12 per Day - 6. 29,0

3- 21. 34,7

Equation of Time - - +8. 46,2

3- 3o. 20,9

Longitude of St. John's - 3. 29. 44

Error in Time - o. o. 36,9

During Mr. Graham's Stay at St. John's, he had but few Opportunities of making Observations: The only good ones were the following:

Day of the Month.

Sept. 2,5th

Watch fast of St. John's mean Time.

it,

- 3. 48, 22,2

Oct. 3,

17,

- 3- 49- 3i,9

- 3- 51- 40,9

3.

3- 53- 35,2

From which the following Rate was deduced for the Passage Home:

Mean daily Rate of gaining from 25th Sept, to 31st Oct. 8,7

from 3 Oct. to 31 Oct. 9,7

from 17 Oct. to 31 Oct. 8,t

26,5 = 8,83 per Day. " / //

And was fast of Greenwich mean Time, 31 Oct. - - 23. 51,2

3d November sailed from St. John's Newfoundland, and on the

19th in Sight of the Start Point, found the Watch was , y< fast of © - - 28. 56,0

Fast of Greemvich mean Time, 31 Oct. - - — 23. 51,2

5- 4,8

Gained since 31 Oct. a. 8,83 per Day - - — 2. 56,5

2. 8,3

Equation of Time - -f-14 0,7

O iit

16. 9,0=4. 2. 15 West Long.

o / //

Longitude of the Start Point - - - - 3. 51. 15.

Ship was West of the Start Point at the Time of 1 J2 Q Observation ----- -/

----- --4- 3- 15

Error in Longitude - - 0. 1. o

A POCKET

33 Geo. III.

11° ywiii.

905

A POCKET WATCH, made by Haley of JVimpole Street. Report on

Mr. Mudge's Petition re-

21st August, its Rate was settled by Mr. Bailey, Master of the Royal Academy at Portsmouth, to be slow of Greenwich mean Time o'. 56",i, and losing on Mean o'. i",5 per Day.

riu / //

25th September, at St. Johns, Newfoundland, it was fast of o - 3. 19. 22

Slow of Greenwich mean Time, 21st Aug. - - - +56,1

Loss since 21st Aug. a. 1^5 per Day - - - +52,5

Equation of Time ----- - +8. 46,2

3. 29. 56,8

Longitude of St. John's ----- ---- 3. 29. 44,0

Error in Time.....o. o. 12,8

Upon leaving St. Johns, Newfoundland, 31st Oct. it was slow of Greenwich mean Time 2' f,l, and was losing on mean Time 2",5 per Day.

19th Nov. in Sight of the Start Point, it was slow of © 1. 25,5

Slow of Greenwich mean Time, 31st Oct. - - +2. 3,1

o. 33,6

Loss since 31st Oct.a. 2",5 per Day - +47,5 Equation of Time - - - - 14. 0,7

15. 21,8=3. 50. 27 West Long.

OSH

Longitude of Start Point - - 3. 51. 15

Ship West of Start Point, at Time of Observation - - - - 12. o

----- ----- - - - 4. 3. 15

Error in Longitude - - 0. 12. 48

Vol. 48.

10 X

906

1 rjunii.

A. 1793.

Report on Mr. Mudge's Petition respecting his Watches.

Appendix, N* 6.

REMARKS by Mr. Graham, on his Letter sent to Doctor relative to the going of

Mr. Arnold's, and Mr. Haley's Watchesy in 1790.

When I received Mr. Arnold's, Watch from Doctor Maskelyne, on the 28th July, 1790, it was 23', 9, fast of mean Time; and its daily Rate (or gaining upon mean Time) was +9*,374; the Thermometer being 62*. 4'. I was informed in Writing by the Doctor, that an Increase of Ten Degrees in the Height of the Thermometer, occasioned an Acceleration of 4?, 9 on the daily Rate of the Watch. This Account of the Effect of the Thermometer upon the going of the Watch, was true; as appeared by the following Observations made at Portsmouth, previous to the Watch being carried to Sea.

Therm.

August 3.

7- 68 -

8. 69 - -

9- 69,5 - -

10. 70,5 - -

11. 7i -

12. 70 - -

13- 7i m -

14. 70,5 - -

15- 7i - -

16. 72 -

17- 7i - -

18. 72 - -

19. 7i - -

20. 70 - -

21. 70 - -

Mean State of Therm. -Therm. 28 July, at

Increase - -

1056,5

- 70,4

- 62,4

Daily Rate;

+10,37 +10,30 +10,70 + 9>8° +10,10 + 12,20 + 10,90 +10,90 + 11,10 + 12,20 + 11,30 + 10,40 + 10,80 + 9,80 + 9,9°

160,77

Mean daily Rate Portsmouth.

8,0

of Watch at

10,72

9,37 Daily Rate of Watch, 28 July,

----- at Greenwich.

1,35 Therefore, as I found (though

----- not to so great a Degree as

the Doctor's Paper led me to expect) that an Increase in the Height of the Thermometer produced an Acceleration on the going of the Watch; and judging that the mean State of the Thermometer, on the Voyage to Newfoundland, would be about 6o°, (having the Registers of other Voyages to found my Opinion upon) I adopted a daily Rate of,

+ 10",5 for the Use of the Ship, instead of + 10 ,7 which it was when the Therm, was 70*.

That I made use of this (+10",5) and no other Rate (as a daily Rate) during the Voyage, appears in

my common working Book (which I shall beg the Committee's Attention to) from Day to Day. And the

original Work of the Observations, made on the 25th September (in the same Book) will shew that my Letter

to Doctor Maskelyne does not contain the real Account of the Performance of Mr. Arnolds Watch, according to the Rate (+10",5) which was made use of that Voyage; the following being a Copy of die original

Work: ,

n.

25th Septem. Watch fast of o

Watch fast of Greenw. mean Time 21st Aug.

3-

39*

11.

3.

36 32,3 28. 03,7 6. 07,5

56.2

46.2

21

8

Gain since 21st August, a. 10",5 per Day Equation of Time ——

Longitude of St. John's, Newfoundland -Error of the Watch by the Rate made use of for the Ship 0. o. 58,4

3. 30. 42,4 3. 29. 4+0

Instead

33 Geo. III.

Instead of which Iseijt fee Doctor a Statement, as fellows:

25th Septem. Watch fast of © -

Watch fast ef Greeme. mean Time 2 tst

Gain since 2ist Augusta. 11 Day

Equation of Time -

"t.

- a- 39- a6

- T- 11. 32.3

3- 28- 03,7

6. 15,2 3. 21. 48,5 - , - 8. 46,2

3- 30- 34,7

Longitude at St. John's, Newfoundland - - - - 3. 29. 44,0

Error of the Watch by the Portsmouth daily Rate - - o. o. 50,7

907

Report on Mr. Mudge'4 Pe^tion respecting Uis WaVcfeek

The Reason of my sending the last Account, in preference to the one which had been depended on for the use of the Ship, I really and conscientiously believe to have been (for at this distant Period I cannot undertake to speak positively upon the Subject) that when I had the Watch in my Possession, I was informed the Astronomer Royal, and Mr. Arnold, were upon very bad Terms; therefore in making out my Report (which at that Time I had no Idea would ever be made a Public u$e of) I did not care to give the latter Gentleman an Opportunity of complaining that I had arbitrarily adopted a Rate of my own, in order to shew an Error in his Watch, which the Rate to be deduced from the Portsmouth Observations would (and as the Thing turned out did) free it from. This, however, does not serve to shew the Goodness of the Watch, which was evidently affected by the State of the Thermometer; for the Rate (lo",72) that had been so favourable to it when the mean State of the Thermometer was 63°, in the course of Five Weeks (the Thermometer falling to 52) changed to 8', 8; and if, instead of carrying the Watch to the Observatory at Portsmouth, I had sailed from England, depending upon its Rate as given me by Doctor Maskelyne, it would, so far from shewing the Degree of Accuracy which appears upon the Face of my Letter, have erred in the course of the Voyage (consisting of 59 Days) upwards of Two Minutes; viz.

25th Septem. Watch fast of ©

Fast of mean Time at Greenty. 28 July -

Gain since 28th July a. 9",374per Day -

Equation of Time -

- 3- 39- 36

----- -7- 23,9

3* 32. 12,1

- — 9- >3,o

3. 22- 59,1

- + 8. 4b, 2

Longitude of St. John's, Newfoundland

,? 3> 45,3 3. 29. 44,0

Error of Watch by Dr. Maskelyne'$ own Rate

JO. 2- >,3

Which is the proper Rate to be used in making a Comparison between Mr. Arnold's and Mr. Mudge's Watches, in the like Voyages to Newfoundland in 1784 and 1785, as the Rate used on those Voyages was each Time the same Rate as was carried with the Watch from London, without being improved or altered at Portsmouth: And the following are the Results of Observations made on the Days of landing the Watch at St. John's, Newfoundland.

In 1784. 1 4th July. Mr. Mudge's T. K. slow of mean Time ... — 1. 4,6 Slow on 28th May at leaving London - - - — 54,9 La 1785. 9th June. Mr- Mudge's T. K. slow of , „ mean Time - 0. 26,6 Slow on 9th May at leaving London - — -0. 28,2

Loss since 28th May - — 0. 9,7 Should have lost, a. flf'587 per Day, which was the daily Rate on 28th May - - — 0. 21,7 Gain since 9th May - +0. 01,6 Should have gained, a. o",47 per Day, which was the daily Rate on 9th May - +0. 14,6

Error - - 4 0. u,o . 0. 13,0

So that the Error of Mr. Arnolds Watch, in 1790, exceeded (or was greater than) the Error of Mr. Mudge's Watch in 1784, \‘ 49"tV (or Miles of Longitude); and in the Tear 1785, l' 48" (or *7 Miles of Longitude). As to the Statement on the Passage Home, I need only soy, that the Observations were made on board a Ship, in squally and cloudy Weather, with a great S|ea, and the Distance of the Ship from the Land obliged to be estimated, in order to determine the Accuracy of the Watch by. This might have done (as it was intended) very well for the private Satisfaction of Mr. Arnold, rand fee Astronomer Royal, and to shew them of what Use the Watch had been to the Ship; but when real Accuracy is required, I cannot allow that such should be the Method of proving it; and I should haw *f any Error had

appeared in consequence of such Observations, and such estimated Distance, to have brought it forward as Vot. 48. a Proof

908

1 r Junii. 1793.

Reporttn a Proof of the Defect of die Watch. This Observation applies to the going of Mr. s Watch on the Mr. Madge's Passage Home.

specUne Ms called upon to account for the apparent Accuracy of Mr. Haley's Watch on the Passage out to Newfoundland, watches. cannot do it more satisfactorily to myself, nor, I think, in a Manner better to be understood by this Honourable Committee, than by fairly stating, that on my Arrival at Portsmouth the Watch was left at the Observatory there for the Purpose of obtaining a daily Rate for it, which Mr. Haley could not give me when I received it from him in London; and the Results of Mr. Bailey's Observations were as follow:

Daily Rate.

August 12. //

4-5,7

13- — 1,1

14- -

4-1,8

15- — 1,0

16. 0,0

17- + 1,3

18. — 2,1

>9- -3,8

20. — 0,5

21.

The daily Rate or Mean of the Sum of the above - +0,03

The Watch was this Day fast of Portsmouth mean Time -Portsmouth slow of Greenwich Time ——

Watch slow of Greenwich mean Time....

/ it

3. 228,9 4- 25,0

o. 56,1

But instead of using this Rate (of gaining o",03 per Day) I reasoned upon the going of Mr. Haley's Watch according to the State of the Thermometer, as I had done upon the going of Mr. Arnold's, in consequence of the Paper given with it by Doctor Maskelyne, and adopted as a daily Rate i",5 losing on mean Time, which was used on the Passage to Newfoundland, as may be seen by my Book of Observations now' before the Committee; and the following was the Result on the Ship's Arrival at St. John's:

U* / //

25th Septem. Watch fast of O - - - 3. 19. 22

Watch slow of mean Time 21st August - -f-o. 56,1

Loss since 21st Aug. a. i",5 per Day - - - - +0. 52,5

Equation of Time - - - - -j-8. 46,2

3- 29. 56,8

Longitude of St. John's, Newfoundland - - - 3. 29. 44,0

Error of the Watch by Mr. Graham's assumed Rate - o. 0. 12,8

If the Portsmouth Rate had been used in the Statement made to Doctor ,instead of the above

Degree of Accuracy, the Watch would have shewn an Error of o'. 40", 75; for,

h- , „

3. 19. 22 +0. 56,10 3. 20. 18,10 — o. 01,05 3. 30. 17,05 4-8. 46,20

35th Septem. Watch fast of ©

Watch slow on the 21st Aug.

Gain since 21st Aug. a. 0,03 per Day Equation of Time -

Longitude of St.John's, Newfoundland

3. 29. 03,25 3. 29. 44,00

Error of Mr. Haley's Watch by using Portsmouth Rate - o. o. 40,75

Therefore allowing that the Doctor may be right in rejecting my assumed Rate, and trying Mr. Arnolds Watch by the Rate deduced from the Portsmouth Observations, yet surely he must be wrong in rejecting the Portsmouth Rate and accepting my assumed Rate for the Trial of Mr. Haley's Watch only, because the same Rate applied to both will not answer his Purpose.

I offer no Comment upon the Conduct of Doctor Maskelyne in producing a private Letter of mine, without my Consent; which, if I had not by mere Accident had in my Possession such Proofs as (I trust) account reasonably for my writing it, would not only have deprived an ingenious Artist of my Evidence, but have impeached my Veracity upon every other Occasion. I have studiously avoided unnecessary Prolixity, but hope in so doing 1 have.not been too concise to render my Meaning intelligible.

33 Geo. Ill

11° J-unii.

909

Appendix, N° 7.

LETTER from Mr. Edward Everard to the Reverend Doctor Maskelyne, Astronomer Royal, &c. &c.

Dear Sir,

Since I had the Pleasure of writing you, Mr. Arnold has sent me his Publication, and the going of my Watch, as there stated. I have examined, and I believe it very accurate. At Foot I send you the different Comparisons at Greenwich and Lynn, made with my Watch: I do not recollect whether you have them all or not. — I have not yet seen Mr. Mudge's Pamphlet, but expect it within a few Days; and am,

Dear Sir,

Your obliged and obedient Servant,

Lynn, 4th Mar. 179 1786. J31st. 2. Long. of Lynn, East of Greenwich, Watch comp4 there / - I. EdvA Everard. In*Time. 33,13-

Feb. 10. D® - - - Watch comp4 1 at Lynn - - - 1. 36,58.

Apf 18. June 18. D® - - - D® - - at Greenwich - - - 1. 33,04-

D® - - - D* - - at Lynn - - - 1. 37,73.

July 29. D® - - - D® - - at Greenwich - - - 1. 34,30.

Aug. 4. D® - - - D® - - at Lynn - - - 1. 37,07-

Noo. 17. D® - - - D® - - at Greenwich - - - 1. 32,90.

1788.

Apf 20. D® - - - D® - - at Greenwich - - - I. 33,39-

June 11. D* - - D® at Lynn - - - 1. 37,17-

J26. D® - - - D® - - at Greenwich - - - 1. 34,12.

1789.

Apf 26. June 1. D® - - - D® - - at Greenwich - 1 - I. 34,50.

D® - - - D® at Lynn - - 1. 32,00.

Appendix, N® 8.

EXTREME Differences of Daily-Rates of Mr. Arnold's Time-keepers tried at the Royal Observatory.

1779 Eei. 1. to June 30. 1780.

1782 Oct. 31. to Mar. 25. 1783.

1783 April 22. to June 16.

1782 Beef 4. to Bee 15.

1782 Bee 15. to June 7.

1782 Bee 27. to June 1.

1783 Jan. 6 to Mar. 12.

1783 July 28. to Septr 5.

1783 Oct. 7. to Bee 24.

1784 Jan. 2. to Mar. 8.

1784 Jan. 16 to Feb. 27.

1784 Mar. 29. to April 18. -1784 Mar. 29. to April 18. -1784 May 18. to July 5.

1784 May 26. to June 19.

1784 June 21. to August 21. -1784 June 6. to Oct. 15.

1786 Aug. 12 to 29.

1786 Aug. 12. to Sept. 29.

1786 Sept. 16. to 29.

1788 Jan. 14. to Feb. 26.

1790 April 7. to July 28.

1791 June 16. to July 20.

1791 June 21. to July 20.

1791 July5. to Aug. 8.

1792 Dec. 3. to April 3. 1793.

515 Day: 146 D#

55 D*

11 D# 174 D° 156 D® 61 D®

39 D# 78 D® 65 D*

42 D* 20 D® 20 D® 48 D® 24 D®

61 D®

132 D® 48 D® 48 D®

13 D®

43 D® 112 D®

34 D® 29 D®

34 D® 121 D®

* — 3,95 to + 2,74: +11,04 to + 1,63:

— 7,74 to + 0,27:

+ 4,11 to + 8,43: + 8,76 to — 2,04: +15,52 to + 0,67:

— 4,36 to + 0,64: + 4,17 to — 2,44: + 11,56 to + 3,19: + 9,99 to — 0,07:

: 6,69

= 9.40

: 8,01/

- 4,32

:#i0,8o: 14,85: 5,00

: 6,61

N® 36.

Pocket Watch 69.

N® 34.

N® 55-N® 64.

N° 12. Box T. K, N* 47.

N® 7+-Pocket W.

+ 4,53 to — 5,35= 9,88 N® 88.

+ 5,33 to — 3,02 = 8,35 N® 47-

+ 1,14 to — 1,17= 2,31 N® 54.

+ 5,9i to — 1,74= 7,65 N® 59-

+ 9,32 to -f 1,46= 7,86] - N® 61

+ 18,66 to + 7,35 — n,3ij

+ 9,49 to — 1,92= 11,41 N" 15.

+ 3,20 to — 0,10=5 3,30 N® 85.

+ 7,16 to — - 1,75= 8,91 N® 11.

4- 5,07 to — 1,28= 6,35 N" 80.

+36,80 to + 24,00= 12,80 N ®

— 3,12 to 4- 10,01 = 13,13 82.r

+ 2,92 to + 9,87= 6,95 N* 176.

— 2,22 to + 0,82= 3,04 N® 14.'

+ 1,38 to + 21,27= 19,89 N® 18.'

+ 5,54 to + 1,70= 3,84 N® 38.'

K.

Mean - 8,50

This Watch, on June 8, went faster by 14 than on the preceding or following Day, which is not reckoned in the above Result, f This Watch, on Nov. 32, went faster by 24 than on the preceding or following Day, which is not reckoned in the above Result.

VOL. 48. 10 Y

Report on Mr. Mudge*s Petition respecting his Watches.

910

Report on Mr. Mudge's Petition respecting hie Watches.

11° Junii. . 1793.

Appendix, N® g.

REMARKS, from Journal, relating to the going of Mr. Arnold's Time-keeper in a Voyage to and from the East Indies, by Mr. Joseph Lindley, late Assistant at the Royal Observatory.

*## The Error of the Longitude, given by the Time-keeper, is expressed in Minutes and Seconds of a Degree.

2d Voyage. Henry Dundas.

March 26 quitted London.

March, 30, 1790,

Long, of Deal, per Time-keeper

l. 24.39 E.

1. 20.22 E. 1. 17.46

i !n o i^F } Error o. 1. >9.2,1 E. /

March 31, 1790,

Long, of Dover Castle, per T. K.

per J. Lindley s W.

Mean of Two Gen* Roy's Long.

April 10.

The Main Spring of my Watch broke.

April 15.

Long, of the S. W. Rock of the Salvages, per Time-keeper -

Lat. - 30- 3-35* N.

N. E. Island of D® Long, per Timekeeper -

Lat. D* 30. 16.U N.

April 17.

Peak of Teneriffc, Long, per T. K. -D® - - - - Long. Naut. Aim*

Supposing the Longitude of the Peak of Teneriffe right, the Time-keeper erred only j'.a* of Longitude (or 4", 2 nearly of Time) from 26th March last.

April 28. . / //

Longitude, per Time-keeper - - - - 21. 7.47 W.

D® - per Eclipse of 1, mean of]

7 Observations of Beginning, End, [21. 15. 9W.

&c. - ..... J

15- 55 56 W.

15- 38 52 W.

W')Error

l6. 29.24 J

Diff. 7.22 Error.

May 15.

Long, of the largest of the Rocks of Martin\ *

>28. 48.59 W.

Vas, in Lat. 20. 29.15 T. K.

Per 32 Lunar Obs per J. L. 28. 47-47 W.

11 D° per Gold"® - - 28.50.11

Man 20

'ay 20.

The T. K.

altered its Rate

- Mean 28. 48.59 Error ©.

June 11.

Long, of Cape Good Hope, per T. K.

O / /✓

17- 53-40

Long, of Cape Toun, per Obs" 18. 23.15 E. Diff. Long, of Town and P'l -r.

perHuddart - - j 5'3°£

Long, of Cape, per Obs" Errors of Time-keeper

18. 28.45

35- 5 W,r.

July 29, 1790.

Long, of Katiaway Island near Bombay, per\ P

T. K.....J73‘ 3 7t‘

- - - - 72- 57- o E.

D® per Lunar Observations Error of T. K. from the Cape

16.17 E.

At

33 Geo. III.

-911

Yot. 48.

At Bombay the Timfe-lreeper was suffered to go down.

From Bombay to Batavia, from 2 2d Sept, to 29th Oct.

Long. of W. find of toBabee, T. K. East! ' v of Bombay ... I . 33- 2. 0 E.

Long, of Bombay - - - 72. 57. o

Long, of Bub Bdbee, W. Epd - 165. 59. 6 E. Long, of PuloBabee, per Lunar Observation! n(- ,n v on our Return from China - - -)'06' 33 53 E'

Error of T. K. - - - 24.27 W.

From Batavia to China an Accident happened to the Time-keeper, the Mate giving it

a Blow with his Foot.

From China to Anger Point — sailed from 2d Bar, Mar. 12th, 1791.

April 1, 1791.

Long. Pub Supata, per T. K. -Lunar Observations

April 7, 1791. '

1 Pub Auroe, Long, per T. K. -Lunar Observations.

April \ 7, 1791.

‘ Monopin Hill, per T. K.

Lunar Observ* Meain of 30 -

April 29.

Town alt Anger Poin"Long, per T. K. Lunar Observation^ -

- 109. 10.31 E. j-Error

- 109. 13* 0 E.

- 104. 32.18 E. TV jError

- 104. 33. 0 E.

- 105. 10.54 E. ErrOr

- 105. 18.22 E. _

- 105. - 106. 49- 4 o.45 E.' E.. Error

/ // 2.29

/ // 0.42.

/ ft

7.28.

/ ✓✓ 11.41.

The longitude of the Ship Lord Thurbw, at Anchor in Anger Bay, very near the Town, per a smalt T. K. of Silver made by Arnold, was

h ✓ // 7. 4.

///*, 106.0.13 E.

Agreeing Exactly with his Lunalr Observations, lift. had been in Possession of this

Watch ii Years, and says it gave the Long, of Canton very nearly exact from England,

A Gold Watch, which J. Bindley lent Captain Chatpeld, of the 0 ,

Rodney, gave the Long, of Calcutta (from Engtf) - - - 88. 25 E.

and per Eclipses of Jupiter's Satellites, the Long, is - 88. 26 E.

Error - - o. I

J. Bindley.

Appendix, N° 10

Report on Mr. Mudge's Petition respecting his Watches.

912

A, 1793.

11° Junii.

Appendix, N° 10.

Report on EXTRACTS and RESULTS from various Registers of the going of Mr. s First Timekeeper,

Mr. Mudge'6 made and calculated by his Excellency Count

Petition J ______________________________________________

respecting his Watches. REGISTERS of Mr. Mudgs First Time-keeper, kept by Mean Daily Rate. Greatest Difference on any Two Days. Greatest Difference on Two succeeding Days. Mean Daily Rate of the Week preceeding its being let down. Mean Daily Rate of the Week succeeding to its being let down.

Dr. Hornsbyfrom June 20th, to Oct. 31st, 1776, (being Four Months and Eleven Days.) // — 1,231 // 4,35 // 3,2

Dr. Maskelyne, from Nov. 12th, 1776, to Nov. 30th, 1777, (being One Year and Eighteen Days.) +2,771 7,2 3,06

Count Bruhl, from April 18th, 1780, to May yth, 1782, (being a Year and Nineteen Days.) — 2,396 4,10 2,4

Count Bruhl, from Dec. .5th, 1785, to May 29th, 1786, preceding Mr. s Departure for Gotha, who sent the T. K. back in the Spring of 1789. — 0,639 2,85 1,875

Count Bruhl, from May 20th, 1789, to Dec. 5th, of that Year, (being Six Months and Fifteen Days.) + 0,28 4,28 2,58

Count Bruhl, from Feb. 2d, 1791, to Sept. 30th, 1792, being Nineteen Months and Twenty-eight Days. — 1,608 4,49 2,5 — 1,55 — i,59 — o,55 — 1,92 — 2,16 — 0,86 — 0,79 — 1,52

Count Bruhl, from Sept. 30th, to Dec. 8th, 1792, (being Two Months and Eight Days.)* 0 to r-. 1 1,66 Mean — 2,08 — 1,538 — 1,98 — 1,462

Count Bruhl, from Dec. 21st, 1792, to May 21st, 1793, the T. K. having been regulated for sidereal Time, since 13th of Dec. + 1,427 2,33 2,33

Mr. Zach, from June 29th, to Oct. 9th, 1786. +0,141 o,75

The Berlin Ephemeris for the Years 1789, 90,91, 92, 93, and 94, This is made a distinct Period, in

contain ample Accounts of the Observations which that able Astronomer Sf.^ue"c* °{nth*J[e ^av, ng ~our

, v , ~ . Observations in the Course of it, no lwo

U83 DlOuC With the 88.016 lline-keeper. of which happened on succeeding Days,

Note. The Two Trials, the one commencing from Dec.5th, 1785; and which accounts for the Column stating

ending with May29th, 1786, and the other beginning with May 20th, the Difference on Two Days in Succession,

and closing with Dec. 5th, 1789, fell within a Period of Four Years, during avu>81,0 Flgnre® "lt>

which the Time-keeper was neither cleaned nor adjusted.

The following Calculations refer to the Register which begins with February 2d, 1791, and ends with Sept. 30th, 1792, the computed Losses are the Products of the Loss in every Month (or 30 Days) -f- by 6, immediately preceding the Periods of Six Months to which it is applied.

Computed Losses. Actual Losses. Errors.

5- M,7 6. 28,4 i- *3,7

4. 39.3 5- 29,4 0. 50,1

7- 5+6 6. 22,4 1. 32,2

8. 4,6 6. 27,6 1. 37,2

5- 57,6 4. 1,6 1. 56,0

5- 15,1 2. 47,7 2. 27,4

6. 26,8 3. 12,2 3. 1+6

2. 16,6 3- 5,i 1. 33,5

2. 5L9 3- 46,0 0. 5+1

mean Error 1. 42,8

Note. In the above Trial there were some long Intervals in which the Time-keeper was not observed, which has been the Reason why only Nine Results have been obtained.

g

CQ

i fr

FT

CD

CL

cr

o

o

n

Appendix, N®n.

° COMPARISON of the going of Mr. Mudges Two Time-keepers, Green and Blue, with the going of the Twenty-six Time-keepers of Mr. Arnold, tried at the Royal Observatory; an £ Account of the Extreme Differences in the Daily Rates of which, during their respective Trials, has been delivered to the Committee by the Astronomer Royal.

Mr. MUDGE's. Mr. ARNOLD'S.

f — ----- ----- ---- T ' 1 ' ^--" r' " " — " - N

BLUE, from 14 D 1790 to 1 June 1792 - Extreme Differences. 515 Days. D. 3,82 N® 36. from 1 Feb. 1779 to 30 June 1780 515 Days m Extreme Differences. 6,69

D° - - 24 June 1789 to 17 Nov' zz 146 D. M. 4,02 N® 69. P. W. 31 Oct. 1782 to 25 Mar. 1783 ZZ 146 - 9,41

D° - - 17 Naif to 11 Jan. 1790 zz 55 D. M. 3,10 D® 22 April 1783 to 16 June zz 55 8,01

D® - - 11 Jan. to 27 Jan. — 11 D. M. 3,18 N® 34. 4 Decf 1782 to 15 Dec. — 11 - 4,32

GREEN 24 June 1789 to 16 Deer — 174 D. M. 6,12 N® 55. 15 Decf 1782 to 7 June 1783 = 174 m 10,80

D® - - 16 Decf 1789 to 26 May 1790 — 156 D. M. 7,41 N® 64. 27 Decf 1782 to 1 June 1783 *56 - 14,85

BLUE - 27 Jan. 1790 to 29 Mar. - 6l D. M. 2,77 N° 12. B. T. K. 6 Jan. 1783 to 12 Mar. = 61 5,00

D° - - 29 Mar. 179° to 7 May — 39 D. M. 2,69 N" 47- 28 July 1783 to 5 Sept. zz 39 - 6,61

D° - - 1 June 1792 to 18 Aug. zz 78 D. 1,51 N® Tir P- W. 7 Oct. 1783 to 24 Decf zz 78 - 8,37

D° - - 18 Aug. 1792 to 26 Oct. — 65 D. 1,50 D® 2 Jan. 1784 to 8 Mar. 65 - 10,06

D° - - 26 Oct. 1792 to 7 Dec. zz 42 D. 1,65 N® 88. 16 Jan. 1784 to 27 Feb. 42 - 9,88

D# - m 7 May 1790 to 27 May — 20 D. M. 1,43 N® 47- 29 Mar. 1784 to 18 April 18 April zz 20 m 8,35

D° - - 27 May 1790 to 16 June — 20 D. M. 0,96 N® 54. 29 Mar. 1784 to — 20 m 2,31

D° - - 7 Decf 1792 to 26 Jan. 1793 = 48 D. 1,83 N® 59. 18 May 1784 to 5 July 48 - 7,65

GREEN - 14 Decf 1790 to 7 Jan. 1791 24 D. 2,75 N® 6t. P. W. 26 May to 19 June 1784 = 24 7,86

D° - - 7 Jan. 1791 to 9 Mar. zz 61 D. 1,80 D® 21 June 1784 to 21 Aug. zz 61 11,31

D® - m 9 Mar. 179* to 19 July — 132 D. 2,78 N° 15. 6 June 1784 to 15 Oct. — 132 - 1*1,41

BLUE - 26 Jan. 1793 to 15 Mar. 48 D. 1,06 N® 85. 12 Aug. 1786 to 29 Sept. = 48 - 3,30

GREEN - 19 July 1791 to 5 Sept. — 48 D. 2,50 N° 11. 12 Aug. 1786 to 29 Sept. 48 8,91

BLUE - <16 June 1790 to 29 June 13 D. M. 1,37 N® 80. 16 Sept. 1786 to 29 Sept. i3 - 6,35

GREEN - 5 Sept. 1791 to 18 Oct. = 43 D. 2,39 — 14 Jan. 1788 to 26 Feb. 43 12,80

o D° - m 18 O 1791 to 25 Feb. 1792 zz 112 -D* 4,87 N® 82. T. K. 7 April 1790 to 28 July zz 112 - - 13,13

N D° - - 26 May 1790 to 29 June zz 34 D. M. 3,56 N® 176. T. K. 16 June 1791 to 20 July zz 34 - - 6,95

D° - - 25 Feb. 1792 to 25 Mar. zz 29 D. 2,92 N° 14. T. K. 21 June 1791 to 20 July zz 29 - 3,04

D° - - 25 Mar. 1792 to 30 April zz 34 D. 3,57 N° 18. T. K. 5 July 1791 to 8 Aug. S2 34 - - - 19,89

D° - - 30 April 1792 to 29 Aug. 121 D. 4,26 N® 38. T. K. 3 Decf 1792 to 3 April 1793 = 121 - - - 3,84

26) 75,82 Mean - 2,92 Mean 26) 221,10 8 9 5°

The Periods used in the above Comparison are taken, without any Selection, as they naturally present themselves in the Order of Time; except that the Trial by the Astronomer Royal, not admitting of a sufficient Number of Days from the First Period, Mr. Dutton's Trial was had Recourse to in order to supply it; afterwards each Trial is pursued regularly on Doctor Maskelyne's Register, as long as it will afford a sufficient Number of Days for the respective Periods, and if it leaves a small Remainder, not sufficient for the next Period, but

large enough for some of the subsequent Ones, it is resorted to again as soon as the Lengths of them will admit of the Whole being made Use of The Periods marked D. M. are taken from Doctor Maskelynes Register, and those marked with a single D. from Mr. Dutton's. Some of them will appear to consist of a greater Number of Days than the Number set against them, which is occasioned by the Time-keepers having been sometimes let down.

S3 Geo. III. 11° Junii. 913

0

-g 2

a S. -3

S- a f 2 3-

C6 (JQ 3 C _ r- O

tr!3te 3

CO

D

cq

N'

CD

CL

CT

Appendix, N# T2; .

An ACCOUNT of the Limits within which Miv Arnold's Watch, tried by Doctor Masktlyne in the Year 1780, and the Petitioner's, tried by him in the

Year 1790, went throughout their respective Trials from Day to Day.

CO

00

3S*Ge6. Ill

WJunii.

915

Appendix, N* 13.

Report on Mr. Mudge's Petition respecting his Watches.

RESULTS of a Variety of Comparisons made from different Registers of the going of Mr. Mudge's Three

Time-keepers.

ERRORS of Mr. Mudge's First Time-keeper in several Periods of Six weeks, by Comparison with the preceding Six Weeks, by the Trial of Doctor Hornsby in 1776.

Gained <

n

5,92

3,38

3,23

4,83

11,88

15,25

24,45

27,34

8) 1. 36,28

Mean Error - o. 12,3 Note. — As this Trial only lasted Four Months and Eleven

1, ... — Days, in order to get Eight Comparisons, the several Periods are obtained by dropping a Week each Time, in the same Manner Doctor Maskelyne has done in his Table at the End of his Pamphlet.

ERRORS of the First Time-keeper in several Periods of Six Weeks, by Comparison with the preceding Six Weeks, by Doctor Maskelyne t, Trial of 15 Months, from Nov. 1776 to Feb. 1778.

Gained

Lost

Gained

so. <7,78

°. 43,18

U- 10,05

|o. 10,04

|o. 3,20

so. 0,21

°‘ 12,39

0. 28,91

1. 1,13

to. 23,63

io)4. 30,52

Mean Error - o. 27,05 ' Note. — In these Comparisons the Several Periods have no

r — i Parts in common, as is the Case when they are obtained by dropping a Week, but are distinct and separate from each other*

ERRORS of the First Time-keeper in several Periods of Six Weeks, by Comparison with the preceding Six Weeks, during Count Bruhl' % Trial, from 1780 to May 1781.

1 . 1 ..

/ // .

Lost o. 27,93

Gained o. 22,91

Lost o. 49,10 , .

Lost o. 36,70

Gained o. 15,19 _ ,

Gained o. 42,97

Lost o. o,6p,

Gained o. 11,86 .

8) 3. 27,26- These Periods are also distinct from each other.

----- ---- 1 .

Mean Error - o. 25,91. '

1 , 1 .

" . i i ' . C

Memorandum. — The Time-keeper, during this Trials was carried several Joumies, amounting in the Whole to about One thousand Miles. It is also deserving Notice, that in Six several Intervals, occasioned by Journies, consisting of the following Number of Days 23, 17,12f 1-6, 7, 16, and 10, upon observing the Watch on returning from each Journey, it was not found in iny One of them to have -changed its daily Rate to the Amount of One Second.

Vol. 48.

The

A. 1? 93.

11° .

mP°m T ' , T*le fol, owinS Comparisons are taken from the Registers kept by Mr. Button, of the going of the Two Petition Time-keepers, since their last Trial ended at the Royal Observatory.

respecting his Watches.

ERRORS of the Time-keepers, in several Periods of Six Months, during the First Year of Mr. Duttons Trial, by applying a Rate from the Month preceding each Period.

BLUE;

Lost

Gained

Lost

6) 7- 4,84

Mean Error 1. 10,81

GREEN.

6. 23,70

Lost ®' *«-|9 o. 02,85

[o. 06,86

Gained 0. 5,62

Lost 1. 31,79

6) 8. 37,71 1. 26,28

The First Result as to Green, in the above, is a considerable one, but it seemS fair to presume, that it was chiefly owing to the increased elastic Force of the Springs, arising from the Time-keepers having been let down, and continued so by Dr. Maskelyne, for the Five Months which intervened between the End of his Trial, and the Beginning of Mr. Duttons.

ERRORS of the Time keepers, in several Periods of Six Months, during the Second Year of Mr. Duttons Trial, by applying a Rate from the Month preceding each Period.

Mean Error

BLUE. GREEN.

/ // / .

2. 15,23 2- 18,53

3- 38,58 0. 24-73

3- 00,42 1. 48,16

2. 51,42 5- 38,05

2. 53,62 6. 28,92

1. 14,26 i- 22,97

6) 15- 53,53 6)18. 1,36

- 2. 38,92 3- 0,23

The greatest Difference of the Time-keepers from themselves in the foregoing Two Years Trial by Mr as follows: Blue differed in the First Years"?, and in the Second Year 4"^ j and Green differed in the and in the Second Year 6

is

First Year

In the above Instances the Trials by Mr. Dutton have been considered as Two distinct ones of a Year each, and in that Case there are afforded from the Two Trials Twelve Periods as to each Time-keeper. But if the Periods had been calculated from the whole Time, as from a continued Trial of Two Years, then it would have afforded 18 Periods of Six Months; as follows:

Mean Error

BLUE. GREEN.

✓ 0 ✓ //

1. 52,53 6. 23,70

0. 55,67 0. 2'.,89

1. 30,10 0. 02,85

1. 46,79 0. 06,86

0. 10,31 0. 05,62

0. 49,44 1. 3L79

1. 9,90 2. 23,58

1. 37,84 4- 15,00

0. 29,71 3- 53,66

2. 42,11 0. 26,21

1. 00,63 3- 01,85

0. 15,05 3- 40,50

2. 15,23 2. 18,53

3- 38,58 0. 24,73

3- 00,42 1. 48,16

2. 51,42 5. 38,05

2. 53,62 6. 28,92

1. 14,26 1. 22,97

18) 30. 13,61 18) 44- 19,87

- 1. 40,76 2. 27,77

917

33 Geo. III. 1 \° Junii.

Appendix, N° 14. Report od

Mr. Mudge's Petition re-

CALCULATIONS made by Mr. Graham, for the Purpose of shewing the Error of Mr. Madges «p««u"gk" First Time-keeper, at different Periods during the Time it was in the Possession of Admiral Campbell, >'atc"*s‘ in the Year 1784-

31st May, 1784. Mr. Mudge's Time-keeper was delivered by his Excellency Count Bruhl to Admiral Campbell, and with it a Set of Observations, made between the 26th of April and the 28th of May, by which it appeared, that the Time-keeper was oti the 28th of May 54",9 slow of Greenwich mean Time, and was losing on mean Time o'',587 per Day.

On the Arrival of the Time-keeper at John's, the

4th of July, it was slow of Greenwich mean Time -

Slow on the 28^1 May -

— 1. 4,6 — 0. 54,9

Loss since 28th May - — o. 9,7

Should have lost a. o",587 per Day - - — o. 21,7

Error

+0. 12,0

During the Admiral's Stay at St.John's, the State of the Time-keeper was,

On the 10th August - o. 45,4 slow of mean Time,

16th September - - - - o. 4,7 fast of mean Time.

23d October - - - - 0. 43,5 fast of mean Time.

From which the following Results were produced, by finding and applying a daily Rate, in the Manner which a Rate was applied to the going of Mr. Arnold's Time-keeper, in a Voyage from Newfoundland, in the Year 1790, and approved of by the Astronomer Royal.

10th August, Time-keeper slow of Greenwich mean Time - - — 0. 45,4

Slow 4th July - - - — 1. 4,6

Gain since 4th July ----- +0. 19,2

Should have lost o ',40 per Day - - — o. 14,8

Error

16th September, Time-keeper fast of Greenwich mean Time Slow 10th August -

Gain since 10th August Should have gained o'', 16 per Day

23d October, Time-keeper fast of Greenwich mean Time Fast 16th September

Gain since 16th September Should have gained 0^,76 per Day

- +0. 34,0

- +6. 4,7

- — o. 45,4

+0. 50,1

+0. 5,9

+ 0. 44,2

+0. 43,5

+0. 4,7

- +0. 38,8

- +0. 28,1

+0. 10,7

Vol. 48.

11 A

A. 1793.

11° yunii.

Report on Mr. Mudge'g Petition ok-speotkig his Watches.:

i,

Appendix, N# 15.

CALCULATIONS made by Mr. Graham, for the Purpose of shewing the Error of Mr Mudgcs First Time-keeper, at different Periods during the Time it was in the Possessipp of AdpairaJ Campbell, in the Year 1785. '

9th May 1785, Mr. Mudge's Time-keeper was delivered by his Excellency Count BruhlXo Admiral Campbell, and with it a Mem* shewing that it was 2 8", 2 slow of Greenwich mean Time, and gaining on mean Time o",47 per Day.

On the 9th of June (the Day of landing the Time-keeper at St. John's Newfoundland,) it was,

Slow of Greenwich mean Time Was slow on the 9th of May

/ b

— 0. 26,6 — p. 28,2

Gain since 9th May - - ' *

Should have gained a. o",47 per Day

- +0. oi,6

- +0. 14,6

Error - — o. 13,0

During the Admiral's Stay at St. Johns, the State of the Time-keeper was.

Qn the 10th July

10th August -10th September l i, th October -

/ b

- °* 38,7 slow of mean Time.

- o. 25,0 slow of mean Time.

- o. 52,3 slow of mean, Tiipp.

- 1. 40,1 slow of mean Time.

From which the following Results were produced, by applying a daily Rate in the same Manner as l$s.t Year: '

10 July, Time-keeper slow of mean Time -

slow gth June -

Loss since 9th June -

Should have gained a. +o'',07 per Day

— 0. 3»)7 - — o. 26,6

- — 0. 12,1

- +0. 2,2

Error - — 0. 14,3

loth August, Time-keeper slow of mean Time

slow on 10th July -

Gain since 1 oth July

Should have lost a. — o",23 per Day

- — 0. 25,0

- — 0. 38,7

- +0. 13,7

- — o. 7.1

Error - o. 20,8

— / //

1 oth September, Time-keeper slow of mean Time - — o. 52,3

slow 10th August - 0. 25,0

J‘ Loss since 1 oth August - o. 27,3

Should have gained a. +q", 14 per Day - - - +0. 4,3

Error - — 0. 31,6

1 ith October, Time-keeper slow of mean Time - — 1. 40,1

slow 10th September - — 0. 52,3

Lost since »oth September..... — o, 47,8

Should have lost a. — 0",34 per Day - - — 0. 10,5

Error - — o. 37,3

33 Gfco, III.

11° Junii.

Appendix, N* 16.

y ... *

AN ACCOUNT having been published by Doctor in N* XVI. of the Appendix to his Pam-

phlet, of the going of the Watches Green and Blue, in 42 Periods of Six Weeks each, according to Two Bates, one taken from the preceding Week, and the other from the preceding Six Weeks, Mr. Mudge desires to correct some Errors which there occur, lest they should affect the Judgment to be formed of the Watches.

True Results

Doctor's Tables.

Errors in Excess.

Comp"

6 Weeks with 6 Weeks.

Comp" by applying a Rate from preceding Week to Periods of 6 Weeks.

From March 15 to April 26. / t* - - - +0.35- - - - § tf +2.35. / // - - - 2. 0.

April 12 to May 24. - - - — 1.46... - - — 2^. - - - 0.53.

26 to June 7- - - -I — 2.45. -'3-45- - - - 1.00.

( Aug- 1 19 to Septi 30. - - -! +0.1-4. +0.26. - - - 0.12.

Sfept. 9 — |Oct. 21. - - - — 0.47. - - - *-0.51. - - - 0. 4.

Nov. 4 — Dec. l6. - - +0. 8. - - -" +0.17. - - - 0. 9.

i Dec. 30 — Feb. *5- . - - - -f 0.24. - - - +o.'£6. 0. 2.

\ I^b. 1 — !Mar. J5: . — 1 i — 0.46. ----- -^1.27. - - - 0.41.

Mar: 15 — Apr, 26. ' +0.32. - - - + 1.32. 1.00.

Mar. 22 — May 3: - - - <-1:50.- — 7.50. 6.00.

v Apr. 12 — May 24. - - - — 1.07. - - - — 2.00. - - - 0.52.

J I ' 1-0.54./ - - 23-48. 12.53.

Comp"

6 Weeks with preceding Week.

Aug:

Sept.'

Sept'.

May-

26 to Oct. 7:' - - — O.13. - . 1 ! — *"0.02. Errors in Dc 0.11.

2 — Oct. 14: - - - — O.43- V - - . — 4*39* - - - 0. 4.

16 — Oct.' 28." - - - — 0.30. - - - _ — 0.26. - - - 0. 4.

17 — - June"28: - - - — 1.02. > - _ — 0.02. - - - 1. 0.

; - .< 2.28. 1.09. 1.19.

Appendix, N° 17.

REMARKS on Mr. Graham's Account of some Errors in Doctor Maskelyne'$ Table, N° XVI. of Appendix

of his Answer to Mr. Madge's Pamphlet, by Dr. Maskelyne.

THE principal Errors shewn in the foregoing Account, namely, the 1st, 3d, 8th, 9th, and 10th, which are all that exceed One Minute, were occasioned by the Mistake of an Amanuensis, who in making a Copy of the Original Register, which was deposited with the Board of Longitude, set down 3'. 33",39, instead of 4', 33",39 for the Sum of the daily Rates of the Watch Green to March 15th 1790. This Copy, with the Error here mentioned, I submitted to the Inspection of the Select Committee. This Error of One Minute being multiplied by Six, produced an Error of Six Minutes in one Instance. The other Errors are to be attributed to the Haste with which I wad obliged to put out my Answer to Mr. Madges Pamphlet, in order to make it in Time for the taking up of Mr. Madge's Business in the House of Commons last Year. It is to be remarked, that the Purpose with which I introduced these Calculations, which was to show that a Rate taken from Six Weeks and applied to Six Weeks was not more favourable to the Watches than the Rate taken from the preceding Week, is better answeted by the Account corrected by Mr. Graham, than as it stood Originally in my Pamphlet; for the Sum of the Errors of the Watch Green with the Rate of Six Weeks is now, 33'. o", and with the rate of a Week is 33'. 14", whereas they were before 40'. 55", and 37'. 45".

I desire to observe, that these Errors of the going of the Watch in Periods of Six Weeks, do not in the least affect my Calculations of the going of the Watch in Periods of Six Months (the Term required by the Act) which have beeir re-computed and certified to be just by the concurrent Evidence of Doctor Hutton and Messrs. Wales, Gilpin, and Crosley, before the Committee.

Here follows the Part of the Appendix, N' XVI. of my Answer to Mr. Mudge, which relates to the Watch Green, when corrected for the Errors discovered by- Mr. Graham.

Vol. 48.

Report on Mr. Mudge*3 Petition respecting bijs Watches.

920

11° yunii

A. 1

Report on Mr. ndge's Peti io:i respecting his Watches,

Part of " Appendix, N* XVI." corrected. 1

CALCULATIONS of the Errors of the Time-keeper Green in several Periods of Six Weeks, by Comparison of its going in several Periods of Six Weeks, with its going in the several preceding Periods >

of Six Weeks, and also with its going in each preceding Week.

Period of Six Weeks.

Error of Watch by Comparison with

[preceding Six Weeks

Error of Watch by Comparison with preceding Week.

1789.

Aug. 5-

12.

20. Sept. 2.

i§.

23-so. Oct. 7. 14-

21. 28.

Nov. 4. 11. 18. 25. Dec. 2.

9-

16. 23-30. 1790. Jan. 6. 13* 20. Feb. l.

8.

15* 22. < Mar. 1. 8. -15.

22. *

29. April 5, 12. 19* 26. May 3. 10. 17.

to - Sept. 16.

- - - 23.

' - 30. |

- - Oct. 7. |

- - - 14. i

- - - - 21.

- - - - 28. |

- - Nov. 4.

- - - - 11.

- - - - 18.1

- - - - 25.

- - Dec. 2.

- - - - 9.

- - - - 16.

- - - - 23.

- - - - 30.

- Jan. 1790. 6. |

- - - - 13*

- - - - 20.

- - Feb.

- - - - 8.

- - - - 15.

- Feb. 22.

Mar. 1.

- - - 8.

- - - 15.

- - - 22.

- - - 29.

- April 5.

- - - 12.

- - - 19*

- - - 26.

- May 3.

- - - 10.

- - - 17. ... 24.

- - - 3i-

June 7.

- - - 14.

- - - 21.

- - - 28.

+0. 19. +0. 24. +0. 23. +0. 15. +0. 3. — 0. 24. — o. 33* — 0. 24. — O. 5. +0. 13. +0. 44. + 1. 29.

+1. 44. + 1. 38. + 1. 3°* + 1. 27. + 1. 3. +0. 22. +0. 10.

5* 1. 1.

— o. — o.

+0. 9.

+ 0. 10. +0. 14. +0. 4. +0. 17. +0. 16. +0. 17. +0. 32. +0. 34* +0. 35* — o. 10. — o. 40. — 1. 15- — 1. 46. — 2. 27. — 2. 45* — 2. 40. — 2. 36. — 2. 16.

Sums of the Errors, without regarding the Signs - -

+0. 43.

+0. 34* +0. 14. — 0. 14. — o. 43* — o. 47* — 0. 30. — 0. 11. +0. 30. +0. 43-+ 1. 6.

+ 1. 59. + 1. 28. +0. 8. +0. 28. + 1. 9. +0. 7. — o. 52. +0. 24. — o. 35. — 0. 17. +0. 24.

+0. 41.

+0. 8.

+0. 37. — -o. 46. — o. 10.

o. o.

+ 0. 21.

+ 1. 24.

+ 0. 49. +0. 32. — 1. 50* — 1. 16.

— 1.35.

— 1. 7. — 2. 17. — 1. 30. — 1. 30. — 1* 33* — 1. 2.

ymi

dilfo

alcfSi

rrporl

Nevil Maskelyne.

Sallo

1

921

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon die Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Penistone Bridge, in the County of York, to

Griudleford Bridge, in the County of Derby, and the Roads severally leading from Bamford over

Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide Post on Thornhill Moor, to or near the Eighth Mile Stone on Hathersage Moor, and to the Village of Darwent, in the said County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting the Inhabitants of Darwent from paying Tolls.

And the said Clause was Twice read; 'and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Re-commit- Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Watson do make the Encourage- ^P01"* from the Committee of the whole House, to ZZtl whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and men reported, for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy, was re-committed.

Mr. Serjeant Watson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for including several small Ships in One Adjudication.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that Prize Agents shall advertize in the Gazette the Time of registering their Account of Sales.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the BUI.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

I 7':' ftniitone Viftt Bridge. Ac. goads Bill

Bill to con- Sir John Mordaunt, according to Order, reported tinue, and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the amen , cts gjj to continue for a limited Time, and to amend, Vot. 48.

several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and canying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question [severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the BUI, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

Mr. Serjeant Watson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought or carried Coastwise into Scotland, and for granting other Duties on Licences to sell certain distilled Spirituous Liquors, in Lieu thereof, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BUI, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be now' read.

Then the Counsel against the Bill was called in.

And the said Report was read.

And the Petition of Sir John Henderson, of Fordel, in the County of Fife, Baronet, of Wemyss,

Esquire, and John Campbell, Esquire, Writer to the Signet, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time Tomorrow Morning, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That this House will, now, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said BUI.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain " and amend an Act, of the Seventeenth of King " George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and " make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, " Vagabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, " and to Houses of Correction," as relates to Soldiers and Mariners.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

n B

for regulating the shipping of Slaves reported.

Counsel heard on Report of Scotch Coals and Spirits Licences Bill.

Bill for abolishing the Trade for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves deferred.

Bill to repeal so much of Vagabond?* See. Act as relates to Soldiers and Mariners, deferred.

922

12° Junii.

A, 1799,

Mtrcum, 12* <#e Jrniii Anno 33* Georgii III. W Regis, 1793.

Answer to Address.

P&Ay$*s.

LORD Viscount Parker reported That their Address of Monday

to the House, last (that His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Penistone Bridge, in the County of York,

to Grindleford Bridge, In the County of Derby, and the Roads severally leading from Woodgoit,

over Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide Post on TkomhiH Moor, to or near the Eighth Mjle Stone on Moor, and to the Village of Darwent, in the said County Of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Bill to coo-

Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions Reading of the Bill (now ingrossed) to continue far a tinw>ud for inquiring into the Loss of sundry Persons, who Mb- limited Time, and to amend, several Acts of Parlia- !

scribed for Annuities on Lives under the Provisions ment for regulating the shipping and carrying Staves the sfaippug contained in an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year hr British Vessels from the Coast of Africa, be now of ®ava

_ A* a. I T> T 1 _______. 1# a 1 J tt A 1 n.tM/1

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Way " of Annuities, to be attended with the Benefit of " Survivorship in Classes," but who omitted, on or before the 1 oth Day of October 1790, to deliver into

read. P*5*

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue for a limited Time, and to

the Exchequer Certificates of the Names of their No- amend, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the " - r iL- c '* :J '* shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the

Coast of Africa.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

minees, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, by which Omission the Sums paid by them became forfeited to the other Proprietors of Annuities established by the said Act; and that His Majesty would be pleased to give Directions for the reimbursing to such Persons the Money that shall appear to have been so forfeited, or such Part thereof as His Majesty shall Spranger:

think proper to direct; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He wiU give Directions accordingly.

Dean and Chapter of Lincoln and Mr. Ellison's Exchange Bill passed.

do

Penistone Bridge, &c. Roads Bill passed.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Think, Ity-Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common caUed West Moor, and Carlton and c 4,lire '

SaCommons, in the Parish of Thirsk, in the North Riding of the County of York, and several Par-Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third eels of Moor or Common Land, being Part of Reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, High Moor, lying within the several Townships of An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the Dean Bagby, and Balk, in the said Riding, without any and Chapter of Lincoln and Richard Ellison, Esquire, Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Southern to allow to Ships carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery Me Fut-to the North of the Equator, the same Premium as they are now entitled to if they do not pass the Equator; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An St Agnes Act for erecting and making a Pier and Harbotn1 in p>«rBilL the Cove of , in the Parish of Saint Agnes,

in the County of Cornwall, without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Billfortlm-An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers Act for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, *"8tte D"' of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign and for granting and allowing other Duties and Draw, drawbacks of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the backs in Lieu thereof; for charging a Duty on the 0o Figs, Ac. Road leading from Penistone Bridge, in the County of Importation, and allowing a Drawback on the Export*

York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby, ation, of Virginal Wire of Copper; for empowering

~ " ~ the Commissioners of the Customs to authorize their Officers to make Allowance for Damages received by Goods during the Voyage; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to sell Vessels, liable to be broken up, to private Persons, to

be now read

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilberforc do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

and the Roads severally leading from Bamford Wood-gate, over Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide Post on Thomhill Moor, to or near the Eighth Mile Stone on Hathersage Moor, and to the Village of Darwent, in the said County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to he added to the be used as Privateers; without any Amendment: And Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing that no Tolls shall be also.

taken between Grindlef ord Bridge and Darwent.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 35. To leave out from " notwithstanding" to " And," in Pr. 7. 1. 7.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Honse; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His

r imported fro® from Irelwi

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill toper-to permit Goods and Commodities, of the Growth, Pro- mit certain duction, or Manufacture, of Asia, Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported ‘ thence into Great Britain; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Anglesey Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, H An Act B " for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals " used in smelting Copper and Lead Ores, and in Fire " Engines for draining Water out of the Copper and " Lead Mines, within the Isle of Angleseywithout any Amendment: And also,

The

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Tire Lords

hive agreed to

,ri

r 'N 2 *1

'em

Di$.

N.

is

k

Chelmsford

Negation

Bill

S

Salford, War-riogtoo, &c. Roads Bill.

*V

?V

'‘in

33 (rEO. III.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the Town of Chelmsford, or some Part of the Parish of Sping/iedd, in the County flf i£fr sex, and a Place called Collier's Reach, in or near the River Blackwater, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the R*J1, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing, wfrfef fog, apd improving, certain Roads lending to and from the Tvm of Salford, Warrington, Bolton, and and to ear-;

tain Places called The Broad Oak in Worsfy, end bury Stocks, and also the Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pendlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also

Ih

m

tion of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a Time to be limited, be 9§w?f*d,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Mwbwh That foe Rill dp pass: Afld that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, end the Exportation of RW/i^wde Spwjts from England to $<$tl(tyd> npd from so England, for a

limited Time.

Ordered That Mr, Hemudp carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire foejr CpuoujTppfp.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third St. George's, from Agecroft Bridge, ever Kmol Mm, so Singleton Rf#d>ng Of the Rid (now iogrp^sed) for making a new Brook, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; without Street from Saint George's Road, in the Parish of Christ- passed.

So-

Friendl cieties j with Amendments.

Sill,

«J[r

The Lords have passed

Treijer's Nat. Bill.

Treijer'sNat. Bill read.

ih:

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies; 'with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence ef due House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gotfcb Augustus; to which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messenger? withdrew.

And the said Rill from the Lords was read the First Time

Resolved, That £h@ Bill be read a Second Time.

church, in the County of Surrey, through Hollands Leagure, into and across The Green Walk, and from

flt 'Q *2: h fetal

Bill for Encouragement of Seamen passed.

cr-

it.

Qc

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Rill (now ingrossed) for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually maiming. His Majesty's Navy, be now read.

And the said Qrd«r being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bijl; yi % .

Pr. 3. 1. 11

b Scotch Coals and Spirits Licences Bill - >assed.

Scotch Dis-illery Bill aassed.

Tp lffiye out " or," and insert

tf and instead thereof.

Pr. 4. 1. 19, Tp leave out " or," and insert

l( ian4»" instead thereof."

Pr. 6. 1. 4. After " Disobedience," to insert

" to the Orders of the Convoy." And the said Amendment# were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; end the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resahed, That the Bill do pa##; And that the Title be. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, end for the bettor end more effectually manning his Majesty's Navy.

Ordered, That Sir William Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords, end desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reeding of the Bill (now fogrogsed) for repeating the Duties on Coals, Culm, end Cinders, brought or earned Coastwise info Scotland, and for granting other Duties .00 Licence? tp sell cerium distilled Spirituous Liquors, in Lieu thereof, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said BIB was read the Thud Time.

Resolved, That the Bill dp pa?s: And that the Title be, An Act for repealing the Duties on Coal?, Culm, and Cinders, brought or carried Coastwise into Scat? land, mi for grafting other Duties on Licences to aati certain distilled Spirit up u? Liquors, in Line

thfifierf.

Ordered, That Mr.. Secretary Dundee do carry the Bill to the Lords, ond desire their Concunrenoa.

Ordered, That foe Order of the Day, for the Tbud Reading of the Rill {now ingrossed) for foe Regular VpL. 48.

Tellers for the Yeas,

11.

3 5-

thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish, and for discontinuing, as a Public Highway, Part of a Street caUed The Ppper Ground StlWf, in the said Parish, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, directing the Line of the new Street.

And the said Clause wag Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the RU1; viz.

Pr. 17. 1. 27. To leave opt " Forty" and insert " Forty-bye" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Forty " stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

/Lord William Russell, 1 I Sir John Call: j

(Mr. Alderman Ander-

|W,

Sir Watkin Lewes:

So it passed in the Negative.

Afld foe Question being put, ‘That foe Words (< Forty-five " b? inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That foe Bill do pats: And that the Title be, An Act for making a new Street from Saint George's Read, so the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, through Hollands Leagure, into and across The Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish, and for discontinuing, as a Public Highway,

Part of a Street called The Upper Ground Street, in the said Parish.

Ordered, That Lord William Russell do carry the Bill to the Lmds, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rose presented so foe House, by His Majesty's Plan, Esti-Comyiand, mate, &c. of

Plan and Elevation of foe Stone Pier proposed on pro*

the North Side of Douglas Harbour, in foe Isle of Douglas Man, 1793: And also,. Harbour, in

Mr. Voss'& Estimate of the jEjepence of rerfeuilding the Isle of

Pier at Douglas Harbour: And ?lpo, teniel'

An Account of the Revenues applicable to the Repairs of the Harbours in the Isle of Man, from 177) to 1790/inclusive.

And the Titles of foe said Plan, Estimate, and Account, were read.

The Mid Plan is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate and Account are se followefo;

4

924

Bill for abolishing the Trade for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves, put off for a Month.

A. 1793.

ESTIMATE for the Pier at Port Douglas, in- the Isle of Man.

Tire thousand Two hundred Yards Cube Digging for Foundation.

Fifteen thousand Seven hundred Feet Cube of Fir Timber for Piling, &c.

Eleven thousand Two hundred Feet Superficial of Fir Plank for Ditto.

One hundred Thousand Three hundred Feet Cube of Free Stone for Fronts of Pier. Four hundred Rod of Rubble Stone Backing to Free Stone.

Twenty thousand Yards Cube of filling in with Stone inside of Pier.

Iron Cramps — Shoeing Piles, &c.

Light House.

The Whole of the above estimated by Mr. Nicholas Voss, at /. 14,100.

An ACCOUNT of the Revenue of the Harbour Fund, and Herring and Salmon Fisheries of the Isle of Man, from the 5th July 1771 to the 5th July 1790, distinguishing eaeh Year.

Year 1772 1773 *774 '775 1776

'777

'778

'779

1780

1781

1782

1783

1784

'785

1786

1787

1788

1789

1790

f. S

289 3 6 3'9 8 i 323 3 4 294 10 334 6 11 321 — 4i 327 15 91 396 10 4

437 '3 5* 454 '9 5 421 12 81

39' 4 ' 425 11 10£ 481 9 10i 5'7 2 10* 43' '9 2 427 9 2 1 429 '4 8 39' *4 ' I

Ordered, That the said Plan, Estimate, and Account, Re That this House will, at the Rising House to do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning adJouni 10 the House. next 9 8 Mondl*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for abolishing the Trade carried on for supplying Foreign Territories with Slaves;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

3'-

33-

The Earl of -ington,

Mr. Powys:

Captain,

Mr. Hyde East So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself ioto the said Committee;

'The House divided.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes, |

The Yeas went forth. Tellers for the Yeas, |

Mr. Cawthorne,

Mr. Law:

Mr. William Smith, Mr. John Thomas Stanley

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Tellers for the Noes.

}3'-

29-

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, Report on appointed to enquire into a Method of making the improving Approach to both Houses of Parliament more con- the AP* venient, by removing the Building at the End of the {^Homo Court of Exchequer which extends into the Street be- of Parlia-tween New Palace Yard and Saint Margaret Street, or ment. such Part of the said Building as shall be found necessary for the Purpose before-mentioned, and the Sheds and Buildings thereunto annexed; and also, to prepare a Plan of such Work, and an Estimate of the Expence thereof, and report the same, with their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee, having taken into their Consideration that the Public House situate in New Palace Yard, and known by the Sign of The Coach and Horses, would be cut through by the Line described in their former Report, thought proper to call before them

William Withers, the Person who now occupies the said Public House; who being examined, informed your Committee, That he holds it under a Lease

from

Committee on Bill to repeal so much of Vagabonds, &c. Act, as relates to Soldiers and Mariners.

33 Geo. III.

12° — 17* yunii.

m5

"from John WalkerHeneage, fisqutre, granted to Thomas

Coles and William Williams (dated the 20th of Mdy 1786) ten- Ten Years from Michaelmas 1786, and assigned from the said Coles and Williams to one Benjamin Brown, by an Indorsement on the said Lease, bearing Date the 2d Day of March 1787; and froth the said Benjamin Brown assigned to the Witness, by Indenture, dated the 24th Day of December' 1787; and that the Annual Rent thereof is 12/. — And being further examined, he said, That the House consists of a Tap Hoorn and Cellar, and other small Partitions on the Ground Floor, and of Two Rooms in an Upper Story; and that if it should be found expedient to take away Part of the present Building to the Westward, and an Addition could be made thereto on the jEast Side, as large and commodious as the Part taken away, it would be equally as convenient for him; but if he Should be immediately turned out, the Value of the Damage to be sustained by him would amount to between 100 /. and 600 /.

Your Committee thereupon directed Mr. Groves to inspect the said Building, and the Premisses adjacent thereto, and inform your Committee, whether such Alterations could be carried into Effect, and at what Rxpence. — And,

Air. Groves having inspected the same accordingly, informed your Committee, That, supposing the said Public House, or Part thereof, was taken down, there is ample Room for erecting or completing a. Building of the same Description a little to the Eastward of the Spot where the present Building stands; and that if Part of the old Materials of the Buildings to be taken down were used, he thinks it might be built or repaired in a substantial Manner, and so as not to endanger the adjoining Buildings in case of Fire, for the Sum of no/.

Upon the Whole, yortr Committee are inclined to be of Opinion, that it would be most advisable to rebuild or repair the said Public House, in such a Manner as that it may not be liable to the same Objections as at present; and this Mode seems to your Committee to be the more proper, as by that Means the Compensation to Mr. Heneage may be lessened, by the Amount of the Value of the Rent paid to him for the said Public House.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to explain " and amend an Act of the Seventeenth of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to amend and make " more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vtigabonds, and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to " Houses of Correction," as relates to Soldiers and Mariners, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The Hoase divided.

The Noes went forth.

f Sir Joh "J

Tellers for the Yeas, < Mr. Bartholomew > 44.

1 Bouverie:

{Mr. Powys, j

Mr. Michael Angelo > 16. Taylor: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved inself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pybus took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. 48.

Complaint being made to the House of several Para- Newspaper graphs contained in a Newspaper, intituled, " The World, c°mPla'ned " Monday, May 27. 1793/' printed by R Bowstock, 0' and sold at N* 335, opposite Somerset House, Strand; as containing Reflections on the Conduct of the Members of this House appointed to manage the Trial of the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire;

The said Newspaper was delivered in at the Table; and the Paragraphs complained off therein were read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question behig (

proposed, That the said Paragraphs contain Matter Of a scandalous and libellous Nature, reflecting ort the Conduct of the Members appointed by this House to manage the Impeachment against Warren Hastings,

Esquire;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, House re* That the House do now adjotirh; ‘ solves to

The House divided. The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

adjourn.

fMr. Jenkinson, "1

I Captain Berkeley: 3 fMr. Sheridan, I

Tellers for the Noes, < Mr. Whitbread, Ju- ! [ nior: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative;

60.

B.

And the House aeeordingly adjourned tHl Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 17* die Junii;

Anno 33® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1793.

Prayers.

AAi t S S AG E from the Lords, by Mr. and Air. Pepys:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, dfo Act for further settling add securing a certain Annuity on the Heirs Male of the Body of the late Lord Rodney, to w'hom the Barony of Rodney shall descend, ib Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the Said late Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Warehoused Tobaccb, and for permitting certain Tobacco. Of the Spanish Dominions to be admitted to Entry on the Payment of the British Plantation Duty; Without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend art Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the " Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar, and for permitting the Importation " of Sugar and Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda " Islands, in Foreign Ships," artd for reducing the Bounty on refined.Sugars exported irt arty other than British Ships; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a " limited Amount, for the Purposes, and in the Manner, " therein mentioned Without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and atrrend an Act, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further regulating Elections

ti C of

The Lords Lave agreed to

Bill for further settling the Annuity on the Heirs of Lord Rodney.

Bill for Regulation of Warehoused Tobacco.

Sugar and Coffee Bill.

Bill for rendering more effectual Commercial Credit Act.

Bill respecting Notices of Time and Place of Elections.

926

17® Ju

A. 1793.

" of Members to serve iti Parliament, and for the Police therein, and fot licensing and regulating Hackpreventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other ney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Basket Men, and Basket " Officers in the electing and returning such Members," Women, within the said City of , and a certain

Netherton and Selly Oak Canal BUI.

Scotch Coals and Spirits Ucences Bill.

Bill for En-

Distance thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Glwgon for re-building the Tron Church of the City of Glasgow, ChurchBiiL for opening certain Streets, for removing Obstructions in the Trongate Street, for building a Bridge over the

so far as relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the River Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market Street, for Worcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at, or regulating the Weight and Measure of Coals, and the near, Selly Oak, in the said County, and also certain Mode of carrying Wood and Timber on the Streets of Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith; without any the said City, for enlarging the Gaol or Tolbooth there, Amendment: And also, and for selling Part of the High, or Calton Green, and

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act also the Glebe belonging to the Inner High Church, for repealing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and Parish of Glasgow; without any Amendment: brought or carried Coastwise into Scotland, and for And also,

granting other Duties on Licences to sell certain distilled The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An BathHoadi Spirituous Liquors, in Lieu thereof; without any Amend- Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Repair, Blll> ment: And also, several Roads leading to and from the City of Bath;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act without any Amendment: And also,

couragement for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and of Seamen. more effectually Manning His Majesty's Navy; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of British made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to ', for a limited

Time; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue for a limited Time, and to amend, several Acts

Scotch Distillery Bill.

Bill to amend Acts for re-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Odibam and for repairing and widening the Road from Odiham to *1Jj"Road Alton, in the County of Southa; without any 1 Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Carnarvon Act for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, Harbour BI and regulating, the Harbour of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon; without any Amendment: And alsd,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act West Tan-

shipping of*, Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and 1®*

Slaves.

Bill for preventing destroying or damaging Ships, &c. See.

Haydon Square, &c. Paving Bill.

Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa; a certain Moor or Common called Thomborough Moor, without any Amendment: And also, within the Parish of West in the North Riding

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of the County of York; without any Amendment: for better preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, And also,

or damaging Ships, or other Vessels, and in obstructing The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bedford Seamen, Keelmen, Casters, and Ship Carpenters from Act for repealing an Act, made in the Fourth Year Charity Bill, pursuing their lawful Occupations; without any Amend- of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Charitable Uses, extending the Objects, and regulating the Application, of the Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity, of the Town of Bedford," and for the better Ma-

Seven Oaks, Tunbridge Wells, Roads Bill.

ment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better paving, cleansing, lighting and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard, Sheepy Yard, Church

Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Pas- nagement and Disposition of the said Estates, and the sage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages Rents and Profits thereof; without any Amendment: therein, or leading thereto, in the Parish of Trinity, And also,

otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Slawiton!». of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, closure Bilt of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable

and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of slon, in the County of Leicester', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Auwrfmnm Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing, amending, this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating " and rendering more effectual, so much of Three Acts an Exchange between the Dean and Chapter of Lincoln " of Parliament for repairing the Roads from Seven Oaks, and Richard Ellison, Esquire: And also,

" Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, to Lambex-The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Amlwctl hurst Pound and Pullen's Hill, in the County of Kent, for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving and regu- HarbouiBiQ " and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, as lating the Harbour of Amlwch, in the Isle of Anglesey; with Amendrelates to the Road leading from Seven Oaks Common with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Ine, lts

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present

Waleot Pav

" to Woodsgate, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's Cross, " in the said County of Kent," and for amending widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

ing. See. BilL Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and re-

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron the Lorii Macdonald and Mr. Baron Hotham: R»ve »gr«rd

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act patch; «f gulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, to enable His Royal Highness George Prince of Cornwall and Public Places, within such Part of the Parish of to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, LeiMi Bill Walcof, in the County of Somerset, as is not within and Hereditaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's the Circuit, Precinct, and Jurisdiction, of the City Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for of Bath, in the same bounty, and for removing and the other Purposes therein mentioned; without any preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Amendment

Obstructions, and for establishing a proper and effective And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr.

33 Geo. III.

< .

lUportNew- ' Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Com-joiodland mittee appointed to enquire into the State of the Trade Trad* to Newfoundland, and to report the same, as it shall

appear to them, to the House, and who were empowered to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House; That the Committee had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report^ with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as

927

shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of flie House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Captain Berkeley presented to the House, by His Account of

Majesty's Command, Ondnnncef

An Account of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance fo® for the Year 1791, compared with the Grants by Par- 1791, prt-liament, and Sums reserved for the said Year. seated.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followethviz.

17*yunii.

X

s *' 3.

2

3

2*

V

i-

fir

u

!j

P

r

t

b

t

1

t

Vol. 48.

D

CQ_'

n'

CD

Cl

a~

o

o

OQ

ft

CO 55 2.

As ACCOUNT of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Y

a

o

a

ear 1791, compared with the Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved for the said Year; viz.

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY.

Salaries and Rents at the Tower, &c....

North Britain....

Gibraltar ....

Jamaica ... ....

Antigua....

St. Christopher ....

Dominica - ....

Barbadoes ....

St. Vincent ——

Grenada ——

Bahama Islands ——

Quebec ——

Halifax -

New Brunswick - -

St. John's and Placentia, in Newfoundland -

Pay of Master Gunnel's in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James s Park, and the Tower of London -

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers at -N

Incidents at the several Garrisons in Great Britain ——

Ordinary Repairs - ....

Repairing, &c. Barrack Bedding in the several Torts, &c. in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey

Carried forward - r r £

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserred. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended.

£. s. £.s. d. £. s. d.

13^33 17 6 13,322 5 9 311 11 9

554 10 — 554 10 —

1,381 7 6 1,230 4 10 151 2 8

273 1^ — 150 10 — 123 5 ~

584 501 17 6 82 6

584 cn GO r* 396 18 9

584 460 — 3 123 1? 9

584 584

584 559 2 6 24 17 6

Cn 00 1 1 547 16 3 36 3 9

219 219

861 15 — 861 15 —

680 10 — 680 8 6 t 6

629 12 6 629 12 4: 2

784 15 — 784 15 —

3,416 17 6 3,189 7 6 227 to —

18,000 20,350 14 8 .

15,000 15,000

4,379 4 7 4,379 4 7

63,3»9 4 7 64,192 5 11 1,477 >3 4

OF

Exceeds ngs.

£. s. d.

3r3SO 14 8

2*350 14 #

YT° Junii. A. 1793.

g

eg

r-h

n'

CD

Q.

cr <

o

o

oo

00

Brought forward -

Cleaning and repairing Small Arms in the Tower ——

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery ——

Pay of Civil Officers, Professors, and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich -Pay of Draughtsmen -

Pay of Superannuated and Disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers,-Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, &c.

Fees at the Exchequer, &c. ——

EXTRAORDINARIES.

t

~ NEWFOUNDLAND:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Fuel for the Troops at St. John's and Placentia

NOVA SCOTIA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies - -

Carried forward

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£. s. £. *. d. £ 5. of £. s. d.

63,319 4 7 64,192 5 11 1,477 13 4 2,350 14 8

2,000 i,8*o 2 7 179 17 5

10,937 16 8 10,937 16 8

112,267 18 4"1 4,313 — — J H4,305 17 — 2,275 1 4

2,327 15 — 2,327 15 —

2,025 15 — 1,981 4 6 44 10 6

2i,53i 9 — 21,784 17 10 - 253 8 10

861 9 6 861 9 6 _

3,500 1 1,342 14 bj 5,485 10 — ... 642 15 6

4,000 — 1 11 iS i J 2,818 7 7 1,793 10 6

229,039 — 8 226,515 6 7 1 I 5,770 13 1 3,246 19 —

33 Geo. III. 17*

Brought forward

NEW BRUNSWICK:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

QUEBEC:

For Current Service, and Contmgpncies -

BERMUDA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

BAHAMA ISLANDS:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

JAMAICA:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies For- an additional Story to the Naval Storehouse, and a new Magazine for the Use of the Navy

ANTIGUA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

St. CHRISTOPHER:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

DOMINICA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

BARBADOES:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

St. VINCENT:

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

GRENADA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

-Carried forward -

Pay of Officers

EAST INDIES:

n

CD

Greats by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£. s. d. f. £. j. rf. £. s.

229,039 — 8 226,515 6 7 5,770 13 1 3,246 19 —

3,000 — 3,443 13 1). 793 9 2 5,650 4 5

4,000 — — 2,753 13 4 1,246 6 8

1,000 — — 1,204 — - 204

1,000 — C33 14 1} 1,795 4 — - 161 9 4

2,000 — 1,939 0 2 1,067 1,564 9 2 7 6 932 10 10 375 1 8

1,738 4 8 1,738 4 8

6,593 19 1 6,847 2 10 . 253 3 9

3,5i8 6 3 3,624 17 8 - 106 11 5

2,209 3 1 3,777 8 10 - 1,568 5 9

2,391 16 ‘-'89 18 $ 2,681 15 —

4,644 6 8 4,644 6 8

»5 17 4 15 >7 4 1 ....

*67,4-57 Jo a 2 9 I J3,974 »6 J 5,540 9 3

<0

CO

O

GO

O

o

o

OQ

FT

o

r->

iO-

oc

Brought forward -

GIBRALTAR:

Pay of a Company of Artificers, and for Works, Contingencies, and Current Service -

JERSEY:

For Storehouses and Barracks ——

Towards fortifying St. Hillier's Hill -

For the Purchase of Lands, Ditto -

For Repairs of Fortifications and Buildings ——

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

GUERNSEY:

Towards ^carrying on the Fortifications at Fort George, and Repairs at other Places in the Island Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

SCOTLAND:

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks, Current Service, and Contingencies -

NORTH-EAST DISTRICT:

For Current Service, and Contingencies ——

For Repairs of the W barfing of the Garrison Embankment, at Hull -

Carried forward ~

Grants by Parliament, and toms reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceeding.

£. s. d. £. s. £. s. d. £. s. d.

267,45710 2 259,023 2 9 13,974 16 8 5,540 9 3

30,000 — 30,036 13 5 - 36 13 5

1,68813 — 1,709 17 7 2t 4 7

4,000 — — - 4,000 —

3,000 — - 1,000 —

07 6 3 1,490 3 5 - 932 17 2

962 — 10 962 — 10

3,000 \ 32 9 2/ 2,322 10 8 709 18 6

CO CM W 1 O 962 — 10

6,000 5,917 7 10 82 12 2

1,005 5 4 461 17 6 543 7 10

2,567 19 10 ' - - 2,567 19 10

- -319,233 5 5 308,835 14 10 22,873 15 " 6,531 4 5

CO

00

o

w

o.

o

s*

Si

8:

CO

oo

n

LANDGUARD FORT:

Brought forward

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

CINQUE PORTS; For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

CHATHAM:

Ji'or Repairs of the Lines and Barracks at Chatham, and for Repairs at Gillingham, Upnor Castle, Cockham Wood, and Howness, and for Current Service and Contingencies

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

D

cq'

i — h

n‘

CD

Cl

cr

SHEERNESS:

For Repairs of the Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies -

GRAVESEND and TILBURY: For Repairs of the Works - - -.

FEVER SHAM:

Carried forward - - £.

For Repairs and additional Buildings

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£. 5. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £.3. d.

319-233 5 5 302,885 14 10 22,878 15 — 6,531 4 5

500 500

U or, O. I 1 1,403 17 11 2,426 3 2

6,075 18 4 6,710 1 8 634 3 4

1,924 ? 8 1,924 1 8

3>500 \ 24 4 8/ 2,373 12 4 1,150 12 4

2,000 1 .1,232 19 yj P 2,084 10 4 1,148 9 5

4,000 4,000

342,320 10 11 321,881 18 g 27,603 19 11 7,165 7 9

932 ' 17° Junii. ^4. 1793.

Brought forward

o

r

00

D

cq'

I — +

n'

CD

Cl

CT

O

o

o

PORTSMOUTH:

For Repairs and Contingencies in the Division

For improving the Works at Cumberland Fort For inclosing the Dock -

For Repairs of Lump's Battery -

For Repairs of Eastney Battery -

For re-building South Sea Castle -

For building a new Armoury in the Gun Wharf, for Service of the Navy -

For the Purchase of the Salt Pans at Tipner Point in Portsmouth Harbour, and building an additional Powder Magazine there, for Use of the Navy ——

For the Purchase of a House for the Lieutenant Governor ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

GOSPORT:

For Fort Monckton ——

For the Sea Wall at Haslar Hospital ——

To continue the SeaWall erected in Front of Haslar Hospital to Fort Monckton, in order to prevent the Sea from breaking into Haslar Lake, and for making the Ground equally solid in all Parts behind the said Wall -

For Repairs of Breakwaters between Blockhouse Fort and Haslar Hospital -

For necessary Repairs at the Lines at Gosport, Weevill, and Priddy's Hard -

For Repairs at Blockhouse Fort ——

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines ——

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers ——

Carried forward - £.

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£. £.s. d. £. s. d. £. s.

343,330 \q n 331,881 18 9 27,603 19 11 7,165 7 9

4,075 18 4) i,73i 14 -i 5,030 — 7 777 11 9

3,000 3,000 — —

2,500 j 955 8 11J 3,031 4 — 424 4 n -

1,971 13 - . - i,97i 13 —

3,232 ~ 7 - 3,232 — 7

5,000 - 5,000

1,505 17 7 1,505 17 7

3,084 2 4 1,587 2 2 1,497 — 2

3,600 - 3,578 11 9 21 8 3

1,924 1 8 1,924 1 8

00 rr> 1 489 6 —

i,9y2 16 11 - 1,992 16 11

3,qoq 2,871 14 7 128 5 5

2,455 - 2,455

7^ 1 O O 0 rH rt 530 7 10 1,945 19 4

459 11 6 98 3 7 361 7 11

309 18 4} 696 13 4/ 1,924 l 8 874 7 1 1,924 1 8 132 4 7

388,705 2 3 348,326 17 3 47,543 12 9 7,165 7 9

05

05

8

g

cq"

t I

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

G

PLYMOUTH: Brought forward -

For Repairs in the Division, Current Service, and Contingencies -

For necessary Repairs at the Lines _ .

For Magazines and Canal at Keyhatn Point....

For Redoubts on Maker Heights -

For Repairs at the Citadel, St. Nicholas Island, and Batteries at the Entrance of Hamoaze -Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

WOOLWICH:

For Contingencies, and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters - -

For re-building the Wharf.

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

ROYAL LABORATORY:

Towards the extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers -

ISLE OF MAN:

For Repairs and Current Service ....

WALTHAM ABBEY:

For erecting Four new Horse Mills, and for Repairs and Alterations

TOWER:

For re-building the Office destroyed by Fire ....

Carried forward

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved.

£. s. tf.

Charge of the Office of Ordnance.

£. s. d.

Sums unexpended.

Exceeding*.

383,075 2 3

4,075 4\

j 94 G 2/

33'j — 5

2..S25 3 n

1,344 12 3

4' S 7 1

1.924 1 8

2.000 -

,3.230 2 —

1.924 1 8

2.000 — —

500 ——

5.000 ----- --\

1,914 12 7j

3,559 »4

420,342 2 4

348,326 17 3

5,001 4 6

659 18 7

895 3 10

i,924 1 8

3,314 10 7 1,924 1 8

a,034 11 5

63 7 11

4,094 9 10

4,110 16 —

£. s.

47,543 »2 9

336 — 5

2,165 5 4

449 8 5

408 7 1

3,230 2 —

436 12 1

2,820 2 9

7465 7 9

331 ——

1,314 10 7 34 11 5

372,349 3 3

57,389 10 10

9,396 11 9

o

CQ

N

CD

CL

cr

O

O

oo

t*

<t*

00

Brought forward

SHIPPING: ♦

For relieving the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Foreign Garrisons

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY: For Contingencies ——

For Small Arms -

For Stores -

For Salt Petre ——

For Debts incurred previous to 31st December 1783

Grants 1791 -

Unprovided

Sums reserved

£. 381,769 18 3

15,973 7 5

122,566 9 —

Total Land Service, carried forward

N. B. — The Sums reserved for completing the several Services for which they were voted in former Years, are in this Account expressed in Red Ink.

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved. Charge of the Office of Ordnance. Sums unexpended. Exceedings.

£.s. £. s. d. £. s. d. £.s. d.

420,342 2 4 372,349 3 3 57,389 10 10 9,396 11 9

2,500 2,503 17 — - 3 17 —

6,000 6,000 '

10,000 1 4 4*5 iS 7/ 2,404 10 8 12,081 7 11

6,000 \ 61,104 2 7 30,596 »5 9 36,507 6 10

9,000 9,000

877 11 2 877 11 2

520,309 14 8 423,731 17 10 105,978 5 7 9*400 8 9

Total Land Service, brought forward

SEA SERVICE.

Salaries and Rents ——

Halifax

Jamaica....

Antigua ——

Kinsale ——

Contingencies of the Royal Laboratory ——

Ordnance and Stores....

Making Powder....

Freight -

Repairs of Buildings....

Incidents at the several Out Ports....

Salt Petre -

Total Land and Sea Service

Grants by Parliament, and Sums reserved.

520,309 14 8

£. s. d.

62,400 ——

32,068 15 4

94,468 15 4

614,778 10

Charge of the Office of Ordnance.

423,731 17 10

100,710 1 6

524,441 19 4

£. s. d.

13,322 5 9

224 16 7

1,566 18 4

835 6 4

233 19 11

2,034 11 5

25,879 8 8

Ox oe 19 10

9,337 12 5

6,612 14 —

22,579 8 3

13,500 — —

Sums unexpended.

105,978 5 7

105,978 5 7

Ex cee dings.

9,400 8 9

6,241 6 2

15,641 14 11

Aote, — That besides the above Grants, the following Sums have been received by the Treasurer; viz.

LAND.

SEA.

On his voluntary Account -Cash received to vacate Imprests

6,838 n 36 18

6,875 9

6

1

6,340' 11 2 1

6,342 12

8

8

17° Junii. A. 1793.

D

f — h

N'

CD

CL

CT

fD

o

00

OBSERVATIONS on Account 1791.

LAND SERVICE:

The Total Sums unexpended, as per Account, amount to -

Add — The Voluntary Account ——

Total — Exceeding?

Total — Amount unexpended

Total Sums unexpended as above ——

Of which the following Sums unexpended may be applied in Discharge of Exceedings,

Vi?

Salaries and Rents at the Tower Gibraltar

Pay of Civil Officers and < Artificers at

Jamaica Antigua St Christopher Dominica St. Vincent -Grenada Halifax

New Brunswick Pay of Master Gunners and Gunners Cleaning and repairing Small Arms Pay of Draughtsmen - -

311

»5i

123

82

396

123

24

36

11

2

5

2

18

>9

17

3 1

227

179

44

10

17

10

d.

9>

8

6

9

5

9

6

5

6

£. s. d. 105,978 5 7

1,702 1 3

Sums to be reserved for the Services for which they were voted - - - - £.

Deficiency - -

Money left with the Ordnance, on closing Accounts to 31st December 1790 -

Balance exceeded, Land Service - -

SEA SERVICE:

£. s. d,

The Total Exceedings amount to - - - 6,241 6 2

The Voluntary Account amounts to .....- - - - . 6,342 12 8

£. s. d.

105,978 5 7 6,875 9 7 112,853 15 2 9>4QO 8 9

103,453 6 5

104,276 4 4

822 17 11 346 17 11

476 — —

Balance unexpended. Sea Service - T0I g g;

Balance exceeded, 31st December 1791 374T3 (f

Office of Ordnance,

nth June 1793. G. Craafurd,

Clerk of the Ordnance.

CO

CO

o

o.

S38 17" j

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

at A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, Thit the House, at the Desire of thfe Lords authorized by virtue. of His Majesty's Commission afore mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, His Royal Highness the Duke of York, His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence, His Royal Highness the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Absent to the said BilU; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the.Eatl Graliam, named alsp in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which. Bills are as followed!; viz.

An A?t fqjr granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery:

An Act for further settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Heirs Male of the Body of the late Lord Rodney, to whom the Barony of Rodney shall descend, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by the said late Lord Rodney to His Majesty and the Public. , .

An Act for further continuing, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to, enable " the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the " Treasury for the Time being, to let to Farm the Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth'

" Year of His present Majesty's Reign, on Horses let " to Hire for travelling Post, and by Time, to :such " Persons as should be willing to contract for the " same

An Act to enable His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales to make Leases, Copies, and Grants of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of His said Royal Highness's Dutchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same, and for the other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation, of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on " Foreign Corn imported, and of the Bounty on British " Com exported

An Act to amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for regulating the Allowance of the Drawback and Payment of the Bounty on the Exportation of Sugar,

" and for permitting the Importation of Sugar and " Coffee into the Bahama and Bermuda Islands, in " Foreign Ships/' and for reducing the Bounty on refined Sugars exported in any other than British Ships:

An Act to continue certain Duties of Excise on Foreign Spirits imported into this Kingdom, for a limited Time, and also for continuing certain Laws of Excise therein mentioned:

uriii. A. 17

An Act for repealing the Duties and Drawbacks on Figs, and for granting and allowing other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; for charging a Duty on the Importation, and allowing a Drawback on the Exportation, of Virginal Wire of Copper; for empowering the Commissioners of the Customs to authorize their Officers to make Allowance for Damages received by Goods during the Voyage; and for authorizing the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to sell Vessels, liable to be broken up, to private Persons, to be used as Privateers:

An Act for repealing the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, brought or carried Coastwise into Scotland, and for granting other Duties on Licences to -'sell certain distilled Spirituous Liquors in lieu thereof:

An Act for the Regulation of Distilleries in Scotland, and the Exportation of Britmade Spirits frpmi England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, for a

limited Time: ....

An Act for the better Regulation of Warehoused Tobacco, and for permitting certain Tobacco of the Spanish Dominions to be admitted to Eritpy on the Payment of the British Plantation Duty:

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for " enabling His Majesty to direct the Issue of Exchequer Bills, to a limited Amount, for the Purposes, " and in the Manner, therein mentioned

An Act to allow to Ships, carrying on the Southern Whale Fishery to the North of the Equator, the same Premium as they are now entitled to, if they do not ]las8 the Equator:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventh'and Eighth Years Of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for the further regulating Elections V of Members to, seirve in Parliment, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and otter " Officers, in the electing and returning such Mem-<(hers," so far as' relates to the Publication of Notices of the Time and Place of Election.:

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy: . , .

An Act to enable the Post Master General to send the Mail to the Dominions of his Catholic Majesty, On Board of any Vessels authorized, by his Catholic Majesty, to carry the same:

An Act to permit Goods and Commodities, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of Asia, Africa, or America, legally imported into Ireland, to be imported from thence into Great Britain

An Act to continue for a limited Time, and to dm'cnd, several Acts of Parliament for regulating the shipping and carrying Slaves in British Vessels from the Coast of Africa:

An Act for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland, and the Islands adja-

cent:

An Act for remedying Inconveniences attending certain Proceedings in the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, and for the County Palatine of Chester, in the Court of Common Pleas for the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the Court of Pleas for the County Palatine of Durham, and in the County Courts in Wales:

An Act for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:

An Act for better preventing Offences in obstructing, destroying, or damaging Ships or other Vessels, and in obstructing Seamen, Keclmen, Casters, and Ship Carpenters, from pursuing their lawful Occupations:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Communication between the Town of Chelmsford, or some Part of the Parish of Springfield, in the County

o 2 of

33 Geo. III.

17° yu.

939

of Essex, and a Place called Colliers Reach, in or near the River Blacktvater, in the said County:

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Dudley Canal, in the County of Worcester, to the Wtorcester and Birmingham Canal, now making at or near Selly Oak, in the said County; and also certain Collateral Cuts to communicate therewith:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for allowing a Drawback of the " Duties upon Coals used in smelting Copper and " Lead Ores, and in Fire Engines for draining Water " out of the Copper and Lead Mines, within the Isle " of Anglesey:"

An Act for erecting and making a Pier and Harbour in the Cove of Trcvaunance, in the Parish of Saint Agnes, in the County of Cormoall:

An Act for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improv-iag, and regulating the Harbour of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon:

An Act for re-builditig the Tram Church of the City of Glasgow, for opening certain Streets, for removing Obstructions in the Trongate Street, for building a Bridge

over the River Clyde, opposite to the Salt Market , for regulating the Weight and Measure of Coals, and the Mode of carrying Wood and Timber on the Streets of the said City, for enlarging the Gaol or Tolbooth there, and for selling Part of the High, or Calton Green, and also the Glebe belonging to the Inner High Church, and Parish of Glasgow:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the bettet paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching Haydon Square, the New Square, Haydon Yard,

Sheepy Yard, Church Street, Little Church Street, otherwise the Church Passage, Church Court, and Kenton Street, and the Passages therein, or leading thereto, in the Parish of Trinity, otherwise Holy Trinity, in the Minories, in the County of Middlesex, within the Liberty of His Majesty's Tower of and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Public Places, within such Part of the Parish of Walcot, in the County of Somerset, as is not within the Circuit, Precinct, and Jurisdiction, of the City of Bath, in the same County, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions, and for establishing a proper and effective Police therein, and for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Porters, Basket Men, and Basket Women, within the said City of Bath, and a certain Distance thereof:

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Western Part of the Parish of Shenjicld to Harwich and Rockford, and from Chelmsford to Bridge,

and from Margaretting to Malden, and from Colchester to Dedham Bridge, and from Lexden to the East End of the Town of Havcrill, and from High Garrett to Bulmer Tie, and from Mark's Tey to Braintree, and from Little Waltham to the End of the Parish of Great JlaUingbury, and from Malden to Braintree, in the County of Essex:

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, certain Roads leading to and from the 1 owns of Salford, JVarrington, Bolton, and JVigan, and to certain Places called The Broad Oak in JVorsley, and Duxbury Stocks, and also the Road from a Place called South Sea, in Pcndlebury, to Agecroft Bridge, and from thence, through Hilton Lane, to Dawson Lane End, and also from Agecrof t Bridge, over Kersal Moor, to Singleton Brook, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road frotn Odiham to Alton, in' the County of Southampton:

Vo l., 43.

An Act for amending, improving, and keeping in Re- Royal Assent pair several Roads leading to and from the City of: to "

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for continuing,

" amending, and rendering more effectual, so much

" of Three Acts of Parliament, for Repairing the Roads

" from Seven Oaks, Tunbridge Wells, and Kipping's

" Cross, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullens Hill, in-

" the County of Kent, and to FVent, in the County of Sussex, as relates to the Road leading from Seven Oaks Common to W Tunbridge

" Wells, and Kipping's Cross, in the said County of

" Kent," and for amending, widening, and keeping

in Repair, the Road from Tunbridge Wells to Woodsgate

aforesaid:

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the'

Dean and Chapter of Lincoln and Richard Ellison,

Esquire:

An Act to enable Sarah Heaton, Widow, Mother and Guardian of John Heaton, a Minor, to grant Building Leases during his Minority of Ground, in the Parish, of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for enlarging the Charitable Uses, extending " the Objects, and regulating the Application, of the'

" Rents and Profits of the Estates given by Sir William " Harpur, Knight, and Dame Alice his Wife, for the " Benefit of the Poor, and other Objects of Charity,

" of the Town of Bedford," and for the better Management and Disposition of the said Estates, and the Rents and Profits thereof:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields,

Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Spceton, in the Parish of Bridlington, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and improving the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Southburn, in the Parish of in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common called Thirst: Weil Moor, and Carlton and Sandhutton Commons, in the Parish of Thirsk, in the North Riding of the County of York, and several Parcels of Moor or Common Land, being Part of Bagby High Moor, lying within the several Townships of Thirsk, Bagby, and Balk, in the said Riding:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Slawston, in the County of Leicester:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Common Fields, and a certain Moor or Common called roi/gh Moor, within the Parish of West in the

North Riding of the County of York:

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, by Treaty with His Majesty's Command, Hesse Cas-

N* l. Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and sel — Con-the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, signed at Casselthe loth of April 1793; and Translation: And also. Treaty with

N° 2. Copy of a Convention between His Majesty Sardinia, and the Empress of Russia, signed at , the 25th Pieserut(1-

of March 1793; and Translation: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Convention between His Majesty and the Empress of Russia, signed at London, the 25th of March 1793; and Translation: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the King of Sardinia, signed at London, the 35th of April 1793; and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said List was read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations are as followeth; viz.

TRANSLATION

IT6 Jttnii. A. 1793.

Treaty with TRANSLATION of a Treaty between HeaseCasseL His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cosset,

signed at Cosset the loth of 1793.

Re it known to those whom it may concern, That His Majesty the King of Geat , and his Serene

Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Cosset, in Consideration of the strict Ties which unite the Interest of their respective Houses, and having judged that, in the present Situation of Affairs, it would contribute to the reciprocal Welfare of Great Britain and of Hesse, to cement and strengthen, by a new Treaty of Alliance, the Connection which subsists between them; His Britan-nick Majesty, in order to regulate the Objects relative to this Alliance, has thought proper to send to Cosset the Right honourable Thomas Earl of Elgin and of Kinkar-dine, Baron Bruce of Kinross, His Minister Plenipotentiary; and his Serene Highess has nominated, on His Pari; for the same Purpose, the Baron Maurice Frederick of Munchausen, his actual Minister of State, Privy Councillor, and Knight of the Order of the Golden Lion, and his Director of the College and Treasury of War, and John Francis Kunckel, Privy Councillor of War; who, being furnished with the -oecessary full Powers, have agreed to take for Basis of the present Treaty the Treaties which were formerly concluded between Great Britain and , to adopt such Parts of them as may be applicable to the present Circumstances, or to settle by new Articles those Points which it may be necessary to regulate otherwise. Every Thing which shall not otherwise be settled, shall be deemed subsisting in full Force, in the Manner expressed in the above-mentioned Treaties: And, as it is not possible to specify each particular Case, every Thing which shall not appear to be determined in a precise Manner, either in the present Treaty, or in the former Treaties, shall be settled with Equity and good Faith, in Conformity to the same Principles, which it is agreed on both Sides to adopt for the Regulation of such Cases, whether during the Course of the War, or after its Conclusion.

*1.

There shall be, therefore, in virtue of this Treaty, between His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and his Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, their Successors and Heirs, a strict Friendship, and a sincere, firm, and constant Union, so that the one shall consider the Interests of the other as his own, and shall strive to promote them with good Faith, as much as possible, and mutually to prevent and remove all Disturbance and Injury.

body shall be admitted into it but Men capable of serving, acknowledged as such by the Commissary of His Britannick Majesty. This Corps shall march in

Two Divisions; The First, consisting of 4,000 Men, shall be composed of a Corps of Infantry with the Artillery-men, and of a Regiment of Cavalty. — Formerly the Signature of Treaties preceded for some Time the Period of the Requisition for the March of the Troops; but as in the present Circumstances there is no Time to be lost, the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty is deemed to be also the Period of the Requisition, and the First Division of 4,000 Men shall be in Readiness to pass in Review before the Commissary of His Britannick Majesty on the 8th of next Month,

and to begin its March the following Day for the Place of its Destination. — The Second Division, consisting also of 4,000 Men, and composed of a Corps of Infantry, of a Battalion of Chasseurs, and of Two Regiments of Cavalry, shall be in Readiness to pass in Review the 5th of June, and shall be ready to march in Eight Weeks, from the Day of the Conclusion of the present Treaty, or even sooner, if it is possible. These Troops shall not be separated, unless the Cause of War should require it, but shall continue under the Orders of their Hessian Chief, under the Command, however, of the General to whom His Britannick Majesty shall intrust that of His whole Army; and the Second Division shall only be conducted to those Places where the First shall be, unless it should be contrary to the Plan of Operations.

IV.

Each Battalion of Infantry of this Corps of Troops shall be provided with Two Field Pieces, and the Officers, Cannoneers, and other Men and Equipage attached to them.

V.

In order to defray the Expences to which the Serene Landgrave shall be put, by equipping the above-mentioned Corps of 8,000 Men, His Majesty the King of Great Britain promises to pay to his Serene Highness for each Horseman or Dragoon, properly armed and mounted, 80 Crowns Banco, and for each Foot Soldier 30 Crowns Banco: This Levy Money for the First Division shall be paid Fifteen Days after the Signature of the present Treaty. With regard to the Levy Money for the Second Division, One Half thereof shall he paid on the 8th of next Month, and the other Half on the Day on which the Second Division shall begin its March. The Levy Money shall be paid for the same Description of Persons for whom it was given in the former Alliances.

II.

With this View, it is agreed, that all the former Treaties, especially those of Guaranty, shall be deemed to be renewed and confirmed by the present Treaty, in all their Points, Articles, and Clauses, and shall have the same Force, as if they were herein inserted Word for Word, in as much as the same is not derogated from by the present Treaty.

III.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain desiring to secure for His Service in Europe a Body of the Troops of the Serene Landgrave, and his Serene Highness, wishing for nothing more than to give His Majesty real Proofs of his strong Attachment for Him, engages, by virtue of this Article, to keep in Readiness for this Purpose, during the Space of Three successive Years, reckoning from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty, a Body of 8,000 Men, as well Infantry as Cavalry or Chasseurs, including Officers. This Corps shall be completely equipped, furnished with Tents, and all necessary Equipage; in a Word, shall be put upon the best possible Footing, and no-

VI.

Besides what is stipulated in the preceding Article, His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to cause to be paid Annually, during the Three Years that this Treaty* shall last, a Subsidy and an Half, fixing the Sum according to the Custom established for the Subsidies in the former Treaties. This Subsidy shall commence from the Day of the Signature of this Treaty; and it shall be paid at the Rate of Two hundred and Twenty-five thousand Crowns Banco per Annum; the Crown being reckoned at Fifty-three Sols of Holland, or at Four Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings English Money.

When the said Troops shall be sent hack by His Britannick Majesty, from the Day of their Return into the Territories of his Serene Highness, till the Expiration of the Treaty, thje Subsidy shall be continued upon the same Footing of 22,5,000 Crowns Banco per Annum. The Payment of this Subsidy shall be regularly made without any Deduction, and Quarterly, in the Town of Cassel, into the Military Treasury of the Serene Landgrave authorized to receive it; and, in case that, on either Side, it should be judged expedient

1f*-0

i janii.

941

that the Number of the Corps of Troops should ex- He shall give Three Months previous Notice to his Treaty witu ceed Eight thousand, the Subsidy shall be propor- Serene Highness, and shall make him an Allowance HesseCassel. tionably augmented, unless it shall be otherwise agreed of a Months Pay for their Return, furnishing them also

upon. His Majesty shall continue equally to this Corps the Pay and other Emoluments during the Remainder of the Month in which it shall repass the Frontiers of Hesse, and arrive in the Territories of his Serene Highness; that is to say, Hesse properly so called.

VH.

With regard to what relates to the Pay and Allowances, both Ordinary and Extraordinary of the said Troops, during the Time that they shall be

with the necessary Means of Transport gratis.

X.

His Britannick Majesty promises to attend as much as possible to the Safety of the Dominions and Possessions of his Serene Highness, and to direct the Military Operations, as much as Circumstances may permit, in such Manner that the Country of his Serene Highness may be covered and spared as much as possible. If, however, notwithstanding the Precautions which shall be taken with that View, the Country of actually in the Pay of Great Britain, it is agreed, that, his Serene Highness should be invaded by the Enemy, as long as they shall serve in the Empire, they shall on Account of this Alliance, and the present Treaty, enjoy the same Advantages and Emoluments which His Britannick Majesty shall endeavour to procure to His Majesty grants to His German Troops, according the Country of his Highness the Landgrave an Into the effective Establishment of the said Corps of demnification proportionable to the Loss occasioned

Troops at the Time of their being delivered; which shall be verified by a List, signed by the respective Ministers of the high contracting Parties, which shall have the same Fofce as if it were inserted Word for Word in the present Treaty. During the Time that they shall be employed in the Low Countries, they shall be treated in the above-mentioned Respect upon the footing of Dutch Troops; it being understood that, in both Cases, that is to say, in that of the German Pay as well as in that of thq Dutch, the Allowances shall not be inferior to what was granted in former Wars; and, if the Nature of the War should require that those Troops should serve in different Countries upon the Continent of Europe from those above-mentioned, they shall, in that Case, be put, in every Respect, on the same Footing with the most favoured of His Majesty's auxiliary Troops.

If it shall happen that they should be employed in Great Britain or in Ireland, as soon as the Notification

in such Case shall be made to the Serene Landgrave, they shall be put on the same Footing, in every Respect, as the national British Troops.

All these Allowances for those Troops shall be paid into the Military Treasury of his Serene Highness, without any Abatement or Diminution, in order to be distributed.

VIII.

If it should unfortunately happen, that some Regi

thereby, according to what has been formerly done on similar Occasions.

XL

The Sick of the Hessian Corps shall remain under the Care of their own Physicians, Surgeons, and other Persons appointed for that Purpose, under the Command of the General commanding the Corps of those Troops; and every Thing shall be granted to them which is granted to His Majesty's own Troops.

XII.

All Hessian Deserters shall be faithfully restored as often as they shall be discovered in Places dependent upon His Britannick Majesty.

XIII.

In Consideration that the Article of recruiting becomes daily more expensive in Ga'many, on Account of the numerous Armies which are there kept on Foot, and that the vacant Pay is regarded as the principal Fund to defray that Expence, it is agreed, that, at the Review to be made in Spring, at the beginning of the Campaign, by the Commissary of His Britannick Majesty, the Corps ought to be complete, or the Pay of those wanting to complete shall be retained; on the other Hand, the Pay of those who may be wanting from one Spring Review to the next shall not be retained, but shall be allowed without

r. . r - r.- - Abatement as if they were complete; and instead of

mentt or Companies of the Corps above-menuoned h wa> formerly for rec!;ieing> in the Koom

should, by any Accidents, be_ wholly or partially o( One ku|ed „/Tj;r<,e wotmded> it\ 1, 0iat>

without Distinction, each Man furnished shall be sup-

ruined or destroyed, or that the Pieces of Artillery, or other Effects, with which it may be provided, should be taken by the Enenty, His Majesty the King of Great Britain will pay the Expences of the necessary Recruits and re-mounting, as also the Value of the said Field Artillery and Effects, in order speedily to restore the Artillery, Regiments, or Companies, to their former State; and those Recruits shall likewise be put upon the same Footing as those which were furnished to the Hessian Officers, in virtue of the 5th Article of the Treaty of 170a, in order that the Corps may be always preserved, and sent back hereafter in as good a State as that in which it was delivered; and the Recruits Annually necessary shall be delivered to the English Commissary, disciplined and completely equipped, at the Place of their Destination, at the Time which His Britannick Majesty shall appoint.

IX.

plied at the Rate of Twelve Crowns Banco a Head, under the express Condition however that what is here agreed on shall only regard the Recruiting, which is the Object in this Article.

XIV.

All the Expences of Transport for the Troops, as well for the Men as for their Effects, shall be defrayed by His Britannick Majesty.

XV.

The Situation of Affairs having entirely changed its Aspect since the Commencement of this Negotiation, it is stipulated, that, if His Britannick Majesty should find that he has not, in the present Moment, Occasion for the above-mentioned Corps of Troops, and that His Majesty should countermand their March before the Term fixed for the Review of the First Di-

It will depend upon His Britannick Majesty to re- vision, in that Case His Majesty shall be bound to pay

tain this Corps of Troops in His Service all the Time of the Duration of this Treaty, to make use of them in any Part of Europe where he may have Occasion for them, provided it be not on board the Fleet, from the Time of its quitting the Territories of the Serene

to his Serene Highness the Levy Money for the whole Corps of 8,000 Men, and a double Subsidy for One Year only, that is to say, 300,000 Crowns Banco, which shall be instead of the different Stipulations contained in the above Fourteen Articles. The Pay-

Landgrave; and when His Majesty the King of Great ment of the Levy Money, shall in such Case be made Britain shall think proper to send back the said Troops, on the 8th of next Month, and that of the Subsidy in Vol. 48. 11 G Quarterly

Treaty with Hesse Cassel.

Convention with Russia.

Quarterly Payments in One Year, reckoning from the Date of the Signature of the present Treaty. But it is expressly agreed, that, in the mean Time, this Article shall in no Degree suspend either the Preparations or the Payments which it has been agreed on each Side to make.

XVI.

This Treaty shall be ratified by the high contracting Parties, and the Ratifications thereof shall be changed as soon as possible. In Witness whereof, we, the under-signed, authorized by the full Power of His Majesty the King of Great , on one Side, and of his Serene Highness the reigning Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, on the other, have signed the present Treaty, and have thereto put the Seals of our Arms. Done at Cassel, the i oth of April 1793.

(L.S.) Elgin. (L.S.) Maurifz Fred. Bn de Munchausen.

(LS.) Jean Francois

TRANSLATION of a Convention between His Majesty and the Empress of Russia, signed at London the 25th of March 1793.

Their Majesties the King of Great Britain, and the Empress of all the Russias, equally convinced of the Importance and Advantage to the Two Monarchies of the Extension of the Commerce which has hitherto subsisted between their respective Subjects, have acknowledged the Necessity of immediately providing for this Object by preliminary Stipulations, till a definitive Arrangement for a Treaty of Commerce can be agreed upon between the Two Crowns. For this Purpose they have chosen and authorized; viz. His Britannick Majesty, the most illustrious and most excellent Lord fViUicnnWynd Baron Grenville of

hVotton, One of His Majesty's Privy Council, and His Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs; and her Majesty the Empress of all the Russias, the most illustrious and most excellent Lord Count Simon Woronzcrw, Lieutenant General of the Armies of her said Imperial Majesty, her Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to His Britannick Majesty, and Knight of the Orders of St. Alexander Newsky, of the Military Order of St. George of the Third Class, and of St. Vladimir Great Cross of the First Class; who, after communicating to each other their full Powers, and finding them to be in good arid due Form, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article I.

The Treaty of Friendship, Commerce and Navigation, concluded at St. Petersburgh in the Year 1706, between the Two Monarchies, shall resume its Force and Activity, which shall continue in all the Clauses and Stipulations during the Space of Time hereafter fixed; and the Two high contracting Parties engage to employ themselves, in the Interval, in the Arrangement of a new Treaty of Commerce, for the Purpose of securing, in a permanent Manner, whatever may tend to consolidate and to extend the Commerce and the Navigation of the British and Russian Subjects. In consequence whereof His Britannick Majesty, and her Majesty the Empress of all the Russias, engage and promise reciprocally to execute, observe, and accomplish, in all Points, the above-mentioned Clauses and Stipulations of the Treaty of Commerce of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-six, as if they were inserted here Word for Word, and in the same Manner in which they were executed, observed, and accomplished, before the Year 1787, being the Date of the Expiration of the said Treaty; with Exception only of those Alterations which are agreed upon by the present Act, and which will be mentioned in the following Articles.

A. 1793.

Article II.

The College of Commerce being no longer a Court of Justice, Law Suits, and other Affairs of English Merchants established in Russia, shall be judged and regulated by the Tribunals established for this Purpose, in the same Manner as is practised with regard to other Nations who have Treaties of Commerce, In Return for which, the Russian Subjects established in England shall be under the Jurisdiction of the same Tribunals before which the Affairs of other Nations are brought, who have Treaties of Commerce with England.

Article III.

Her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias, in Continuation of the Encouragements which she has uniformly granted in her States to the Commerce and Navigation of British Subjects, engages that they shall enjoy in her Ports in the Black Sea, and the Sea of Asoph, all the Advantages and Diminutions of Custom-house Duties which are specified in the Sixth Article of the Edict preceding the General Tariff of the Year 1782, and which is of the following Tenor:

" Although this General Tariff is to serve also for " all our Ports situated on the Black Sea, and the Sea " of Azoph, we, however, diminish in the said Ports, by " One Fourth Part, the Duties fixed in this Tariff, in " order to encourage Commerce for the Utility of our " Subjects, and of "the Nations with which we shall " stipulate reciprocal Advantages in this Respect, in " Compensation for the Privileges which those Nations " shall grant to our Commerce; excepting, however, " from this Diminution, the Merchandize specified by " Name in the present Tariff, as liable to pay the same " Duties in the Ports of the Black Sea as in the other " Custom-houses of our Empire, as also those for " which the present Tariff fixes particular Duties in the " Ports of the Black Sea."

Article IV.

The present Arrangement of Commerce, on which their Majesties the King of Great Britain and the Empress of all the Russias are agreed, and by which they confirm the Whole of the Treaty of 1766, the Alterations above agreed upon excepted, shall subsist and be obligatory during the Space of Six Years, this Terra being fully sufficient for coming to a definitive Agreement on all the Stipulations of a new Treaty of Commerce, calculated to perpetuate and to extend the Advantages of their respective Subjects. The high contracting Parties engage, in consequence of this Act, to provide, in the most effectual Manner, and according to the Forms established in each of the Two Countries, for the entire Execution of all that is stipulated, without the smallest Restriction.

Article V.

His Britannick Majesty, and her Imperial Majesty of all the Russias, engage to ratify the present Act; and the Ratifications shall be exchanged within the Space of Three Months, or sooner if it can be done, reckoning from the Day of Signature.

In Witness whereof, we, the under-signed Plenipotentiaries of their Majesties the King of Great Britain and the Empress of all the Russias, have signed the present Convention, and have caused it to be sealed with our Arms.

Done at London, the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three.

Signed,

Grenville. (L.S.) S. Comte Woronxmi, (L.S.)

17° Juniu

TRANSLATION of Coovwtion between His Majesty and the Empress of signed

at London the 35th of 1793.

The Persons who have exercised the Powers of Government in France, after having plunged their Country into the most dreadful Miseries, having adopted towards the other Powers of Europe, Measures equally unjust and offensive, conducting themselves in that Respect by Principles incompatible with the Security and Tranquillity of all independent States, and even with the Existence of all social Order, and having actually rendered themselves guilty of the most unjust and injurious Aggression, by laying an Embargo on all the British and Russian Ships which were in the Ports of France; an Aggression followed by a Declaration of War against His Majesty, and

His Ally the Republic of the United Provinces; their Majesties the King of Great Britain, and the Empress of all the Russias, have thought proper to concert together upon the Means of opposing a sufficient Barrier to the Dangers which threaten all Europe, in consequence of such Principles, Views, and Conduct.

Their Majesties have therefore authorized their respective Ministers; to wit, the King of Great Britain, the most illustrious and most excellent Lord William. Wyndham, Baron Grenville of Wotton, One of His Majesty's Privy Council, and His Principal Secretary of State for the Department of Foreign Affairs; and her Majesty the Empress of all the Russias, the most illustrious and most excellent Lord Count Simon de JVoronzow, Lieutenant General of her Imperial Majesty's Armies, her Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to the King of Great Britain, and Knight of the Orders of St. Alexander Newsky, of the Military Order of St. George of the Third Class, and of St. Vladimir, Grand Cross of the First Class; who, after having communicated to each other their respective full Powers, have agreed to the following Articles:

Article I.

Their Majesties, in Conformity to the ancient Ties of Friendship, by which they and their august Predecessors have been united, and which they are desirous of cultivating and extending as much as possible, will exert all their Endeavours, and will concert together ultimately for assisting and succouring each other mutually, in the Course of the present War, in order to procure for themselves at the Peace, that Satisfaction and Security which they have a Right to expect, and to guaranty for the future the public Tranquillity and Security of Europe.

Article II.

For this End, their Majesties engage to employ their respective Forces, as far as the Circumstances in which they may find themselves shall permit, in carrying on the just and necessary War in which they are engaged against France; and they reciprocally promise not to lay down their Arms but by common Consent, without having obtained Restitution of all the Conquests which France may have made, upon either of their said Majesties, or upon such other of the Powers, Friends or Allies of their said Majesties, to whom they shall judge proper to extend this Guaranty, by common Consent.

Article III.

Their said Majesties reciprocally engage to shut all their Ports against French Ships, not to permit the Exportation, in any Case, from their said Ports for France, of any Military or Naval Stores, or Corn, Grain, Salt Meat, or other Provisions; and to take all other Measures in their Power for injuring the Commerce of France, and for bringing her by such Means, to just Conditions of Peace.

Vo L.48.

rumu 943

Article IV,

Their Majesties engage to unite all their Efforts to prevent other Powers, not implicated in this War, from giving, on this Occasion of common Concern to every civilized State, any Protection whatever, directly or indirectly, in consequence of their Neutrality, to the Commerce or Property of the French, on the Sea, or in the Ports of France.

Article V.

Their Majesties desiring mutually and ardently to confirm and consolidate, as much as possible, the Friendship and Union now subsisting between them, and to protect and extend the Commerce between their respective Subjects, will authorize their Ministers to proceed without Delay, to the Formation of a definitive Arrangement for a Treaty of Alliance and Commerce. In the mean Time, and until that happy Work can be effected, they have agreed to renew provisionally the Treaty of 1766, by a preliminary Agreement of the same Date with this Convention, and exchanged in like Manner between the above-mentioned Ministers.

Article VI.

His Britannick Majesty and her Imperial Majesty 1 of all the Russias, engage to ratify the present Convention, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged in the Space of Three Months, or sooner if it can be done, to be computed from the Day of the Signature.

In Witness whereof, we, the under-signed Plenipotentiaries of their Majesties the King of Great Britain, and the Empress of all the Russias, have signed the present Convention, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto. Done at London, this Twenty-fifth of March, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three.

(L. S.) Grenville. (L. S.) S. Comte JVoronzmo.

TRANSLATION of a Treaty between His Majesty and the King of Sardinia, signed at London, the 25th of April 1793.

Their Majesties the King of Great Britain and the King of Sardinia, finding themselves engaged in a War against France, in consequence of the most injurious Acts of Violence and Aggression, which they have respectively experienced from that Country, their above-mentioned Majesties have agreed to make a common Cause in this War, and to concert together on the Means of providing for their mutual Defence and Safety, as well as for the general Interests of Europe.

Their above-mentioned Majesties in consequence have named and constituted for this Purpose; to wit, His Britannick Majesty the most illustrious and most excellent Lord William Grenville of Wotton, Privy Counsellor of His before-named Majesty, and His Principal Secretary of State for the Foreign Department; and his Sardinian Majesty the most illustrious and most excellent Lord Philip de St. Martin de Front, Gentleman of the Chamber to his before-named Majesty, Colonel of Cavalry and Dragoons, and his Envoy Extraordinary to His Britannick Majesty; who, after having duly communicated their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles:

Article I.

His Sardinian Majesty engages to keep on foot, during the whole Course of the present War, an Army of Fifty Thousand Men, to be employed for the Defence of his Dominions, as well as to act against the common Enemy: His Britannick Majesty engaging, on His Side, to send into the Mediterranean a

respectable

Treaty with Sardinia.

17° Ju

A. 1793.

respectable Fleet of Vessels of War, to be employed accordingly as Circumstances shall permit, against the Naval Forces which the Enemy may have in that Part of the World. Their before-named Majesties will-ultimately concert as to the Destination and Employment of the respective Forces above-mentioned.

Article II.

His Britannick Majesty engages to furnish to his

Sardinian Majesty, during the whole Course of the War, a Subsidy of Two hundred Thousand Pounds Sterling per Annum, to be reckoned from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty; which Subsidy shall be paid to him punctually every Three Months, in Advance, to be reckoned from the above Day.

Article III.

His Britannick Majesty engages not to conclude a Peace with the Enemy, without comprehending in it the entire Restitution to his Sardinian Majesty of all the Parts of his Dominions, which belonged to him at the Commencement of the War, and of which the aforesaid Enemy has obtained Possession, or of which it may hereafter obtain Possession, during the Course of Hostilities. In Return, his Sardinian Majesty will continue firmly and inseparably united and attached to the common Cause, and to the Interests of His Britannick Majesty in this War, not only for so long Time as the War may last in Italy, or in the Southern Parts of Europe, but until the Conclusion of Peace between Great Britain and France.

Article IV.

If one or the other of the Two high contracting Parties shall happen to be attacked, molested, or disturbed in any of his Estates, Rights, Possessions, or Interests, at any Time, or in whatever Manner it may be, by Sea or by Land, in consequence, or in Resentment of the Articles or Stipulations contained in the present Treaty, or of the Measures to be taken by the said contracting Parties, by virtue of this Treaty, the other contracting Party engages to succour him, and to make common Cause with him, in the Manner which is stipulated by the above Articles.

Article V.

The present Treaty shall be ratified by both Parties, and the Exchange of the Ratifications shall take place in the Space of Two Months, or sooner if possible.

In Faith of which, we, the undersigned Ministers Plenipotentiary of their Majesties the King of Great Britain and the King of Sardinia, have signed this present Treaty, and have caused to be affixed the Seal of our Arms.

Done at London this Twenty-fifth Day of April, One Thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three.

Grenville (L. S.) St. Martin de Front (L. S.)

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

TreijtrWat. Bill committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gotlieb Augustus Treijer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Hobart, Mr. Vyner, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A°r<j8ri The ^ouse proceeded to take into Consideration the toTriSw* Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Societies Bill Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly agreed to Societies.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3- 1*12. Before the Word " annul," insert " at the then, or the then next " subsequent Session."

Pr. 20. 1. l. After " Westmin insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A). Provided always, and be it further Enacted by the Authority uaforesaid, That if Provision " shall be made by One or more " of the general Rules or Orders " of any such Society, and confirmed as required by this Act,

" for a Reference by Arbitration,

" of any Matter in Dispute between any such Society, or any ' " Person or Persons acting under

" them, and any individual Members thereof, the Matter so " in Dispute shall be referred to " such Arbitrators as shall be " named and elected in such " Manner as shall be prescribed " by such general Rules or Orders, and whatever Award, Order, or Determination shall be " made by the said Arbitrators,

" or the Major Part of them,

" according to the true Purport " and Meaning of the Rules and " Orders of such Society, confirmed by the Justices, according to the Directions of this " Act, shall be binding and conelusive on all Parties, and shall " be final, to all Intents and Purposes, without Appeal, or being " subject to the Controul of Two " or more Justices of the Peace,

" in the Manner hereinbefore " prescribed."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the to End of the last Session of Parliament, to the End of Pnn(ti this present Session, with an Index to the Forty-eighth Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction, of John Hatsell,

Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address far His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to

order the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds *

to be advanced to John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and also such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred, on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addrss (« His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of

Parliament;

Address for Expences of printing Bills* Reports, &c.

Lords

Amendments to Amlwch Harbour Bill agreed to.

Address for making th6 Approach to both Houses of Parliament more convenient.

17° Juniil

945

Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House of making the Approach to both Houses of Parlia-will make good the same. ment more convenient, by removing the Building at

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to the End of the Court of Exchequer which extends into His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give the Street between New Palace Yard and Saint Mar-Directions, for defraying the Expences attending the garet , or such Part of the said Building as shall printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, be found necessary for the Purpose before-mentioned, which have been printed, by Order of this House, in and the Sheds and Buildings thereunto annexed; and this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, also, to prepare a Plan of such'Work, and an Estimate that this House will make good the same. of the Expence thereof, and report the same, with

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to their Observations and Opinion thereupon, from Time His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of to Time, to the House, might be again read;

His Majesty's most Honourabe Privy Council.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved \That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, representing to His Majesty, that this House, having taken into Consideration a Method of making the Approach to both Houses of Parliament, ' and to the Courts of Justice in Westminster Hall, more commodious, by taking down the Building at the End of the Court of Exchequer, or such Part thereof as shall be found necessary, which at present encroaches on the Street between New Palace Yard and Saint. Margaret Str, and- renders the Passage there very John Lord Bishop of Bangor, inconvenient and unsafe, as well for Carriages as for is in Right of his See Rector Foot Passengers, and also by taking down certain old of the Parish and Parish Buildings ana Walls near, or adjoining thereto, and

removing the Records there deposited to some other convenient Place or Places for the safe Custody and Use thereof, humbly request that His Majesty will be., graciously pleased to give the necessary Directions for carrying the said Plan into execution; and to assure called Caer Pandy, containing His Majesty, that this House will make good any Ex-, Thirty-six Acres and upwards, pence attending the same.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating the Harbour of Amlwch, in the Isle of Anglesey.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth: viz.

Pr. i. 1. jg. After " Channels," insert " And " whereas the Right Reverend

" Church of Amlwch aforesaid, " and as such is entided to " certain Glebe Lands in the " said Parish, one Part or Parcel of which Glebe Lands,

Pr. 29. 1. 36.

" is contiguous to the said Harbour of Amlwch."

After " them," insert Clause (A). Clause (A). Provided always, and be it further Enacted, That no Docks, Locks, Piers, Jetteaus, Quays, Breastworks, or other Works, Buoys, Mooring Posts, Cranes, En-

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That, together with the said Address, there be humbly laid before His Majesty, Copies of die Reports which have been made from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into a Method of making the Approach to both Houses of Parliament more con-: gines, Lamps, Light Houses, or venient; and also, Copies of the Survey, Plans, and Land Marks, as aforesaid shall Estimates, referred to therein.

be made, erected, set up, or placed by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, upon any Part of the said Piece or Parcel of Glebe Land called Caer Pan-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lords Mr. Pepys: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Consolidated dy, without the Approbation and Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Mo- FuDd Consent of the said Lord Bishop ney out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying a of Bangor, or his Successors, Bi- certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, for the Ser-6hops as aforesaid, and of his or vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and their Lessee or Lessees for the Ninety-three; and for further appropriating the Sup-Time being, in Possession of the plies granted in this Session of Parliament; without said Piece or Parcel of Glebe any Amendment: And also,

Land, signified by Writing un- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Skidby In . der the Hand and Episcopal Seal Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Unin- sore Dill, of the said Lord Bishop, or his closed Fields, and Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands,

Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of in the Parish of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment.

Successors as aforesaid, and under the Hand or Hands of his or their Lessee or Lessees as aforesaid, for the Time being, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

The said Amendments being severally read a Se

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for scotch the better ordering of the Militia in that Part of Great Militia Britain called Scotland: And that Mr. Secretary - Bl,i ordered,

cond Time, were, upon the Question severally put das, Lord Frederick Campbell, and the Lord Advocate

thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

of Scotland, do prepare and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the se- Re orls veral Reports of the Commissioners appointed by an Act of Parliament to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, ers appoint-Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been ed so esquire lately, received in the several Public Offices in the ^o/cer-said Act mentioned, which were presented to the House tain Offices, the Committee, appointed to enquire into a Method upon Tuesday last, by Mr. Secretary Dundas be printed, to be printed. Vot. 48. 11 H as

The House was moved, That the Report, which, upon the 6th Day of this Instant June, was made from

A. 1793.

946

17° *

jumi.

as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Address for The House was moved, That the Entry in the erecting a Journal of the House, of the 6th Day of May 1762, to the Twe- " That the Thanks of this House be given to Rear mory of Lord " Admiral Rodney, for the Services he has done to his Rodney. " King and Country in the West Indies; and that Mr.

" Speaker do signify the same to him," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 29th Day of February 1780, " That the Thanks of this House be given to " Admiral Sir George Brydges Rodney, Baronet, for the " late signal and important Services he has rendered " to his King and Country; and that Mr. Speaker do " signify the same to him," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 22d Day of May 1782,

" That the Thanks of this House be given to Sir " George Brydges Rodney, Baronet, Knight of the most " honourable Order of the Bath, for his able and gallant Conduct in the late most brilliant and decisive " Victory obtained over the French Fleet in the " Indies, by the Fleet under his Command," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine Contr That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to beseech His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Monument be erected in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, in the City of London, to the Memory of George Lord Rodney, Vice Admiral of England, with an Inscription expressive of the Public Sense of the Merits of his gallant and important Services, the Protection which he gave to the West India Islands, and the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expences attending the same.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Address f«r The House was moved, That the Entry in the erecting a Journal of the House, of the 12th Day of December to uTE >782, " That the Thanks of this House be given to mory of " General Eliott for the important Service he has done Lord Heath- " to this Country, by his brave and gallant Defence of field. " Gibraltar," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved., Nemine Contradicente, Than an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to beseech His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Monument be erected in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, in the City of London, to the Memory of General Eliott, Lord Heathfield, with an Inscription expressive of the Public Sense of the Merits of the important Services he has done to this Country, by his brave and gallant Defence of Gibraltar; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expences attending the same.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Address for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to u Reward to His Majesty, humbly representing to His Majesty, Mr. Mudge. (hat Thomas Mudge, Watchmaker, having employed many Years and much Pains and Labour in endeavouring to improve the Principles of his Art, had succeeded so far in his said Endeavours as to be the Author of an Invention likely to be of the greatest Advantage in the Construction of Time-keepers; and humbly beseeching His Majesty, that, in Consideration

12

of the Merit of the said Invention, such as it now appears, upon Examination, to this House, and without precluding the said Thomas Mudge from any further Reward which, from future Experience of the Value of his Invention, he may appear to be entitled to, His Majesty will be graciously pleased to grant to the said Thomas Mudge, upon his making a Discovery of the Principles of his Invention to such Persons as His Majesty may think proper to appoint, a Sum not exceeding £. 2,500; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty most Honourable Privy Council.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize Justices of the Peace to impose Fines Upon Constables, Overseers, and other Peace Officers, for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of Ap? prentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices, and also to make Provision for the execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Magistrates.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 4.

3-

Lords

Amendment! to Bill to authorize Justices to impose Fine* on Constables, Ac. agreed to.

Pr.

i-13. 1.27.

Pr. 5. 1. 1.

Leave out " Peace."

After " him," insert " or her." After " Riding," insert " or," and in the same Lime, leave out from " Division" to " such," in Line 29, and insert " within which." Leave out " Certificate," and insert " Indorsement."

In the Title of the Bill.

Line 3. After " Peace," insert " or Parish."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. William Henry do carry

the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Secretary Dundas presented to the House, accord- scotch ing to Order, a Bill for the better ordering of the Militia Militia Bin in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the presented, same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion for That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, Address for to lay before His Majesty, the humble Representations of His faithful Commons in the present awful and momentous Crisis, a Duty which they feel themselves Neg. more especially called upon to perform at this Juncture, as a long and eventful period may probably elapse before His Majesty can again have an Opportunity of collecting, through their Representatives, the real Sentiments and Wishes of His People:

In the Name of the People of Great Britain, His Majesty's faithful Commons are bound to declare, that they concurred in the Measures necessary to carry on the present War for the Objects of Defence and Security, and for those Objects only:

That any Plan of Aggrandizement, founded on the present distressed Situation of France, much less any Purpose of establishing among the French People any particular Form of Government, never would have had their Concurrence or Support:

In expressing these their Sentiments and Opinions, on entering into the present War, His Majesty's faithful Commons are sensible that they are only repeating those benevolent Declarations which true Policy, and a careful Attention to the real Interests of the British

Nation,

Vti

fating

fydl.i

«icotl

WJunii.

947

Ration, induced His Majesty to use in His most gracious Speech from the Throne, at the beginning of the present Session of Parliament, and in repeated Messages to this House:

To represent to His Majesty, that though his faithful Commons have the most perfect Reliance on His Majesty's sacred Word and Promise, solemnly pledged to this Country and to Europe, not to interfere in the Internal Affairs of France, or to enter into the Views and Projects of other Powers, who, in the present War, ipay be actuated by Motives far different frofn those which govern the Conduct of His Majesty, yet they feel it to be their indispensable Duty to call His Majesty's most serious Attention to some of the Circumstances which have occurred since the Commencement of the present unfortunate Contest:

The French Arms, which, after a successful Invasion of Brabant, had threatened the Security of His Majesty's Allies The States General, have since been confined within their own Territory, and are now occupied in Defence of their Frontier Towns against the united Forces of His Majesty and His Allies; the Danger apprehended from the former Conquests and Aggrandizement of the French Nation, appears therefore to be no longer a Subject of just U neasiness or Alarm:

Some of the Powers engaged in the Confederacy against France have, on the other Hand, openly avowed, and successfully executed, Plans of Domination and Conquest, not less formidable to the General Liberties of Europe — The rapacious and faithless Dismemberment of the unhappy Kingdom of Poland, without having produced, as far as it appears to this House, any Remonstrance from His Majesty's Ministers, has excited in His Majesty's faithful Commons the highest Indignation at so daring an Outrage on the Rights of independent Nations, and the keenest Solicitude to rescue the Honour of the British Government, from the Suspition of having concurred or acquiesced in Measures so odious in their Principle, and so dangerous in their Example, to the Peace and Happiness of Mankind:

The severe Calamities which, since the Commencement of the present War, this Nation has already experienced, the Shock given to Commercial Credit, and the alarming Consequences which the Failure of the Mercantile and Manufacturing Interests threatens to the Public Revenue, and to the general Prosperity of the Country, cannot have failed to attract His Majesty's Attention, and to excite in His benevolent Mind a sincere Desire to relieve His People from Distresses, a Termination of which they cannot hope for but in the speeedy Re-establishment of Peace:

His Majesty's faithful Commons therefore make it their most earnest and solemn Request, that His Majesty, taking into His Consideration all the above Circumstances, will not fail to employ the earliest Measures for procuring Peace on such Terms, as are consistent with the professed Objects of the War, and with that good Faith, strict Justice, and liberal and enlightened Policy, which have hitherto peculiarly distinguished the British Nation;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, f JJr-

[Mr. Jenkmson:

So it passed in the Negative.

47-

187.

Report re- Mr. Sheridan reported from the Committee, to whom specting the it was referred to examine the Matter of the several Royal burghs Petitions presented to this House in this Session of of Scotland parijament from the Royal Burghs of Scotland, together with the several Accounts and Papers relating to the Internal Government of the said Royal. Burghs, which were presented to this House in the last Parlia-V01. 48.

ment; That the Committee had examined the same accordingly; and had agreed upon a Report, which they had directed him to make to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the same, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have arranged their Proceedings under the following Heads:

1st. The ancient Constitution of the Royal Burghs, and the Modes in which the Magistrates and Common Councils were elected:

I Idly. The present Mode of Election of the Magistrates and Common Councils:

Illdly. 'Whether Taxes have been imposed without the Authority of Parliament, or a greater Sum levied in Name of, or together with the Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, than is paid to Government, and is expended in the Collection, taken together:

IVthly. The Amount of the Annual Revenues of the Royal Burghs:

Vthly. Whether the Lands and other heritable Property of the Royal Burghs have been alienated by the Magistrates and Common Councils, and in what Manner; and whether Debts have been contracted, or the Common Property dilapidated.

1st. With respect to the ancient Constitution, of the Royal Burghs, and the Modes in which the Magistrates and Common Councils were elected.

It is stated in the Petitions, that by the ancient Con- Lfges Bur-stitutions of the Royal Burghs, and by the express goruui et Words of their Charters, the Magistrates and Common Councils were elected Annually, by the free Suffrage of U the Burgesses; but that, by Acts of the Scottish Parliament 1469 and 1474, it was ordained, that the Old Council should chuse the New, that the New and the Old Councils should chuse the Officers, and that Four Persons out of the Old should be chosen Yearly into the New Councils.

In Obedience to an Order for Copies of the Charters, and Setts of the Royal Burghs, Sixty-three of the Royal Burghs produced Copies of Charters. The Town Clerk of Kirkwall certified, that the Charters of that Burgh could not be read by him; and the Burghs of Loch-maben and Crail did not make any Return at all to the Order respecting the Charters.

All the Charters, with the Exception of Glasgow, are granted to the Burgesses alone; or to the Burgesses and Inhabitants; or to the Provost, Burgesses, and Community; or to the Aldermen and Community; or to the Merchants, Burgesses, and Community; or to the Provost, Baillies, Council, Burgesses, Community, and Incorporations; or to the Burgesses, together with the Provost, Baillies, and Incorporations; or to the Burgesses, together with the Provost, Baillies, and Council; or to the Provost, Baillies, Council, and Community. The Charter to Glasgow in 1690 confirms all former Charters granted Communitati vel Gildae Mecha-nicis, ac singulis Societatibus, et Diaconis ejusdem; and then the Charter is granted, de novo, Civitati et Concilio Burgali.

The Charters of Eighteen of the Burghs, so far as produced, do not contain any Clauses respecting the Elections. But,

Ist. Although many of the Burghs appear to have been possessed of great Number of Charters, yet, in general, only One or Two Charters have been produced to the House of Commons. Thus Edinburgh has produced only One Charter, but that Charter confirms Twenty-four other Charters; which are not produced;

Stirling has produced only Two Charters, confirming Twelve or Fifteen other Charters; Inverkeithing has produced only One Charter, confirming Eight others; and a very great Number of the other Burghs have

produced

Report respecting the Royal Burghs of Scotland*

It appears that the last Charter to Selkirk contains the Grant of a Provost, but makes no Alteration on the Clause of Klee t ion in the former Charter.

948 17° Junii. . 1793.

produced Charters, which confirm many other Charters that are not produced.

2dly, Many of the Charters are very ancient; but there is no Instance of a Clause of Election being introduced into any Charter before 1469; and even after that Period it appears that some Charters do, and others do not contain Clauses of Election, though granted in Favour of the same Burgh. — Thus Selkirk has produced Three Charters, only Two of which contain Clauses of Election; Banff has produced Three Charters, only One of which contains a Clause of Election; Stirling has produced Two Charters, and only One of them contains a Clause of Election.

3dly, It appears, that Burghs, some of whose Charters contain Clauses of Election, have not produced those Charters. Thus Elgin, in 1789, returned Two Charters, granted in the 13th and 14th Centuries, without Clauses of Election; but, on the 28th March 1793, a Third Charter was produced, containing a Clause of Election in Favour of the Burgesses. The Burgh of Pittenweem produced One Charter dated in 1593, which did not contain a Clause of Election; but a Copy of a Charter, certified by the proper Officer, from the public Records of Scotland, has been produced, containing a Clause of Election, dated 24th February, in the 28th Year of King Janies. Lochma-ben is in a similar Situation: That Burgh did not produce any Charter at all; but a certified Copy was procured from the Records of a Charter in 1612, containing a Clause of Election in Favour of the Burgesses.

The Charters in Favour of Forty-six of the present Royal Burghs contain Clauses respecting the Elections. Copies of those Clauses are annexed in the Appendix (A.) According to which, the Right of electing, or voting in the Elections, appears to your Committee to be as follows.

In Thirty-two Burghs, the Right of Election is granted either to Burgesses or Inhabitants alone, or to both, or either of them, joined with the Magistrates or other Persons in Office, or with the Community 32

In Eleven Burghs, the Right of Election is granted to the Provost, Baillies, Council, and Community - - - - -11

43

But Two Burghs, Bruntisland and Selkirk, have produced Two Charters, each containing Clauses of Election; by the One of which the Right is granted to the Bur-

fesses, and by the other to the Provost, laillies. Council, and Community; and in Rothsay, the Recital mentions, that the Burgesses had been in all past Times in the Use and Possession of Election; but the new Clause of Election is granted to the Provost, Baillies, Council, and Community; deducting, therefore, those Burghs whose Charters are Twice stated 3

Remain ----- 40

And in Six Burghs the Right of Election is granted to the Magistrates and Town Councils ----- - 6

46

In Eighteen Burghs there is no Clause of Election in the Charters produced - - - - 18

And Two Burghs have not produced any Charter - 2

----- 20

Total Number of Royal Burghs - 66

In Pittenweem and Whithorti the Right of Election was limited, with the Consent of the Prior and Convent of Pittenweem and Candide Cross respectively. In Culross, Inverary, Wick, and Cambelton, the Right of electing the Magistrates, but not of the Council, was limited to be made with the Consent of, or out of, Lists of a certain Number, to be given by particular Persons.

In Twenty-five of the Forty-six Burghs whose Charters contain Clauses of Election, the Election is appointed to be made Yearly. In Eighteen there is no Regulation how often the Election is to be made. In One Burgh the Election is to be made in the ordinary Way and Time; and in Three Burghs the Electors are empowered to depose or remove the Persons elected for reasonable Causes, when it shall appear expedient to them.

The Burgh of Aberdeen is One of the Eighteen whose Charters do not contain any Clause of Election. But Extracts from the Records of Election in that Burgh, from the End of the 14th to the End of the 16th Century (the Appendix (B.) contains a Note of the particular Years extracted, and Copies of the Records of Election for the Years 1399, 1408, 1435, J439> H74, 1475, M77, 1494, 1502, 1509, 1523, 1526, 1536, 1537, 1543, 1580) and several Acts of the Town Council of that Burgh, Decrees of the Court of Session, and a Writ under the Privy Seal respecting the Elections in that Burgh about the End of the 16th Century, have been produced. From these Papers it appears, that till the Year 1590, the Provost, Four Baillies, and Four Common Serjeants, were elected Annually in the Liber Communitatis, Curia Capitalis Burgi de Aberdeen, or Curia Capitalis Ballivorum de Aberdeen, holden on the First Monday or Tuesday after Michaelmas Yearly, by the express Votes of all the Citizens and Burgesses, or, as it is sometimes said of the whole Community, taken upon Rolls regularly called, and in which the Names of all the Persons absent were marked, frequently to a very considerable Number. Sometimes, however, the Records do not mention the Description of the Electors; and for 100 Years before 1590, One Person or another of the Name of Menzies was Annually elected Provost by the Electors, the Burgesses, Citizens, or Comburgesses, with One Exception in the Year 1535, when Andrew Cullane was elected Provost. In some Instances, particularly in 1399, t435, 1475, 1477, ar*d 1481, the Common Council also appears to have been elected in the Head Court, and at the same Time with the Magistrates. In 1408 and 1469 the Names of the Common Council are entered after the Election of Magistrates, at the Head Court, without mentioning that they were elected. And in the Years 1469, 1477, and 1481, the Names of the Common Council are entered, or they are mentioned, to be elected after some private Business had been done after the Election of the Magistrates.

The Common Council, however, appear to have been in general chosen in the Curia Gildae, or Curia Ballivorum Gildse, holden the Friday after the Head Court, where all the Brethren of the Guild were obliged to attend, and where their Names were entered in Rolls regularly called, and the Names of those absent marked in the same Manner as at the Head Court. In general, the Names of the Common Council are entered every Year, either before or after the other Business of the Meeting, and sometimes it appears to be the only Business of the Meeting. At other Times, the Election is particularly entered thus; Subscripti electi fuerunt in Communes Consiliarios, viz*. 1439 an<* 1474; and in 1474 the Record bears, that they were elected pro Anno sequente. In the Head Court, in the Year 1475 and 1477, the Council are also said to be elected pro Anno sequente vel instanti.

About the Middle of the 16th Century, it appears,

that

that the Council themselves, at Three different Times, elected, -named, or admitted certain Persons into the Council at the Curia Gild®; in the First Instance, after the Names of the Council had been entered in the ordinary Manner; in the Two others, before the Entry of the Names of the Council. The First Instance of this is in 1549, when Two Persons were added to the Council; and there are two other Instances, in 1580, when Five Persons were added, because some of the Old Council were dead, and in 1587, when Eight were added, without any. Reason except that the Recora says it was according to the Use. No other Instances appear; but in a Note upon the Margin of the First Instance of the Admission, Naming, or Election of Councillors by the Council in 1549, it is said, " that there are many similar Elections of Members of the Common Council by the " Council themselves alone, sometimes on the Occasion of the Annual Election at Michaelmas, and at " other Times when any Vacancy happened." The Annual Election is also mentioned in the Year 1580, when the Record states, " that the Council, understanding that ane certain Number of the auld Council, elected and chosen the last Year, are departed " and deceased, at the Pleasure of God, to the Num-."* her of 5, and therefore they thought it expedient to " adjoin Five others."

It appears to your Committee, that in the Records of Aberdeen produced, the Council is not mentioned particularly to have been elected, except in the Head Court in the Years 1399, 1435, 1475> *477. and 1481, and in the Guild Court in 1439 aQd *474; the Names of the Council being in general entered Yearly, in the Manner already mentioned at the Guild Court, where all the Brethren of the Guild were-obliged to attend; and in no Instance is the Description. of the Electors of the Common Council in general particularly mentioned. For in the Three Instances, 154-9, 1580, and 1587, certain Persons are named or chosen by the Council to be added to the Council, without saying how the other Members of the Council were elected. Those Three Instances appear at a very late Period of the Records, - and the First of them, is only about' Forty Years before the Action which, was brought in 1590. It appears also, that the Auditors of Accounts were elected at the Guild Court. In no Instance is the Description of the Electors ,of. the Auditors entered in the Record; but in general their Names appear to be entered at the Guild Court, in the same Manner as those of the Common Council, sometimes particularly mentioning that they were elected, and' sometimes not.

The Dean of Guild, and Master of Kirk and Bridge-Work, -are not mentioned in the Records till 1502. In general they are mentioned to be elected, sometimes before and sometimes, after the Entry of the Names of the Common Council, at the Guild Court; but there is no Description of the Electors,_ except in the Ten. Years from 1726 to 1736 inclusive, when they are-said at first to have been elected by the Advice of the Provost and Council, and in the Five last Years to have been chosen directly, by the Provost- and Council.. Thus in the Year 1526 it is said, that the Deans of Guild, and Masters of Kirk Work were elected by the Awyss (Advice) of the Provost, Baillies, and Council. . In 1528, the Deans of Guild are said to be chosen in the same Manner, but the Master of Kirk Work is said to be chosen directly by. the Provost and Council. In 1529, 1530, 1531, the Election is ip. the same Manner. In 1532, 1533, 1534, 1535, and 1536,. it is said that both the Deans of Guild, and Master of Kirk Work, were chosen by- the Provost and Council.' Copies of the-Records of Election 1523,. 1526, 1536, 1537, and 1538, are annexed in the Appendix, (B).

No Instances of any Disputes with respect to any of the Elections in Aberdeen appear from the Re-. Vot. 48.

Junii. 949

cords till the Year 1582, tfrhen it appear^ that Thir- Report teen Tradesmen or Craftsmen being called in the respecting " Suit Roll by their Names to give their Votes at the the " Head Court in the Election of the Provost, and scottend* u Baillies, and Officers, according to the common &c°

" Order and Consuetude of this Burgh, observit in " Times by past, every One answered by themselves " personally present, that they would give no Vote " nor Election of the said Judges and Officers quhill " (until) they be restored to their Liberty, and ad->

" joined to the Societie of others, Freemen of the " Burgh, and the Act, if any be made thereanent (i. e.

" concerning that Matter) annulled, and therefore refused to nominate any Person to exercise the said " Office, and took Acts and Instruments thereupon;

" and also Robert Menzies, Baillie, in Name of the " Town, took Acts and Instruments thereupon, and " protested that they be not heard to have Vote ia " Time coming because of their said present Refuse " without just Occasion."

The Election of the Provost, Baillies, and Serjeants, till the Year 1590, appears to have been made in the Head Court, and in general, though not aD ways, the Names of the Electors are mentioned, viz*, the Burgesses, Comburgesses, and Citizens, except in the Years 1586 and 1587, when the Artificers or Tradesmen are mentioned separately, viz'. De communi omnium Comburgensium et Artificum liberorum Consensu et Assensu.

On the 7th July 1587, a Decreet Arbitral was pronounced, by which it was ordered, " That concerning the bearing of Offices of Magistrates, such as " Provost, Baillies, Deans of Guild, and Treasurer, na.

" Craftsman shall aspire thereto unto the Time (i. e.

" until) they be promoted to be Brethreu of Guild;

" but (i. e. without) Prejudice always that it shall be.

" leisome (i. e. lawful) to the said Craftsmen to chuse.

" Six Persons of their own Number Yearlie to be upon.

" Leets, of whom the Council shall chuse Two,

" thereof Yearlie, who shall have Place with the rest,

" of the ordinary Auditors to hear and see all and sun-,

" dry the Town's Accounts both of Property and,

" Casualtie."

At the Michaelmas Election in the Year 1590, Two Things appear on the Records, of which there is no Example in any other Year; 1st. " It was referred to.

" the Town, viz', this Day in their Head Court, after,

" the Election of the Provost and Baillies, That be.

" the Negligence and uudetful Diligence of the Serjeands of this Burghs usit thir zeirs by past, in not " putting to dew Execution the Actis G.iffin to thame " to be executed, not awaiting on their Bailzies at all " Times convenient, as their Dewtie was, quhairthrow " the Town; and the Magistrates has oft Tymes been " miservit; and that in the Diligence of guid Officers,

" and thair l&nchfull Discharge of their Offices, ane.

" guid Part of the Weil of this Town'consists, there-,

" fore thay leiss the Election of the Serjeands and.

" Officiars ordinar to the Bailzies this Day electit, to,

" be chosen be tfiame be ilk ane Bailzie his own,

" Officiar, for quhaise dew Execution in his Office.

" and Diligence, the Baillie sail be answerable to the " Town." In all the preceding Elections it appears that the Serjeands were elected in the same Manner as the Provost and Baillies. 2dly. In the Guild Court the Provost, Baillies, and Council appear in this One Instance to have sat in the Council House, and separate from the Guild Brethren: " While One of the " Baillies was sitting in Judgement in Presence of the " whole Brethren of the Guild convcened this Day in " their Guild Court." At this Meeting the Provost,

Baillies, and Council began and censurit (i. e. enquired into the Conduct of) the Whole of the Council, in Number Twenty-.three Persons, and removed a Mr.

John Cheyne as a " Person unmeet to be of the Council, ana worthy of Deprivation, because he denied

ill "the

A. 1793.

956

17° Junii.

Report *c the Constancie of the Council and the Continuance

" of the Persons thereof; that he alledged there had

Burgfaof U ^een no lawful Council in the Burgh for many

ScoUjuU. " Years; that he sought Tradesmen to be adjoined

" to the Council, and would not declare that no ''‘ Tradesman should bear Office, nor be upon the " Council according to the Mind (i. e, Meaning) of " an Appointment and Indenture made betwixt the " Burgesses of Guild and Tradesmen of the same Bearing." (The Tenbr of the Indenture does not appear in the Record.)

1590. — In this Year it appears that an Action or Actions were brought in the Court of Session " at " the Instance of his Hienes Advocate for his Interest,

and Robert Lowrenstoun, Johne Lnyng, Alexander " EWyn, James Steward Robert Stewart, George u Forlees, Maister John Cheyne, William Gray, William Mdrr, Alexander Stevin, Alexander Ronaldsone, Thomas Donaldsone, Alexander Ruddock, John Bannerman, John Fergusson, George n JLayng, George Elphinstone, William Wallace, Thomas Cuik, Mathew Guild, Lawrence Mersser, " David Castell, Andro Henrysone, Andro Cassie, " Robert Roray, Andro Kyng, John Sanderis, Ro-

bert Sanderis, Andro Darg, Andro Mylne, John " Fraser, Andro Schorar, William Hay, and Alexander Lilster, Burgesses and Craftsmen of the Burgh *k of Aberdene for thameselfes and remanent Burgesses, Craftismen and Communide of the said " Burgh, against certain Persons, Provo6t, Baillies, " and pretended Councellors of the said Burgh " of Aberdeen, setting forth that by the Acts of Parliament the Provost, Baillies, and others having' " Office within Burgh, shall be changed Yearly, and " that no Officer nor Council shall be continued " longer than One Year; but nevertheless the Magistrates and Council of Aberdeen having amassit " themselves into a Faction to procure Lordship, and " without being lawfully elected according to the " Acts of Parliament, had continued to sit for Thirty *f Years, or at least for many Years, without lawful " Election of Chatige, except it was to place the Son " in the Fathers Place as One happened to die, and " therefore concluding that the Elections from the Year 1560 should be declared void, and that in " Time coming the Magistrates and Council should be " elected without any further Continuation than for " One Year."

On the 20th of July 1591, and before Judgment was pronounced, in this Action, a Writ was issued under the Privy Seal of King James VI, in which it is stated, " That the Council of Aberdeen had continued since their First Election unaltered or changed " for the Space of 40 or 50 Years, according to the " Consuetude of the Burgh observit the Space of 100 " Years before; that the Act of Parliament about " changing the Yearly Council had never taken " Effect in that Burgh; and that the Persons once " lawfully chosen on Council had continued till the " Time of their Death, subject to the Tryal of the " Neighbours of the said Burgh; and in case of any

Fault or Crime, the same has been ordourlie tried " on the Guild Court Day, after the Election of the " Magistrates, and those found guilty removed, and " others placed in their Rooms, from which great " Tranquility and Concord has followed in the said " Burgh; and in respect of many other Inconveniences which the Yearly changing of the Council might <c carry with it, the Annual Disorder and Dissention,

" and the infinite Confusion and Peril which commonly " accompanies all new Changes in Commonwealths,

" it is declared, that the same Council shall remain in

<lall Time coming; and in case of their Decease, or " tried Unworthiness, that the other Members of the " Council shall elect others in their Places, it being <l understood that the same Council shall be Yearly

" thereafter elected by Vote of Council, and such other " Ceremonies as are accustomed in Election of Magistrates within Burgh, notwithstanding the Act of " Parliament concerning the Yearly Change and " Election, which is dispensed with in that Part concerning the changing the Council only."

Notwithstanding this Dispensation, and the Perils of Changes, the Magistrates and Council, little more than Two Months afterwards, on the 1st of October 1591, made an Act of Council, in which they assert strongly, " That it/ was the aniient Custom of the " Burgh to continue the Council to the Day of their " Death, unless tried and found guilty of some Crime, (.‘ which was the Cause of the great flourishing of tho " Burgh, and the avoiding the Inconveniences of " Yearly Change; but that the present Age had produced restless and unquiet Spirits, seeking Change " and Alterations, quarrelling the Council that had " been for 50 Years by past, accusing the Provost; " Baillies, Dean of Guild, Treasurer, and other Office " Men, of unlawful Usurpations of thair Offices, and " pursuing them, and the Persons of the Council, before the Lords for the same; therefore; to remove " the Occasion of great Discord that had fallen out " within the Burgh, and greater likely to ensue if not " prevented, die Council ordered the Acts of Parliament to be followed ;" that isj the Old Council to " choose the New, Four Persons, of the Old to be chosen Yearly into the New Council, and the New and Old Council to chuse the Magistrates. The Election for the Year 1591 appears accordingly to have been made in that Manner; but it also appears, that Four of the Deacons of Trades refused to give any Vote in the Election although required.

That this Mode of Election did not. satisfy the Citizens appears from an Act of the Council on tho 25thi. December 1591, about Two. Months after this. Election, by which the New Council of the Burgh so elected, with a great Part of the Old Council, considering that the most principal Head of the Con-traversie with which the Burgh has been troubled,

" consists in the electing of the Council, notwithstanding that the Council has been chosen and " elected this Year, according to the Act of Parliament, be the auld Councel of the Year preceding;

" and that the Provost, Baillies, and others Office men,

" be the common Vote and Suffrages of the auld " and new Councils this Year, has been elected; according to the Mind and Tenor of the Act of Parliament made anent the chuaing of Officiars within " Burgh, with the whilk (which) Fomm a great Part " of the Commonalitie cannot as yet be content, cray-u ing another Form of the electing of the Counsel " nor has been observit within the Burgh of auld " and ancient Time, or prescribed to be embraced " and followed be the said Act of Parliament," the Old and New Council therefore direct, that a Supplication in their Name should be presented, to the Lords of Session, praying that they would either approve tho Election according to the Act of Parliament, and decern the some to be observit in alk Time coming, or that the Lords- Would, bytbefr Decision and Declaration, set down such Form as should be observed in Times coming concerning the electing of the Council, Provost; Baalhes, and Officemen of the said Burgh; and for that Purpose the Dean of Guild is ordered to pay or disburse Twelve-Crowns oif the Sun, or Silver equivalent, to the Town's Three Procurators or Advocates, to be allowed to the Dean of Guild in his Accounts.

After the Acts under the Privy Seal, and by the Town Council, the lords' of Session pronounced Judgment in the Actions by Two different Decrees; the First on the 2ist January 1591 (the Return says that the Year (hen began on the 25th of March) and the Second on the 20th. Day of May 1593. By the First 12 they

1st January »59<»-

17° In.

951

they " discharged the Action for declaring the Elec. " tion void from 1560 to 1590, without giving any " Reason for the Judgment; and ordered, that in all Time coming the Election should be in Terms of " the Acts of Parliament." By the Second Decree they found, " That the Election 1591, as set forth " by the Magistrates and Council, was made according to the Acts of Parliament; and therefore they " found the Plaintiffs liable in Costs."

notwithstanding these Judgments, the Burgesses appear " before and at the ensuing Election, on the " 28th September 1592, to have assembled in Arms " in the Greyfriars Church Yard, and the Rews " (Streets) adjoining, and in the House of Mr. John " Cheyne, and in the House and Lodging of William " Gray, in the Gallow Gate;" and Double Elections were made by both Parties, although the particular Circumstances of the Elections do not appear, the Records being expunged in Obedience to the Decreet Arbitral after-mentioned. The Burgesses, or Community, or Commons, or Neighbours, as they are described in different Parts of the Proceedings, brought Actions against the Magistrates and Council, ".for Oppression, " Bluid, and Deeds of Wrong," for reducing the Election made by the Council, and they even obtained a Determination of the Burghs at Ivirkcaldie in their Favour, from which the Council brought an Appeal or Suspension to the Court of Session. Various other Actions, at the same lime, were brought by the Magistrates, and Burgesses or Community, respectively, against each other.

These Disputes were submitted to the Arbitration of King James the Sixth, as Umpire; along with Four Lords of Sessioo, Four Clergymen, and Four Burgesses of Edinburgh, in all Thirteen; and the Arbitrators', on the 7th December 1.592, elected or named a rietf Magistracy and Council, declared the Elections by both Parties void, and -ordered them, to be expunged from the Books, and that in all Time coming the Acts of Parliament* should be precisely observed. - Another Decreet Arbitral: was afterwards pronounced by the Commissioners of Twenty Burghs, assembled in their General Convention holden at Aberdeen hi. 1596,. ott a Submission or Bond of Arbritation made to therti by certain Commissioners of the Council, and- of the Tradesmen or Craftsmen, concerning the Number* of Tradesmen who should have Vote Yearly in the Election of Magistrates. This Decreet decerns and ordains that " Two Craftsmen of the Old Council and i* Two of the New, with Six Deacons of Trade, ill u all Ten, shall vote in the Yearly Election of Magistrates; and that in case of the Absence of any " of ithem, it should be lawful for the Remainder to " chuse and present One or more qualified Persons *‘.hv Place -of those absent, to have Vote as if the " Persons absent -were personally present; and if " any-uf the Provost, Baillies, Dean of . Guild, Treasurer, -and Council Old and New, in all 30, besides " the Tradesmen, «r 31, be the Provost's odd Vote, " shall happen to be absent at the Election, it should " be lawful to the remaining Members of- the Council "to* elect another person or Persons in Place of " those so absent, to have Vote in the Election as *?if they had1 -all; been present." By this Decree it appears, that the Number of Tradesmen and Number of Goildry voting in the Election of Magistrates is fixed at the respective Numbers contained in the present Sect.

On the 1st January 1592, an Act of foe Guild Court was made for recording the Decreet Arbitral 1592. It is in the following Words:

‘ The said day the haill towne being lawfollie war-‘ nh to this day be the hand Bell passand throw the

haill rewis of the Towne, quhair upon the berar

maid fayth, and compeirand for the maist pairt

within the Tolbuyth representand the baili bodye . Vox. 48-

of the Town. It was exponlt and declarit to thamc Report be Thomas Meinzies; appearand of Pume, Provost, respecting Quhow That our Sovereigns Lord the Kinged Ma- ^7of jestle as Oversman, with tour of the Senators of his Scotland. Hienes Colledge of Justice, four Ministers of Chrysts Evangil, and Four Burgesses of the Burgh of Edinburgh, as Judges Arbitrators and amicabill Compositors, haid pronouncit their Decreet upon anse Submission made be the said Thomas, Alex' Ruther-fuird, Robert Meinzies, David Meinzies Younger,

Maister David Rutherfuird, and Maister Robert Chalmor, for thamselfis and taken the burden upon thame, for the remanent auld and new Counsal of the said Burgh, on the One Pairt, and be William Gray, Robert Stewart, Alexander Ewyn, Maister John Cheyne, Alexander Stewin, and John Mersser, for thameseltis, and taking the burden upon thame, for the remanent their neichbours of the said Burgh on the other part; anent the Election of the Council, Provost, Baillies, Dean of Gild, Threasurer, and utheris Officemen of the said Burgh, for this Zeir and in tyme cuming, for settling and quyeting of all Controversies and Debaitts that was therea-nent betwix the Caunsall of this Burgh and the Communitie thairof, Qnhilk Decreet with the Letters following thairupon the said Provost causit reid oppinlie in Judgment, in Audience of the haill Town conveened for the maist Part, representand the haill bodye as said is, and the same being red with the Letters foresaid purchest thairupost, war decernit and ordainit to be insert and registrate in the Bailiie Court Buiks of this Burgh, ad futuram rei memoriam, be the- Provost and Baillies judiciallie settand, with express consent and assent of the Town, conveenit as raid is, Quha all in ane voice but ony opposition or contradiction ratefeit, affirmit, and approvit the foresaid: Decreet in all Poynts, Articles, Clauses, and Conditions of the samen, and be their Hand is uphauldin promisit foithfullie to answer, intend, and obey to' the Provost, Baillies, Council, Dean of Gild Mid the Sairrer, therein nommat, -as to their lawful Magistrates for this present Zeir, And to obff tefoper and obey to the said Decreet hereafter anent - the Election of the Magistrates of this Burgh, ac-f cording to the roynd thereof, Quhairupon the said

Thomas Meinzies for himself and remanent Per-

tones bindand with him for the auld and hew Couri-f sails, and in thair Names, and the said Maister John

Gheyne, in the Name of the Communitie, tuik Acth i *pd Instrumentis, and Forder the said ThotnaS ‘ Menzies Provost, George Forbes, Maister Patrick ' Cheyne, and William Gray, Baillies, nominat in the ‘ said Decreet for this present Yeir, war of new again ‘ selemnlie 1 sworne judkiallie for faythful Administra*

tion of thait Ofliceis, quhil Wednesday immediately

preceding Michaelmas next cumis, Quhilk is the \ ordinar aaye of Election, And to ministrat Justice ‘ indiflferentlie to the haill Inhabitants of this Burgh;

but respect of Persones, and to advance the common weil thereof according to their Power, Quhair-

upon the said Mr. John Cheyne in the* name of the ‘ Communitie tuik Acts and Instruments. Of the ‘ Quhilk Decreet and Letteris the tenor follows/

&c\

It appears to your Committee, that although the Action brought by the Burgesses before the Lords, the Act of1 Privy Seal and the Act of Council 1591, agree that the Council had continued themselves without Change, yet that there is great Difference as to the Time the Council had continued; the Burgesses say, the Council had continued Thirty Years, or at least divers Years; the Writ under the Privy Seal says, Forty or Fifty Years, ‘according to the Custom observed for One hundred Years before; and both the Writ and Act of Council say, that the ancient CustQm was to continue foe Council without Change

to

952 . \TJunii. - A. 1793.

feeport to the Time of their Decease, unless tried and found new Council proceed to the Election of the Magistrates,

€uilty 80me fault. and at the said Election the Community of the Burgh

iiurgbfcof It appears that these Papers differ likewise froili do still name a Person to " represent them, who is to

Scotland the Records of Election. When the Council were " have a Vote in the Election of Magistrates only, elected at the Head Court at the same Time with " but not of the New Council, and that besides the the Magistrates, as in the Years 1399, 1435, 1475, " ordinary Town Council of Seventeen Persons; but 1477, and 1481, it does not appear how they were " the aforesaid Representative of the Community is elected; and in the Years 1408, and 1477, where the " no further a Member of the Town Council, nor has Names of the Council were entered at the Head " no Vote, but simply in the said Election." And it Court, without mentioning that they were elected, it likewise appeals, that the Words Community and Bur-does not appear to your Committee that the Case was eesses are used in the following Manner in the Leges different; in the Years 1469, 1477, and >481, it ap- Burgorum, and Statuta Gilds, mentioned in the Pe-pears that some Proceedings in Civil Actions, or titions; for, in the Leges Burgorum, Ca. 76, it is extaking of Inquests, are entered on the Record between pressly said, " Brokers sould be elected and chosen the Election of Magistrates and the Election or Entry " commonlie be all the Burgesses; and they sould be of the Names of the Common Council; in the Years " of gude Brute and Fame, and sould sweare to be 1468, and 1528, 1551, 1563, 1564, and a few more, " faithfull to the King, to the Provost and Baillies of it appears that similar Inquests, or private Business, are " the Burgh, in full and plane Court" And in Cap. entered in the Records of the Guild Court, before any 27, of the Statuta Gildse, it is said, " That Brokers other Business of the Meeting, and that the Names of " sail be chosen be the Communitie of the Towne, and the Common Council are entered either before or after " that they sail pay ane Punscheon of Wine to the Town the Election or Entry of the Names of the Deans of " Zearlie, without Delay, at Michaelmas; and without Guild, Masters of Kirk Work. Auditors of Accounts, " Delay their Names sail be noted be the Common &c. and in the Years 1474, 1475, and 1477, it ap- " Council."

pears, that the Council were elected for One Year It likewise appears by the following Act of the Act 1469, only; for the Record bears expressly, that they were Scottish Parliament, where the Word Commons is elected pro Anno sequente, or pro Anno instanti. This used, that a new and uniform Mode of Election of likewise appears from the Marginal Note 1540, men- the Magistrates and Common Council of the Royal tioning the Annual Election, and from the Record in Burghs appears to have been introduced. The Act the Year 1580, "where the Council understanding is in the following Words; "Item, Touching the " that a certain Number of the Council elected and " Election of Officiars in Burrows, as Aldermen, Bailchosen the last Year are departed and deceased, to " lies, and other Officers, because of great Contention " the Number of Five Persons, thought it expedient " Yeirly for the chusing of the samme thro' Multito adjoin Five others in their Places." " tude and Clamour of Commons simple Persons, it is

Although in the Writ under the Privy Seal in July " thought expedient that na Officiares nor Counsel 1591, it is said, the Council continued to their Death " be continued after (according to) the King's Law9 subject to the Trial of the Neighbours of the Burgh; " of Burrows further than One Year, and that the that is, as appears from other Parts of the Proceedings, " chusing of new. Officiars be in this wise, that is to the Burgesses, for a Default or Crime, and that such " say, That the Auld Council of the Town shall chuse Trial was ordourlie. made the First Guild Court Day " the New Council in sik Number as accordis to the after the Election of Magistrates, yet there is no In- " Town, and that the New Council and the Auld in stance of any such Trial in the Records, till the Case " the Zier aforesaid shall chuse all Officiars pertaining of Mr. John Cheyne, already mentioned, in the Year " to the Town, as Aldermen, Baillies, Dean of Guild,

1590. This One Instance is recorded with great For- " and other Officiars, and that the Crafts shall chuse tnaility. The Provost, Baillies, and Council resolved, " a Person of the samine Craft that shall have Vote in that the whole Council should be censurit (i. e. their " the said Election of Officers for the Time in likewise Conduct inquired into). Notice was given to the " Year by Year." . i* .

whole Brethren of the Guild assembled in their Guild It appears from the Act, that " because of the Court, and, as it is said, they made no Objection to " great Contention Yearly for the chusing Aldermen, any of the Council, the Magistrates and Council pro- " Baillies, and other Officers, through Multitude and ceeded to censure themselves. " Clamour of Commons simple Persons," a new Mode

In the Papers produced respecting Aberdeen, the of Election, not of the Magistrates only, but of the Word Communitas appears to be used as synonithous Council also, is appointed, viz'. " That na Officiaries to Cives et Burgenses. In the Annual Elections of " nor Council be continued after (according to) the the Magistrates in the Head. Court, they are said " King's Laws of Burrows further than One Year;* sometimes to be elected Consensu et Assensu totius and " that the Auld Council of the Town shall chuse Cominunitatis, sometimes per communem Electionem, " the New Council, and the New Council and the sometimes de communi omnium Burgensium.et Civium " Auld in the Year aforesaid shall chuse all Officiars Consensu et Electione, sometimes de communi majoris " pertaining to the Town, as Aldermen, Baillies, Dean Partis Comburgensium Consensu et Voto; and in One " of Guild, and other Officiaries." s"

Year, 1582, it appears, that certain Tradesmen refused The Passages of the Leges Burgorum and Statuta to vote as Members of the Community, until they Gilds, referred to in the Petitions, are in the following should be restored to their Liberties, and adjoined to Words: >-: ., . < c- »i:S "

the Society of other Freemen. In the Acts of the The Leges Burgorum, Cap. 77. — " Ad primum Town Council, 1590 and 1591, the Word Commons " Placitum Sancti Michaelis elegendi sunt Pnepositi is used for Community, and as distinct from the Coun- " de Consilio Communi proborum Hominum Villas, cil; and in the Court holden for approving of the " qui sint fideles atque bonse Fame." — The Statutes Decreet Arbitral, 1592, certain Persons appeared for of the Guild, Cap. 33, 34. " Statuimus quod Com-

the Council, on the one Part, and others for the Neigh- " mune Consilium et Communia gubementer per vi-bours or Communitie, on the other Part; and the Per- " ginti quatuor probos Homines de melioribus, dis-sons appearing for the Community took Instruments, " cretioribus, et Fidei dignioribus ejusdem Burgi, ad or authentic Certificates, of the Oaths sworn by the " hoc dilectos una cum Majore et quatuor Prapositis. Magistrates and Council to obey the Decreet. Ar- " Et quundocunque pnedicti. viginti quatuor Homines bitral. " fuerint ad commune Negotium tractandum vocati,

Appendix, From the Papers produced by the Burgh of Kirk- " qui non venierint ad Citationem sibi factam ultra (C.) N° 23. cmjbngi^ it appears, that at Michaelmas, Yearly, the " Noctem, emeudet in duos Solidos. Statuimus

" quod

33 Geo. III. \T Jumi: 953

" quod Major et Praepositi eligantur per Visum et or explained, or recorded, in the Course of the present Report reConsiderationem totius Communitatis. Et si aliqua Century, do not appear. Ro^nf th?

" Contraversia fuerit in Electione Majoris vel Prsepo- At whatever Time the Setts were introduced, it ap- Of°|cotland.3 " sitorum, fiat tunc Electio per Sacramentum viginti pears that they were riot in general known to the Conquatuor Hominum praedicti Burgi Electorum per vention of Burghs at the Time of the Union. For in " Communiam." the Year 1708, the Convention finding, " That nothing

Upon the Whole it appears to your Committee, " created more Trouble to them than Irregularities That in the Burgh of Aberdeen the Election of the " and Abuses committed by. particular Bdrghs in Council, sometimes in the Guild Court and sometimes " electing Magistrates and Councils, contrary to their in the Head Court, continued for some Time after " Setts and ancient Constitutions, appointed each the Act 1469, and the Election of the Magistrates in " Royal Burgh to send their Sett to the Clerk of the the Head Court continued for more than 120 Years. " Convention to be recorded in a particular Book, to Before the Act 1469, none of the Charters produced " the End that any Question about the Setts might contain any Clauses of Election; but after the passing " be quickly discussed on producing that Book." A of that Act, a Majority of the Charters which contain great many Setts were accordingly Sent to the Con-Clauses of Election specially grant the Election to the vention, and many of those produced appear to have Burgesses, Inhabitants, or Community, either alone, been copied from the Book in which they were ordered or joined with the Provost, Baillies, and Coun- to be recorded.

cil. By the Acts of the Scottish Parliament Orie thousand

Four hundred and Sixty-nine, and One thousand Four Ildly. The present Mode of Election of the Ma- hundred and Seventy-four, mentioned in the Petitions, gistrates and Common Councils. it was appointed that the Old Council should choose

The Setts or Constitutions of the Royal Burghs ap- the New Council, and that those Two should choose thri pear generally to contain the Practice and Usage of the Magistrates or Office Bearers; and that Four Persons several Burghs, and are intended to direct the future out of the Old should be chosen Yearly into the New'

Elections of the Magistrates and Counsellors. Council: By these Acts a Principle of Self-electiorj

Fifty-nine of the Burghs have produced Copies of appears to have been introduced, their Setts, or Papers respecting the m. One of the This Principle appears to pervade all of the present Burghs, viz*. Campbeltown, instead of a Sett has pro- Setts produced, except perhaps the last Sett of Stirling, duced a Copy of a Letter from the Earl Argyle in 1710, the Sett of Rutherglen, and the Sett of Wick \ and eveii naming the Magistrates and Council, as he was entitled in those Burghs the Principle of Self-election seems1 tp to do by the Charter at the first Election; and inform- operate in some Degree.

ing them, " that we shall give you Instructions by the , A State or Abstract of the present Systems of Elecnext to chuse your Commissioners for the current tion in Sixty of the Burghs, so far as warranted by the " Parliament." A Copy of the Sett, as recorded in the Papers produced, is annexed in the Appendix (C.). tq Books of the Convention after the Union, has also which, and to the Papers themselves, your Committee been produced. The Six Burghs of Anstruther Wester, refer for an Account of the various Modifications of the Dornock, Inverary, Nairn, Lochmaben, and Jedburgh, Principle of Self-election, and the widely different; have not produced any Setts. Ways of carrying it into execution. In general, it

At what Time the Majority of the Setts were first appears to your Committee; that in Thirteen Burghs, introduced in Practice, or reduced to Writing, does N° 9. Ayr; 15. Anstruther Easter; 16. Dumfries; not appear. A Decreet Arbitral of King James re- 17. Inverness; 20. Inverkeithing; 23. Kircudbright; specting the Sett of Edinburgh, and another of King 24. Wigton; 29. Dunbar; 35. Craill; 43. Lauder;

James, with Twelve other Persons, respecting the Sett 52. Stranraer; 53. Whithorn; and 54. Dingwall, the of Aberdeen, were pronounced so early as . the End of Majority of the Council either may or must be con? the 16th Century. Other Decrees Arbitral of private tinued without Change or Re-election; that in N° 20,

Persons, or Acts of the Convention of Burghs, or of Kingdom, One Half of the Council are continued the respective Town Councils, respecting the Setts of without Election, and that there is no Restriction Six Burghs, Perth, Haddington, Kirkalay, Inverness, against re-electing the Majority of the Remainder:

Rutherglen, and Culross, are also produced, dated in that in Two Burghs, N# 10, Haddington, and N° 36, the Middle and End of the last Century. The Burghs Banff, One less than the Half of the Council is con-of Cupar and Sanquhar appear to have had no Setts even tinued, and that with that Number a Majority of the at the beginning of this Century. The particular Dates Council may be re-elected; that in Thirty-four Burghs^ of the other Setts, except so far as they have been altered, viz*.

N° 2. Perth,

3. Dundee,

6. Linlithgow,

7. St Andrews,

8. Glasgow,

11. Dysart,

13. Montrose, 18. Bruntisland,

21. Brechin,

22. Irvine,

25. Pittenweem, 27. Dumbarton,

N® 28. Renfrew,

30. Lanerk,

31. Arbroath,

32. Elgin,

33. Peebles,

34. Tain,

37. Forfar.

38. Rothsay,

39. Forres,

41. North Berwick,

42. Cullen,

N® 46. Sanquhar,

47. New Galloway,

48. Queensferry,

49. Kintore,

50 Inverury,

51. Inverbervie,

55. Selkirk,

56. Culross,

58. Fortrose,

60. Kirkwall,

The Council or a Part of the Council, elect the Majority of the New Council, without there being any Restrictions in the Sett against their re-electing a Majority of themselves; that in Four Burghs, N° 4. Aberdeen; 12. Kirkaldy; 14. Cupar; and 26..Diim-fermline, the Old Council elect the New, but a Majority of the Counsellors for the ensuing Year must be different Persons,

Vol. 48.

But besides what appears from the Setts of the Burghs, in which the Old Council may re-elect themselves into the New, if there be any Restriction against the Re-election of the Majority of the Old Council into the New, the only Difference is, that the Burghs, where there is such Restriction, will be in the same Situation as N° 4, Aberdeen, where the Majority of the Counsellors must be changed Annually, but where the

11 K Persons

b.

17° Jfuniii

a.

hcport re- Persons who go orit of the Council One Year, may be speeting the re-elected at the Distance of a Year, by the Persons Koval Burgh* they themselves had elected for that Year.

#f Scotland. This Fact of the Self-election of the Councils, or the perpetuating the Power of leading Men in the Council, appears from the First Sett of Dunfermline, N° 26, and also from the very strong Evidence of the Sett of Stirling. By the old Sett of that Burgh, N# 5, Eleven out of Twenty-one of the Council were ordered by the Sett to be changed Yearly, and the Magistrates could not be continued in the same Office above Two Years. The Election 1773 was declared void, as being brought about by undue Influence and Corrupt Practices, and the Burgh was deprived of Magistrates and Council. A Petition was presented to the king in' Council for a Warrant to restore the Magistrates and Council, and to make some Alterations in the Sett; and upon the Opinions of the then Attorney and Solicitor General, tind the Lord Advocate for Scotland, tipon a Reference to them arid a Comriiittee' of thd Privy Council, a new Sett was given, by Which His Majesty in Council directs, that iri order to prevent " Abuses to which the old Practice was liable," a Majority of the Council shall be chosen by the Merchants arid Trades every Year, and Two Thirds Of the Council shall be elected Yearly. The following Account of the Effect of the former Sett appears, as . stated in the Petition on which the Warrant fot* the hew Sett proceeds: " Eleven Members were Chahged or turned out of the Couricii, Yearly; but the Guildry or Meixharits had rib Choice in the Merrihers brought into Council out of their Own Nhm-|* her, neither had they any Choice of thfeir ovvtt Dean . " of Guild, he being elected arid preserited to titerif by the Common Council. That although no Person could by Election be continued in the Magis- t.racy of said Burgh longer than TwO Years at One " Time, yet One Magistrate might, and by Practifcb " often did, continue in Couricii as One of the SfeVdri " Ordinary Merchant Councillors, Or be fnade Dean !" of Guild* and so. remain iri any of these Offices frit " another Year, and could be again re-elected ak Pri>-yost or Baillie for anothef Year, whereby the leading " Members in the Council had it in their Power to " perpetuate themselves in Office, and to maridge arid u do in all Matters in the Burgh as they thought xt proper."

Your Committee have thought. It unnecessary to fenter into any Detail of the Various Modes of electing the Magistrates, except in so far as they come within the Description of Members of the Common Councils. Iri some Instances, the Magistrates are elected but of the Members of the Couricii, as in Aberdeen, and in others, out of Persons not in the Council. Iri general, the Council for the preceding Year form the Majority of the Electors Of the Magistrates for the next Year; but ih Four Instances, Anstruther Easter, Kilrenny, Kirkwall, Wick, and perhaps One or TVo more, the Magistrates are chosen by a popular Election. Wherever that is the Case, however, they are choseh out of Lists or Ledts given Ky ‘the Council, either of themselves, or other Persons. Thus in Anstruther Easter, the Majority of the Couricii continue withofat Election; the Four Magistrates are chosen by the Burgesses out of Lists of Nine Persons for Bailltes giveri by the Baillies, of which there are always Three, and of Three for the Treasurer given by himself, of which he is always Ope. The Case is similar in Kilrenny and Kirkwall. In Wick, if the Successor of the Earl of Caithness has riot resumed the Right of consenting to the Choice of the Magistrates, which it is said in the Sett he had relinquished, the Magistrates are elected by the Burgesses, and those Magistrates elect the Council, Jf the Earl's Successors have resumed the Eight of Assenting to the Election of Magistrates, of which no Evidence appears in the Papers produced, the Eight

of Election is virtually exercised by him'; for the Burgesses must elect Magistrates to whose Appointment he, will consent, and those Magistrates, iri so far as appears from the Sett, have the Right of noriiinating the Council.

With Respect to the particular Modes of Election in each Burgh, and the various and minute Regulations, respecting the Number and Description of the Magistrates and Members of Council, the Leets or Lists iri choosing Magistrates, Councillors, arid Deacons, arid1 ethdr Usages of a! like Nature, the Setts differ very widely, and do riot appear to depend on any certain or Uniform Authority. A great Part of them appear to have ariseif frorri local Usages. Thus Wigtown certifies to the' Convention in 1709, that the Sett had been Observed for Fifteen Years and upwards; Cupar, iri 1710, that the Sett had been observed Forty Years arid upwards, and riiany others. Indeed a Nufnbef of the Setts produced appear to have been copied from the Record the Convention established in 1708. Others of the Setts, Sach as Crailf, Banff, Kirkwall, Kinghorri, and Rutherglen, appear to have beeh framed by the Town Couricils. Some Setts originally framed or altered by the Town Councils, have received the Approbation of the General Convention of Royal Burghs. Other Setts, such as Perth, Duirifertriline, Inverness, Kirkaldy, InvbrkeitHing, Rigid, Taih, Glasgow, Aberdeen, Edinburgh Queensferry,. arid Saricjuhar, seem to owe their Forte to tteciSidifs of private Persons, or of Com-ffiittefes of the general Cotivention, ‘ on Arbitrations, fnade tb therri by rersoris who at the Time appear to have bfebri in the Offices of the Magistracy, Council, CrdiitlH, br Trades, tholteh yorir Committee cannot disedver iri dhy of the Papei's produced, what Authority such Persons had tb'stibmit the public Righto Of thl Coiriparii6s/of Corporations, or other Privileges, bfelbnging either to rite m of tb the Trades or Burgesses at large.

It does not appear to your Committee, that any of the Setts, fexcept Aberdeen, and perhaps Cupar, and One Or Tri o mOfe, are according to the Acts of Parliament hientione^ in the Papers produced, neither do they appear to be in Conforriiity with the Charters Which contain ClaUSes of Election'; and it is evident^ that neither In the Acts of Parliament nor in the -Chatters is there arty Foundation or Authority for riiany Of the local Usages that have been introduced respecting th'e Modes of Election in particular Burghs. It ftppeairs, that m'ariy of the Setts have befen altered, either rriote or less materially, in the Course of the present Century, either by the Authority of the Town Councils themselves, ‘aided hi general by the Appro-, bation Of the Coriventibh, or by the Convention, or by Decrees Arbitral of private Fersoris, or by Usage. In New Galloway in particular, though the Sett produced in 1788 is said to have been observed since the first Erection of the Burgh in 1629, yet it is materially different from the Sett returned to the Convention in 1709 without any Authority appearing for the Change; and iri Selkirk, in the sdme Manner the Sett recorded in the Books of Convention states, that the Council were continued without- Election, but by the Sett produced to the House of Commons m 17S8, it appears there is a regular Annual Election.

Iirdly. Whether'Ta x'es have been imposed without the Authority of Parliament, or a greater Sum levied in Name Qf Cess, Stent, or-Land Tax, than is paid to Government, and is expended in the Collefction, taken together.

In the Year 1789^0 Order was made for an Account of all Sums levied under the Name of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, in each of the Royal Buegbs for the last Ten Years, distinguishing the Sums levied in each Year; an Accdririt of aTfiSuiris of Money paid the Collectors as the Expence of collecting the same; and iiri

Account

03 CtEA, III. .1V. ?mii, §55>

Account of all Sums of Monfey paid the Receiver " Treasurer, and in the Use of collecting the Cess, and Report re-General of the Land Tax in Scotland from each of the " he affirms that he never had any Salary for doing so; spiting the Royal Burghs, in the Name of Cess, Stent, or Land " but that since 1777, when the Town made up the of°ScoUandW ^ax, iW each ql} fop aaiR ljat'Tep Yedrs.: " deficient Cess tv hiqy he js again ooqsidembly in.

The Five Burghs of Pittenweem, Austruther Wester, " Advance for deficient Cess, owing to his Lenity in Selkirk, Lochmaben, and Domock, made no Returns " not prosecuting such as were taxed by the Stent to this Order. The Land Tax payable by them u Masters, who plead Excuses -that have not beau ajnounts to £,8o.| 185. SJ.per Annum; or, for Ten " brought to an Issue."

Years, the Time specified in the Order, £. 809. 6$. 8 d.\ The following! Tables contain thp Sums levied, Col-

The Burgh of Anatruther Easter has made a Return, lector's Salary, and the Amount of the Land Tax paid fn which neither the Sum collected nor the Sum paid Government, the Difference between then} for. Ten is mentioned; but it Is said that prior to Michaelmas Years, the Peripd of the Orders, land the Average 1789, " James Johnston has been near 50 Years Difference for One Year in each Burgh.

— — — ..... r

FIRST TABLE of Eight Royal Burghs, where, a greater Sum js levised than is, paid tq Government, with the Expence of collecting, taken together.

- r - k r - - - - w L, x: . - V \ Sums collected. Collector's Salary: 1 Amount of Land 5 Tax. Difference bptwee* them. „ t — 77-TTiT " " — T-r Average Difference for One Ye*ir.

V v J 1; Edinburgh 4. 33,838 6 8A 2,33213' 4; 23,495; S 4A '.3,010 10 — 301 1 —

2; Aberdeen - A 10,228 3 11A 438 n 1 j -4,373 3 4: 4,916 9 6A 49I 12 1L

3;' Banff- - - 1,605 4 10 72 ' 5 6 393 - — *,*39 '9 4 113 19 10 .*

4c- Inverness - c. ' 1,839 n 6 ... 116 16 1 1,280 6 8 442 8 9 44 4 *0 -

Dunbar H.~ — 899 14- 90 1 11 432 377 *2 3 A 37 *4 —

6c Nairn: -. - 4 ! 259* *A 34 13 — 151: —: 93 *5 10A 9 7 7

-.7.. Montrose 2,552 L7 .11-A 179 1 1 - 4,284 ia. 6 »PVt 8 18 8

8. Cullen - - 140 18 7 7 15 6a OO <0 OO 45 *6 4A 4117

« 6-h. 3,271 17 6 A 37,976 10 — A 10,115 18 11A 1,011 10 j

0. The Return of Edinburgh states, that at is an Account of all Sums levied under the Name of Cess, Stent, or Land Tax, and the Sums levied differ every Year, but on a separate Return of the Sums paid the Collector as a Salary it is certified, that for that! Salary the Collector likewise collects certain Sums imposed Yearly along with the Land Tax for Firemen, Water Engines, , and peeping them in Repair. It is also said that the Collector, for the same Salary, levies £. 1,250 mpre lor the Town Guard, imposed by Act of Parliament

b. The Magistrates of Aberdeen anjd Banff say, -that the extra Exaction is imposed by* Authority, and Acts '

of Head Courts, in General Meeting^ of thie Inhabitants, for the Expence of Wells, paving and lighting the public Streets, &c. i ‘ '

c. The Magistrates of layerness doi not carry, the extra ..Exaction to the Account of the.Revenue, but say it is imposed for lighting foe Streets. i i.

d. Dunbar, the Return states, that j£. 323. < 14. 1 1. is ,paid for Poors Rates.

e. The Chief Magistrate and Collector of Nairn certify,' that after paying £. 13. 2. o. per Annum to Government, and the Collector's Salary, Arrears by Bankrupts, and otherways, there has been paid on an Average to the Revenue of the Town from Fite to Six Popntls Yearly, and that the Surplus Sum laid on Annually by the Stent Masters has, past the Memory of Alan, be$n cheerfully acquiesced in by the Inhabitants, in Consideration of their being entitled to tile Commons, Mosjses, Quarries, and others,' to which they have constant Access, without any other Consideration to the Community.

f. The extra Exaction is carried to the Account of the Revenue.

g. Of this Sum £. 63. 5. fi. or £16. 5. 5. per Annum is levied from Feuars, and stated to the Accounts of the Revenue, and the Remainder, being £.96. 5. 1. or £.9. 12. 6. per Annum, is levied from the Inhabitants.

Yot. 43,

SECOND

17° Junii

A. 1793.

Report respecting the Royal Burghs of Scotland.

SECOND TABLE of Twenty-one Burghs, where more is collected than what is paid to Government

with the Expence of collecting taken together.

Sums collected. Collector's Salary. Amount of Land Tax. Difference between them. Average Difference for One Year.

1. Brechin 708 14 6A 7810 5A 393 _ 237 4 1 2314 8

2. Kircudbright 338 13 7 68 — 247 l6 8 22 16 11 2 5 8

3- Dumfermline 982 — 1 If T 94 15 7A 701 — — 186 5 4 18 13 6

4* Aberbrothock 802 16 8A 70 8 2A 436 13 4 295 15 2A 29 u 6

5- Culross 187 18 4 2 10 — 89 16 8 95 11 8 9 11 2

6. Forfar - 440 9 11 19 18 10 179 10 — 241 1 1 24 2 7

7- Rothsay 209 4 7 35 — — 92 3 4 82 1 3 8 4 1

8. North Berwick 98 7 8 1 43 13 4 54 14 4 5 9 5

9- Sanquhar 125 JO — 43 .13 4 81 16 8 8 3 8

In. Queensferry - 238 16 5A 11 18 9A 179 10 — 47 7 8A 4 >4 9

it. Fortrose 107 5 6tV <96 16 8 10 8 10A 1 1 4

12. Rutherglen - 257 9 9A 177 — — 80 9 9A 8 — 11

13- Kirkaldy 997 6 11A 68 1 1 804 16 8 124 9 2A 12 8 it

14. St. Andrew's - 553 2 7 80 15 3A 305 13 4 166 13 11A 16 13 4

15. Dysart 144 9 11 13 5 — 89 16 8 41 8 3 4 2 10

j6. Campbelton - 306 9 1 87 6 8 219 2 5 21 18 2

17. Stranraer 238 — — 19 12 6 124 — — 94 7 6 9 8 9

18. Irvine - 989 6 4 96 1 9 800 3 4 93 1 3 9 6 ' 1

1^ Inverkeithing 267 14 — 23 7 8 218 6 8 25 19 8 2 11 it

20. Dingwall ns 12 — 25 — — 87 6 8 6 5 4 — 12 7

-21s Craill - 218 12 8 > 20 12 8 184 3 4 13 16 8 1 7 8

8,331 1 744 727 17 1 o-A 5,382 6 8 2,220 *7 ! >A 222 3 6>

THIRD TABLE of Nineteen Burghs, where no more is levied than the Sum paid to Government,

and the Expence 6f collecting.'

1 Sums collected. Collector's Salary. Amount of Land Tax.

1. Perth - 3,051 12 8 243 6 — 2,808 6 8

2. Dumfries - 1,818 13 4 166 13 4 1,652

3- Burntisland m 242 7 8 62 17 8 179 10 —

4- Lanerk - 470 3 4 29 6 8 441 6 8

5- Elgin - 729 8 8 62 12 — 666 16 8

6. Peebles - 361 16 — - 10 2 8 351 13 4

7- Tain - - 180 — — 46 13 4 133 6 8

8. Forres - - 264 6 8 — 264 6 8

9- Lauder - 244 13 4 26 6 8 218 6 8

10. Inverury - 43 13 4 — — 43 13 4

11. Glasgow - 16,473 5 4 1,193 5 4 15,280

12. Inverbervie - 53 16 10 10 3 6 43 13 4

13- Dumbarton - 262 — — — 262

J4- Linlithgow - 1,040 1 8 77 1 8 963

15- Wigton - 283 8 4 62 15 — 220 13 4

16. Cupar - - 596 13 7 160 — 3 436 13 4

17- Dunbar - 4,695 12 5 435 9 1 4,259 »3 4

18. Ayr - - 734 — — 72 662

19- New Galloway 43 13 4 — 43 13 4

31,589 6 6 2,658 13 2 28,930 13 4

fourth

33 Geo. Ill

17° Junii.

957

FOURTH TABLE of Twelve Burghs, where less is levied than is paid to Government, with the Report Expence of collecting, and where the Difference is paid out of the Revenue, or by Convention, or by respiting

Burghs of

private Persons, or otherwise.

— SUMS collected. Collector Salary. 8 Amount of Land Tax. Land Tax paid more than levied for Ten Years. Average for One Year.

£ a d. £ d. £ A d. £ a d. £ s. d.

1. Stirling 627 6 8-.V 30 — — 1,222 10 — 565 3 3-nr 56 10 4

2. Haddington 986 — 11 114 13 5 1,089 3 4 103 2 5 10 16 8

3- Whithorn - 31 16 5^ 1 11 10 41 6 8 11 2 rV 1 2 1

4- Kilrenny - 65 11 10 8 10 11 87 6 8 29 ‘5 9 2 *9 7

5- Annan - - - 87 6 8 87 6 8 8 14 8

6. Kintore - 3 - - 43 13 4 40 13 4 4 7 4

7. Renfrew' - 157 - - 220 *3 4 63 13 4 6 7 4

8. Kinghorn - 339 4 7A 35 — — . 388 6 8 84 2 — 8 8 1

9* Kirkwall - 654 13 — 69 8 10 588 3 4 2 19 2-rV — 5 5

10. Jedburgh - 511 16 9tV 30 — _ - 701 — — 219 2 2tt 21 18 2

11. Inverary - Nothing levied. - - 43 13 4 43 *3 4 4 / 4

12. Wick Nothing levied. - - 89 16 8 89 16 8 8 19 8

£ 3,376 10 4-rr cr> 00 <N — 4,603 — — 1,340 10 3-rV 134 l6 8

Scotland.

N. B. It appears that £ 175. 4 a4-&rd. (Part of Column Second) is paid, besides £ 1,340. 10 a3-remaking in all £ 1,515. 145. 7

The Sixty-six Royal Burghs pay One Sixth Part of the Land Tax for Scotland, amounting to £ 8,000. 8 a 8 </. per Annum, as appears in the- Return of the Receiver General; or for Ten Years, the Period of the Orders, £ 80,004. 6 a 8 d. Of this Sum £ 208. 8 a 4 d.per-Annum is charged on the General Convention of Royal Burghs for unfree Trade, or for Ten Years - - - - 2,084 3 4

There is charged on the Burghs which have made no Returns - - - 809 6 8

And on the Burgh of Anstruther, which has returned no specific Sum of Land Tax, levied,

£.21. 16 a 8 d.or for Ten Years - - - - 218 68

And the Remainder is paid by the Burghs in the Four Tables, being in Ten Years - 76,992 10 —

£. 80,004 6 8

It appears to your Committee, that there is levied in the Eight Burghs in

the First Table - -- £. 51,364 6 6-J4

And in the Twenty-one Burghs in the Second Table - - - - 8,331 1 7-H-

----- ----- ----- ---59,695 8 2-J4

Expence of collecting, in the First Table - - - - £.3,271 17 6T*T

Ditto in the Second - - 727 17 lo-ft-

Deduct - - 3,999 15 4tt

Amount of the! First Table Land Tax -j Second Table

Remain - . £55,695 12 10

£37,976 10 -41 , l6 O o

- 5,382 6 8 / 43'358 10

Remains of extra Exaction ----- -- £12,336 16 iTV

Or near One-third of the whole Sum payable to Government from those Twenty-nine Burghs for the same Period, or an Average of about £1,233. >3a 7-fad. per Annum.

In the Nineteen Burghs in the Third Table there is levied ----- - 31,589 6 6

Expence of Collection deducted - - - . 2,658 13 2

Sum payable to Government - - -- - - - -- - - - 28,930 13 4

In the Twelve Burghs in the Fourth Table there is levied - - - 3,376 10 4-rx

And there is paid out of the Revenue, or by Convention, or by private Persons or other

Ways, besides what is levied, or an Average of £ 151. 13 a 5 per Ann. - - - 1,515 14 7tt

4,892 5 —

Paid Government - -- - 4,603 ——

Balance, being Salary to Collectors - - - 289 5 —

Vo 1.48. 11 L Ten

Report respecting the Royal Burghs of Scotland*

958 IT JuniL 1793.

Tea Burghs, Kircudbright, Durafermline, Culross, North Berwick, Queensferry, Rutherglen, Kirkaldy, St. Andrew's, Dysart, and Irvine, where the Exaction, besides what is paid Government, and the Expence of collecting, amounts to £912. 19 5-, have neither

carried it to the Account of the Revenue, nor made any Excuse whatever for the extra Exaction.

The Magistrates of Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Banff, and Inverness, where the extra Exaction (the Reason or Excuse for which is entered at the Bottom of the First Table) amounts to above £9,000, do not carry it to the Account of the Annual Revenue.

Although the Magistrates of Aberdeen and Banff say that the extra Exaction is imposed by Authority, and Acts of Head Courts in General Meetings of the Inhabitants, for the Expence of Wells, paving and lighting the Streets, &c. it appears to your Committee, that in none of the Returns, except Aberdeen and Banff, is any Tax said to be imposed by the Authority of Head Courts in General Meetings of the Inhabitants; and that neither in these Two Burghs, in Edinburgh, in Inverness, nor in any of the Burghs where an extra Exaction appears, is there any Act of Parliament, or other similar Authority, for imposing the Taxes or extra Exactions, the £ 1,250 per Annum levied in Edinburgh, by Act of Parliament, for the Town Guard, beipg perfectly distinct from the Sums said to be imposed with the Land Tax.

The other Fifteen Burghs in the Two First Tables carry the extra Exaction to the Account of the Annual Revenue, either wholly, or more generally in Part, after deducting certain Payments which have no Relation whatever to the Land Tax, or to the Expence of collecting it Thus the Magistrates of Brechin admit, that in the Year 1788 they levied £ 80, or more than double £ 39. 10 s. paid to the Receiver General, After deducting £7. gs. 10 d. as the Expence of levying the Assessment, they likewise deduct £16. 2 7 for

Eque and Missive Dues, and Commissioners Expences to Convention, Articles which appear to have no Relation to the Laind Tax, and to be merely a Part of the ordinary Expence of every Royal Burgh. Nothing more than the Balance of £17. 10$. 5d. or Excrescence, as it is called, of the Cess, after those Deductions, is carried to the Account of the Revenue: The same is the Case in Sanquhar 8nd Forfar.

The Magistrates of Forfar say, that the extra Exaction, more than Two Thirds of the Sum paid Government, is owing to an Increase of Inhabitants, nothing more being levied from Individuals than formerly.

As the Magistrates of Nairn say that the Burgesses cheerfully acquiesce in the Exaction, because they have Access to the Towns Commons, Mosses, and Quarries, without any Payment, your Committee have examined the Charter of Naim produced, and it appears to be granted to the Provost, Baillies, Burgesses, and Inhabitants. No other Reasons or Excuses for the extra Exaction appear in the Papers produced.

From the Return of the Burgh of Campbelton it appears, that for the First Nine of the Ten Years, the Sum actually levied is specified, without mentioning whether any Deduction has been made for Deficiencies in the Collection. In the Tenth Year, the Sum imposed on the Inhabitants is mentioned, being nearly Five Times the Amount of the whole Sum paid to Government; but of that Sum it is said only Four Fifths can be made effectual, leaving One Fifth, or a Sum nearly equal to what is paid Government for Deficiencies in that Year. Now it appears your Committee, that more than Forty of the Burghs have given no Account of any Sums allowed for Deficiencies in the Collection, the Accounts appearing to be the Sums actually levied, and not the Sums imposed on the Inhabitants.

It likewise appears to your Committee, that the Salaries to the Collectors, and Expence of collecting the Cess, is fixed at the Discretion of the Magistrates and Town Councils; that it is very different in different Burghs, and in many Instances amounts to a most extravagant Rate on the Sum paid Government. In Ten Burghs no Salary is returned, viz*. Annan, where no Cess is levied from the Inhabitants, M it ia paid out of the Baits of a Fishing belonging to them; and Forfar, North Berwick, Sanquhar, Rutherglen, Canapbeftop^ Fortrose, Kintore, and Dumbarton, where the Cess seems to be collected by the Treasurer or others, without any Salary, along with the other Branches of the Burgh Revenue; and Forres, where the Magistrates return, that no Salary is fixed for the Collector, but the Persona liable in Payment make him what Satisfaction they please for his Trouble.

A Table of the Rate of the Expence on the Sum paid Government in Forty-five other Burghs, is annexed in the Appendix (D.) amounting from to 39 per Cent,

on the Sum paid to Government.

IVthly, The Amount of the Annual Revenues of the Royal Burghs.

An Order was made in the Year 1789 for an Account of the Gross Revenue of each of the Royal Burgh? for the Year 1788.

The Burghs of Pittenweem and Anstruther Wester, made-no Returns to this Order.

The Amount of the Annual Revenues of the other Sixty-four Burghs, according to the Account ppoduoed* and Sunps stated, by the Magistrates, Appendix (E.) amount to - - - 44,783 14 6-t*

It appears that in Edinburgh £ 1,250 is levied for the Town Guard, and is not carried

to the Account of the Revenue - .- - - - .- 1,250 ——

Exaction of Cess in Edinburgh, Aberdeen, and Banff, not carried to Account of the Revenue - -- 1,020 17 if

Ditto in Eight other Burghs, Average One Year. - - - 916 —

----- ----- -- 2,302 3

47,145 17

Vthly,

33 Geo. III. 17°;

Vthly, Whether the Lands and other Heritable Property of the Royal Burghs have been alien* ated by the Magistrates and Common Councils, and in what Manner; and whether Debts have been contracted, and the common Property dilapidated.

The Charters of the Royal Burghs, produced, contain Grants and Confirmations of many Lands, Fishings, and other real Property; but as in general the Description is by the Name or Boundaries, the precise Value or Extent of the Property does not appear from the Charters: There is only One Instance, where it is in some Measure ascertained. By a Charter in 1536, King James grants to the Baillies, Burgesses, and Community of Selkirk, Licence to break and till Yearly

1,000 Acres of their Common Lands of their said Burgh, in what Part thereof they pleased, with Power to them either to occupy the Lands, or to lease them to Tenants as they shall think most expedient

Although the precise Value and Extent of the common Properly of the Burghs granted by the Charters cannot be ascertained, it appears to your Committee, that within Eighteen Years after the Act 1469, it was enacted, by an Act of the Scottish Parliament, 1487, Cap. 108, that the Election of Officers in Boroughs should be made " of the best and worthiest Indwellers " of the Town, and not by Partiality or Mastership.'' It appears to your Committee, that before the new System of Burgh Government was introduced by the Act 1469, there is no Instance of any Complaint that Elections had been made by Partiality or Mastership.

By the Act of the Scottish Parliament, about Sixteen Years after, in 1503, Cap. 80, it was enacted, " That u all Officers having Office of jurisdiction within Burgh " should be Annually changed, and that none have " Jurisdiction within Boroughs, unless they use Merchandize within the same.'7

The Act 26 of the Scottish Parliament, held in the Year 1535, Thirty-tvto Years after, proceeds on the following Narrative: " Because all our Sovereign Lord " Burrowes are put to Poverty, wasted, and destroyed " in their Goods and Policy, and almost ruinous, thro' " Fault of using of Merchandize, and thro' being of " Oudaadsmen, Provost, Baillies, and Aldermen within " Burgh, for their own particular Weil, in consuming " of the common Good of Burrows, granted to them " by our Sovereign Lord and his Predecessors Kings " of Scotland, for the Uphold of Honesty and Policy " within Burgh."

The Act of the Parliament of Scotland, in the Year 1609, Cap. 8, Seventy-four Years after, discharging Noblemen and Gentlemen to be elected Officers of Boroughs, proceeds on this Narrative: " Neither yet " the Course intended by his Majesty for discharging " Noblemen and Gentlemen to be elected Provosts u and Magistrates of Burrowes (whereof none should " be capable but Burgesses, actual Traffickers, and

Inhabitants of the said Boroughs) has taken such u Effect as is maist necessary for Preservation of the

Liberties and good Estate of the said Boroughs, and M hindering the Dissipation of their common Good, u and perverting of their Privileges."

In the Year 1684, Seventy-five Years after, King Charles the Second granted a Commission for enquiring into the Affairs of Boroughs. In that Commission his Majesty expressly says, " We understanding that in many of our Royal Burghs the common Property " and Revenues have, by the Magistrates for the " Time, been either profusely dilapidated, or pri-vateiy peculated, and for the most Part have been " applied to Ends and Purposes totally different from uthose directed by Law, or by the beneficent Donations made by us and our illustrious Ancestors, but " more particularly that our Royal Burghs, without Vo i/. 48.

Ymii.

" any Necessity, have contracted Debts, and that after Report " Grants and Donations altogether sufficient for the respecting " Discharge of these Debts were made by ns and our g*r tf Predecessors, and after Burthens were imposed by ScotLad " the Consent of the Citizens for Payment of these " Debts, yet they for the greater Part, in most of our " Royal Burghs, remain unpaid, and the Revenues " arising from the common Good, from our most liberal and beneficent Gifts, and the voluntary Contributions of the Citizens, have been wasted and " misapplied; from whence there have proceeded not " only numberless Murmurs and Complaints in Burghs,

" but also those that prefer their private Advantage " to the common Interest of the Burghs, and to the

Dignity and Office of Magistracy, have excited " Factions and Divisions in order to procure themselves to be elected to the Offices of Magistracy,

" and in order that they, their Friends, Relations, and " Dependants might be continued in that Office,

" from whence they might take Occasion to squander " the Properties and Revenues of the Burgh in rewarding their Friends, and supporting their Factions in the Burgh: Whereas, if they were strictly " compelled to render an Account of the public Property and Revenue of the Burgh, to prove that the " same were necessarily and profitably applied to the " common Uses and Affairs of the Burgh, to render " an Account of their Dilapidations and Misapplications, and to pay and indemnify the same to the " Burgh, and if they were otherwise fined and punished, as the Laws of the Kingdom require, for their " corrupt Administration, then these Evils would in a " great Measure be remedied and prevented, from " whence Murmurs and Complaints would cerise,

" Contentions for the Office of Magistrates would be " restrained and mitigated, and Merchants and Manufacturers, and other Citizens of Burghs, would diligently and peaceably follow their Callings and Profeesions, and our Burghs be well and peaceably " governed, Ac." The Commission, which is in Latin, is annexed in Appendix (F.)

In the Claim of Righte presented to King William and Queen Mary, on the 11th April 1689, Five Years after, One of the Grievances specially mentioned is the subverting, by the abdicated Family, the Rights of the Royal Boroughs, the Third Estate of Parliament " imposing on them not only Magistrates, but also the " Town Councils and Clerks, contrary to their Liberties " and express Charters."

One of the Special Articles of Grievances presented to King William, in pursuance of the Claim of Rights of the 13th of April 1689, was " That the Grievances " of the Boroughs be considered and redressed in " Parliament."

By the Act of Union, " The Rights and Priviledges of the Royal Burghs in Scotland shall remain entire after the Union, and notwithstanding " thereof."

The Act of the Scottish Parliament, in the Year 1693, Cap. 28, anent the common Good of Royal Borrowes, proceeds in this Narrative, " That the " Royal Burrows of the Kingdom, erected and provided with their respective public Goods and Revenues, are of late, through the Mal-administration " of the Magistrates and others, to whom the Management of the public Goods and Revenues have u been committed, fallen into great Debts and Burthens,

" to the Diminution of the Dignity of the Estate of " Burrows, &c."

In the next Year, 1694, a Commission, proceeding on the same Narrative, was granted by the Crown " to certain Persons, for enquiring into the Administration of Boroughs."

In the Year 1691, John Anderson, then Provost of Glasgow, in the Name and- Behalf of that Borough, presented a Supplication to the General Convention

of

Report respecting the Royal Burghs of Scotland.

960 .17° J 1793.

of Royal Boroughs, which is of the following Tenor: " That whir the Town of Glasgow, having of a considerable Time by gone flourished in its Trade and " Inhabitants, and paid a large Share of the Public " Burthens due and payable by the State of Burrowes; " true it is, that of late the said Burgh is become " altogether incapable of Subsistence, in regard of these " heavy Burthens that ly thereupon, occasioned by " the vast Soumes that have been borrowed by the " late Magistrates, and the Misapplying and Dilapi-"dation of the Tounes Patirmony, in suffering their " Debts to swell, and employing the common Stock " for their own sinistrous Ends and Uses, whirin, if " the Petitioner should be express in the Particular, "it would accordingly tend to the Dishonor and " Disparagement of those whose Duty it was to have " been the Patriots and Supporters of the Place. " But, without any Design to reflect or expatiate upon " the Misdemeanours, the Petitioner humbly represents, that there was an absolute and indispensible " Necessity for the present Majestrates to sell and " dispose of a great Part of thir Patirmone, especially " the Lands and Barone of Provan, towards the defraying of thir most urgent and pressing Debts, " and without doing thereof they cannot propose any " personal Security from the Townes Creditors, nor " will ther be any Persons found to represent the " Towne in the Office of Majestracie, till they be " secured from legal Diligence Process of the " Law) which can only be done by disposing of thir " Patirmone to a present Sale; and therefore desiring " the Convention to interpose their Authority, and " grant Warrant to the present Magistrate and Council of Glasgow to sell and dispone their said Lands " of Provan, and such other Lands of Few Duties, as " belong to them, to be employed for Payment of the " foresaid Debts, as the Supplication bears; which, " being considered by the Convention, they hereby " interpose their Authority, and grant Warrant to the " present Majestrates and Council of Glasgow to sell " and dispone their said Lands of Provan, to be employed for Payment of the Debts owing to the said " Burgh of Glasgow."

And that the General Convention of the Royal Burghs of Scotland did themselves entertain, with Regard to the general Administration of the Burghs, the Sentiments contained in the above-mentioned Supplication from the Burrowe of Glasgow, appears from an Act of the General Convention in the Year 1691, which states that there were " Many Complaints " given in to the respective General Conventions of " Burrowes these several Years by past by many particular Burghs, yea universally by the Whole Royal " Burroughs, complaining of their Poverty, Want, " and Decay of Trade, and that they are not rightly " adjusted in the Taxt Roll as to the Quota and Proportion of Burden; and considering that there has *' been Remedies proposed, yet none has been received with that universal Satisfaction as a general " Search and Inquirie to be made into the State and " Condition of every Burgh as to thir Trade and common Good, by a Visitation to be made over the " whole Burroughs, which, although not practised " formerly, yet its thought to be the most just and " equal Way how to adjust the Taxt Roll, if impartiallie gone about; therefore the Convention ordains every particular Royal Burgh within the " Kingdom to be visited as to their Trade and common Good, conform to the Instructions hereunto " subjoined, and for that Effect appoints and nominates " Four Visitors, &c\"

In the Year 1789, an Order was made for an Account of all Lands and other Heritable Property, sold, feued, or alienated by the Magistrates since the Union, specifying the Price for which the same were sold, and the Rent received for the last Year the same were let prior to the Alienation.

The Burghs of Fortrose, Pittenweem, and Loch* maben, did not make any Returns to this Order. Very voluminous Accounts were produced by many of the other Burghs.

On examining those Accounts your Committee have found it impossible to make any general and accurate State of the Transactions respecting the Alienation of the Lands. In some Instances the Lands are sold for an Annual Feuduty or Ground Rent, without any Price; in others for a Price without any Feuduty; and in others both for a Feuduty and a Premium. In a great many Instances, the Rents of the Property, previous to the Alienation, is not specified. In some Cases the Property is said to have been Waste; in others, that the Rent, the Price on the Feuduty, could not be ascertained. In some cases the Prices received is not mentioned. The Dates of the Sales are omitted in Dumbarton. In Annan, the Magistrates say, that they alienated Lands to a considerable Amount with the Consent of the Inhabitants; but neither the Dates of the Sales, the Names of the Lands, the former Rent, the Price received, or any other Particulars, are mentioned. In some Cases, as Dumfries, the Lands are said to have been in the Occupation of the Burgesses as common Pasturage, so that the former Rent or Value does not appear. The Return for the Burgh of Edinburgh bears to be an Account of those Lands only which belonged to the Burgh at the Union, and have been alienated since that Time; but the Return does not specify the Sale of any Lands, or other Real Property which they had acquired since the Union, and in Consequence the whole of the Alienations in that Burgh is made to amount only to £. 6,000 since the Year 1707, though the Return of the Revenue states that the Feuduty or Quit Rent of Lands payable to the Burgh amounts to above £. 1,800, of which more than £. 900 is paid for Lands over which the Royalty of the Burgh was extended by 22 Geo. II, Chap. 26. There is no Account of the Sales of the Lands of Hospitals, except in the Return of the Burgh of Dundee.

There is One Instance of the Deficiency and Uncertainty of the Returns respecting the Alienations, which your Committee think it necessary to mention. The Return of Haddington states, that in 1730, and afterwards, the Barony of Gladsmuir wras feued at the Rent for which the I^nds were held in Lease, converted into a Feuduty or Quit Rent, and the Whole of that Feuduty appears by the Return of the Revenue to be about £.48. By an Act of the Council of Haddington, in January 1727, it appears that a Mr. Men* zies, of Letham, offered to take a common improving Lease of the Barony at the Rent of £. 100 per Annum, and to consent that certain Parts of the Lands, and sufficient Pasturage for the Cattle of the Burgesses, and the Liberty of raising Coal, should be excepted from the Lease. It appears that this Offer was not accepted; that the Lands were leased at £48, and soon after that the Leases were changed into Feus or perpetual Rights, without any Price or Premium, and the Rent converted into a Feuduty. The Whole of this Transaction was made by private Sale, except one Parcel of 28 Acres feued by public Auction, 1745, at £. 6. 19». 6d.; but in 1756 this Feuduty is reduced to more than One Third less, without any Reason being given for the Reduction.

By an Act of Council of Haddington, 20th January 1733, appears, that " those Feus were granted " clandestinely, and when there was not a Quorum of " disinterested Persons present; and therefore the " Council unanimously condescended, that the said " Charters be reduced^ and Process be intented for " that Purpose."

33 Geo. III.

17° Ju

961

Two Facte appear from the Returns; that the Magistrates and Council possess the Power of selling and alienating the Common Lands of the Burghs granted to the Burgesses by their Charters, or purchased with their common Monies, Property, or Revenues, and that this Power may be exercised in any Manner the Magistrates and Council think proper.

In the whole of the Alienations since the Union, there does not appear above One hundred Instances where the Property was sold by Public Sale or Auction; about that Number of Instances are mentioned in the Returns, although the Order for an Account of the Alienations does not direct that it should be specified, whether they were made by public and private Sale. The Amount of the Debts contracted by the Magistrates and Town Councils, nor the Causes for which they were contracted, nor the Uses to which the Money was applied, do not appear from the Accounts, no Order having been made for an Account of the Debts of the Royal Burghs, or the Causes of their Contraction, or the Application of the Money; but that the Council may and do contract Debts is established, not only by the Acts of Parliament and Commissions already mentioned, but likewise by the Accounts from Perth, Stirling, and Two or Three of the smaller Burghs, where the Debts are mentioned. The Debts of Perth exceed 16,000l. and i,oooo/. of that Sum Iras contracted in the Year 1788. The Debts of Stirling exceed 5,000l. The Three other small Burghs are in Debt from 1,200l. to 700l. each In many Instances it appears that Lands have been sold for the Payment of Debts, It likewise appears, that in the Year 1722, the Burgh of Edinburgh was in Debt above 47,500 /., as Provision is made for Payment of that Sum, at least, of their Debt, during the Continuance of an Act of 9 Geo. I. Cap. 14. afterwards extended and continued to 1799 by 1 Geo. II. Cap. 22. Glasgow and Arbroath also appear to have contracted very considerable Debts, by several Acts of Geo. I. and II. and 27 Geo. III. Chap. 46. imposing and continuing a Duty of Two Pennies 00 the PiBt of Ale for Payment of those Debts, and other Purposes.

In some of the Burghs possessed of landed Property it appears, that no Sales to any considerable Amount have been made since the Union; and in those Burghs, such as Kircudbright, Dumfermline, and Selkirk, the greatest Part of their Revenue consists of the Rents of their Lands.

In those Burghs which have sold Lands since the Union, it appears to your Committee, that the gross Amount of the Prices of the Lands alienated, so far as stated in the Returns, may amount to about One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling. Taking the Rents as at the Period of the Sale, and without Reference to the present Value of the Property sold, and supposing that all the Property, the Rent of which is not ascertained, specified, or mentioned in the Returns was Waste, it would appear that the whole Feuduty received in all the Burghs is more than equal to the

Rent said to have been received for the Lands at the Report n Time of the Alienation, besides the Prices received ?|>ectl.nK on the Alienation. Of those Prices, so far as specified of°j^,tlai in the Returns, it appears to your Committee, that scarcely any Part now remain with the Burghs. The only Instance where Money is returned as Part of the common Property is in the Burgh of Ayr. The Magistrates sold some Lands in 1757 for above 7,000l., and by the Return of the Revenue of that Burgh in 1788, it appears that the Burgh was then possessed of

2,000 /. in Money, the Interest of which is entered as One of the Articles of the Revenue.

From a Consideration of the different Authorities and Papers produced, it appears, that from a very early Period after the Year 1469, when a new Mode -of electing the Magistrates and Common Council was introduced, by which the Old Council were authorized to choose the New, the Administration of the Affairs of the Royal Burghs appears to have been Matter of great and frequent Complaint in several of the Royal Burghs, as repeatedly declared by the Parliament, and by the executive. Government of Scotland, by the Claim of Rights, by Supplications of individual Burghs to the General Convention, and by the Acts of the General Convention itself; that the Principle of Election introduced by that Statute still continues to act universally, or almost universally, in the Royal Burghs, although with respect to the particular Modifications of that Principle^ and the various Ways in which it has been carried into Effect, the Modes of Election in the Burghs appear to be widely different, to depend on no certain or uniform Authority, and to be maintained in direct Contradiction to the Clauses of Election in a great Majority of the Charters; that Taxes have been imposed without the Authority of Parliament, and greater Sums levied in the Name of, or together with the Land Tax, than what is paid to Government, and the Expence of collecting taken together; and that the Powers exercised by the Town Councils, before the Union, of contracting Debts, disposing of the common Revenues, and alienating the common Property and common Lands of the Burghs at their Pleasure, remain unaltered and undiminished.

In Conclusion, your Committee think it their Duty to state, that the Petitioners, in their Petitions, proffered additional Evidence by the oral Testimony of Witnesses, and otherwise, to substantiate the different Allegations in the Petitions, in case it should appear to be necessary, particularly as to Grievances stated in the Petitions, to which tnc Papers ordered and returned do not apply, such as the actual Mismanagement and Misapplication of the Revenues, the Contractions of Debts, the Want of a Jurisdiction of Accounts, the Neglect of Police, Partiality in quartering Soldiers and apportioning the Cess, and the refusing the Burgesses Access to the Accounts and Records of the Burghs.

Vol. 48.

11 M

17° Junii.

A. 1793.

APPENDIX.

Appendix (A.)

SCHEDULE of the Royal Burghs in Scotland, and Copies of the Clauses of Election in some of the Charters.

I.

BURGHS, the Charters to which contain a Clause of Election to Burgesses, or to Inhabitants, or to both, or either, joined with the Magistrates, or with the Community, or with Consent of particular Persons.

1. Bruntisland; 1541; Inhabitants. Vide N° 1. Article 4.

2. Kinghorn; Burgesses and free Inhabitants.

3. Anstruther Wester; Burgesses etliberi Homines.

4. Dumbarton; Burgesses, Baillies, Counsellors, Community, and Inhabitants.

5. Renfrew; Burgesses, Provost, Baillies, and Inhabitants.

6. Arbroath; Burgesses.

7. Culross; Burgesses. — N. B. Provost to be elected, if of sufficient Age, out of the Family ef CoWM, of

Easter Wemyss.

8. Banff; Burgesses.

9. Rothsay; narrative Burgesses; for the de novo. Vide N° 9. Art. 4.

10. Forres; Burgesses.

11. Lauder; Burgesses and Community.

12. Annan; D*. - - D\

13. Sanquhar; Burgesses and Inhabitants.

14. New Galloway; Inhabitants, Council, and Community.

15. Kintore; Burgesses and Community.

16. Inverury; Burgesses.

17. Inverary; Burgesses, out of a Leet by the Marquis of Argyle for Provost and BhilEes.

18. Inverbervie; Burgesses.

19. Stranraer; Burgesses, Counsellors, Inhabitants, and whole Community.

20. Dingwall; Burgesses and Inhabitants.

at. Selkirk; Burgesses and Community, 1535. Vide N° 10. Art. 4. for 1540.

22. Naim; Provost, Baillies, Burgesses, and Inhabitants.

23. Fortrose; Burgesses and Inhabitants.

24. Anstruther Easter; Burgesses and Freemen.

25. Elgin; Burgesses.

26. Dornock; Inhabitants, Council, and Community.

27. Wick; Inhabitants and Burgesses, with Consent of the Earl of Caithness, and not otherwise, for

Provost.

28. Jedburgh; Burgesses, cum Avisamento of the Council and Officers.

29. Whithorn; Burgesses and Inhabitants, cum Avisamento of the Prior of Candide Case.

30. Irvine; Provost, Baillies, Council, and Burgesses.

31. Lochmaben; Burgesses and free Inhabitants.

32. Pittenweem; free Burgesses, with Consent of the Prior and Convent of Pittenweem.

II.

BURGHS, the Charters to which contain a Clause of Election to the Provost, Baillies, Council, and

Community.

Report respecting the Royal Burghs of Scotland.

1. Stirling.

2. Haddington. — N. B. Provost not mentioned.

3. Kirkcaldy.

4. Bruntisland. See N° 1. Part I.

5. Brechin. N. B. Provost not mentioned.

6. Kirkcudbright.

7. Dunbar.

8. Lanerk.

9. Rothsay de novo of the Charter, N° 9. Part I.

10. Selkirk, a Grant of the Office of Provost not mentioned in the former Charter, 21. Parti.

11. Peebles.

III. BURGHS,

S3 Geo'. III.

17° yunu<

363

hi.

Report respecting the , Royal Burghs of Scotland,

BURGHS, the Charters to which, as produced, contain a Clause of Election ta the Magistrates and

CounciL

1. Glasgow.

2. Invericei thing.

3. Taini 4» Forfar.

5. Kilrenny. The Charter is granted by Betbune of Balfour, a Subject Superior, and not by the Crown.

6. Campbelton, out of a Leet by the Earl of Argyle.

IV.

BURGHS, the Charters to which, as produced, do not appear to contain any Clause for the Election

of Magistrates and Council.

*. Perth.

2. Dundee.

3. Aberdeen.

4. Linlithgow.

5. St Andrews.

6i Dysartu

7. Moatrose.

8. Cupar.

9. Dumfries.

10. Inverness. iil Wigtown.

13. Dumferndine.

13. Rutherglen.

14. North Berwick.

15. Cullen.

16. Queensferry.

17. Edinburgh-

18. Ayr.

On Account of different Charters, Three of the Boroughs are stated both under Articles I. and II.; they are, Bruntisland, Rothsay, and Selkirk.

Numbers under Article I. - .- -- -- -33

Ditto - - II. - - -11

Ditto - - - III.....6

Ditto - - -IV.....- - -17

67

Deduce twice stated as above - -- -..3

Remains - -- C4

And there are Two which have produced no Charters, to wit, Kirkwall and CraiH 2 Making the Total Number of Royal Burghs at this Period - - - - G6

I.

BURGHS, the Charters to which contain a Clause of Election to Burgesses, or to Inhabitants, or to both, or either, joined with the Magistrates, or with the Community, or with Consent of particular Persons.

1. Burntisland. — Notorial Copy Charter, James 5th, Anno 1541.

Cum potestate habitatoribus diet, villas, Burgi, et Portua, post pr&positum, Ballivos, et officiarios, per nos nunc elegendi, Burgenses et Gildte facere et creare nec non eorum prepositum, Ballivos, Consules, et curiae clericum, omnes alios officiarios praedicti burgi, et portus commodo et utilitate, prout eis expedire videbitur eligere.

2. Kingham. — Notorial Copy Charter of Confirmation, and novo damus granted by King James 6th. 12 Dec*.

1611.

Granted Dicto Burgo, prseposito, Ballivis, concifio, et liberis Burgensibus, et eorum successoribus.

Cum speciali et plena potestate Burgensibus et liberis incolis diet. Burgt, et eorum successoribus, Vol. 48. faciendi,

\1° J-unii. A. 1793.

faciendi, elegendi, et constituendi, et creandi prsepositum BftUivos, Thesaurarium, Decanum Gilds, Consiliarios Burgenses, officiarios, et alia Membra quaecunque necessaria infra dictum burgum, pro gubernatione et administratione ejusdem, et eosdem annuatim mutandi aut retinendi unum aut omnes, prout ipsis visum fuerit.

3. Anstruther Wester. — Notorial Copy Charter, King James, 21 Oct' 1587.

Potestate incolis et inhabitantibus ejusdem Burgi et qui tempore erint, habendi et faciendi fratres Gilds, &c.

Dando, concedendo, et committendo burgensibus et liberis hominibus died nostri burgi de An-struyer, lie Westyeburne, et eorum successoribus qui pro tempore fuerint plenam potestatem et privilegium prepositum, Balivos, Consules, Thesaurarium, ediles clericos, Serjandos, officiarios, ac omnia alia membra liberi burgi regalis necessaria, pro hujusmodi regimine et gubemadona republics et libertads ejusdem juxta tenorem actorum parliamend ac ordlnem et consuetudinem aliorum Burgorum regalium in talibus usitat. et consuet. eligendi et creandi.

4. Dumbarton. — Notorial Copy Charter, King Alexander 2d. 8th July, in the Eighth Year of his Reign.

Granted, Burgo et Burgensibus meis in eo manentibus.

2d. D* Translation of a Charter by James 6th. dated 15th Dec* 1609, confirms many Charters, viz'.

1 & 2. Alexander to the Burgh Inhabitants thereof, and Successors.

3. Charter Alexander 2. to the Burgh and Burgesses,

4. D* to the Burgh, Burgesses, and Inhabitants.

5. King David to the Burgesses and Inhabitants, and of new Grants to Baillies, Counsellors, Bur-

gisses, and Community, and Inhabitants, with Power to them of choosing Provost, Baillies, ouncellors, Dean of Guild, Treasurer, Clerks, &c. Yearly.

5. Renfrew. — Notorial Copy Charter by Queen Ann, 7th Aug* 1703.

Granted Prseposito Ballivis nominatim, consulibus, et communitad. Recites 'Charter Robert Burgensibus et communitad, and James 6th Balivis, consulibus, et communitad, 5th Febr 1575; and Charter D* prseposito Ballivis, consulibus, et communitad, llth August, 1614, cum potestate prseposito, Ballivis, consulibus, Burgensibus, et accolis, elegendi et mutandi praepositos, et Ballivos, consules, decanum Gildae, Thesaurarium, otnnesque alios Magistratus, et officiarios.

De novo Anna dat prseposito, Ballivis nominadm, et integro consilio, et communitad, cum potestate prseposito, Ballivis, consulibus, Burgensibus, et inhabitandbus, suos prsepositos, Ballivos, Consiliarios, decanum Gilds, Thesaurarium, omnesque alios Magistratus et officiarios, elegendi et mutandi.

6. Arbroath. — Notorial Copy Charter, King James, 23 Nov' 1599.

Granted, Burgo, ac prseposito, Ballivis, consulibus, liberis Burgensibus, et inhabitatoribus died burgi; cum potestate Burgensibus, et liberis, died burgi prsepositum, Ballivos, Burgenses, Thesaurarium, Decanum Gildae, fratres Gildae, consules, &c. eligendi et eosdem annuadm mutandi seu rednendi unum seu omnes, prout ipsis videbitur expediens.

Report respecting the RoyalBurghs

of Scotland.

7. Cultoss. — Notorial Copy Charter, James 1st, March 1588.

Granted, Ballivis, consulibus, et Burgensibus.

Cum plena et speciali potestate, inhabitandbus liberis, et Burgensibus, died burgi, suisque successoribus, tres balivos inhabitantes ejusdem, et Jacobum Colvill de Easter Wemyss et hsredes suos in praeposituras officio, ipsis idoneis et legitime aetatis, ad dictum effectual exercendum ex-istentibus, una cum Thesaurario, Gilde decano, consulibus, Burgensibus, Serjandis, aliisque offi-ciariis necessariis, intra dictum Burgum pro gubernatione ejusdem, faciendi, eligendi, constituendi, creandi, eosque todes quodes expediens videbitur, pro causis rationalibus deponendi.

8. Banff. — 1. Notorial Copy. Charter, Robert, 7th Oct', 2d Year of his Reign, Granted Fidelibus Burgen-

sibus et Communitad.

2 D* Charter King James, 9th May, 1581. Granted Prseposito, Ballivis, consulibus, et Communitad.

3 I)* Charter King James, 1st July, 1592. Granted Burgo, ac prseposito, Ballivis, consulibus, liberis Burgensibus, et inhabitatoribus.

Cum speciali et plena potestate Burgensibus et liberis, prsepositum, Balivos, Thesaurarium, Decanum Gildae, Burgenses officiarios, &c. ex eorem inhabitatoribus solummodo, faciendi elegendi constituendi, et creandi, et eosdem annuadm mutandi ac retinendi unu seu omnes prout ipsis videbitur expediens.

9. Rothsay. — Notorial Copy Charter, King Robert, 12th Janr 1400. Granted Dilecds et fidelibus homi-

nibus.

2d D* Charter of Confirmation and novo Damns, King James, 19th Febr 1584. Confirms former Charter of Robert 3d, and recites, " Quod secundum tenorem et vim ejusdem infeofamenti, " Burgenses et inhabitantes, omnibus temporibus retroactis, fuerint in usu et possessione electionis " et possessionis praepositorum et Ballivorum, curias burgalis tenendi, Burgenses creandi, &c."

De novo dat preposito Ballivis consulibus et communitati potestatem elegendi et annuatim habendi prepositum, Ballivos, Consules, et officiarios.

10. Forres. — Notorial Copy Charter, 23d June, 1496, Jac. 4th.

Granted Dilectis Burgensibus et communitati cum potestate dictis Burgensibus, Aldcrmannum, Balivos, aliosque officiarios necessarios, de Burgensibus, annuatim elegendi.

11. Lauda

965

33 Geo. III.

17° junii.

n. Lauder. — Notorial Copy Charter, King James, 2i Deer 1502. , .

Infeodat Burgensibus et coramunitati ante dictis, praefatum Burgum, 8tc. cum potestate dictis Burgensibus, Report rew et communitati, Balivos, aliosque officiarios, pro gubernatione dicti nostri burgi necessarios annuatira specting the

elegendi. . SfScoUa^*

D* Act of Parliament, ratifying the said Charter, 28 June 1633, which is recited as confirming to

Burgesses and community, and then the Act ratifies and ordains that the Ratification shall be of

full Effect to the Baillies, Counsel, Burgesses, and Community.

12. Arman. — Notorial Copy Charter, King James, 10th July 1612.

Recites, burning of the old Charters granted to the Burgh and Inhabitants, in War; that James 5th. erected the Burgh in 1538, confirms that Charter and all others. De novo incorporat dictam villam de Annan in Burgum regale, cum omnibus terris, &c. describing the m.

Cum potestate prsefatis Burgensibus, et Communitati, eligendi annuatim prepositum, Ballivos, et alios officiarios necessarios.

13. Sanquhar. — Notorial Copy Charter, King James, 18 August 1598.

Granted, to Provost, Baillies, Council, Community, and Inhabitants of the Burgh; and with Power to the Provost, Baillies, Council, Community, and Inhabitants within our said Burgh, to create and make free Burgesses, and likewise to the Burgesses and Inhabitants within the said Burgh, Yearly, Once in the Year, or as often as there shall be Need, to elect and create Two, Three, or more Baillies, a Treasurer, Dean of Guild, Common Clerk, and other Officers necessary for the Admit , nistration of Justice within our said Burgh.

14. New Galloway. — Notorial Copy Charter, King Charles, 15th Janr 1629.

Datnus potestatem Inhabitantibus dicti burgi ac consulibus et communitati ejusdem, pro tempore existentibus, unum prepositum, quatuor Ballivos, Decanum Gild®, et Thesaurarium, ac duodecim personas concilii eligendi et constituendi.

15. Kintore. — Notorial Copy Charter, James 4th. 3d Feb7 1506.

Granted, Burgensibus et Communitati cum potestate Burgensibns, et communitati, Balivos, et alios officiarios necessarios, annuatim elegendi.

16. Inverury. — Notorial Copy Charter, Queen Mary, 22 June 1558.

Creamus damus et concedimus inhabitantibus et h®redibus suis; and in the Election Clause, Con* cedimus quod in dicto Burgo erint liberi Burgenses, qui et hsredes sui, perpetuis futuris temporibus, potestatem habebunt prepositum, Ballivos, consules, et alios officiarios, pro regimine ejusdem necessarios, infra diet. Burgum annuatim eligendi.

17. Irtoerary. — Notorial Copy Charter, 28 January 1648.

Potestate incolis elegendi prffipositum, 4 Ballivos, Decanum Gild®, Thesaurarium, et 12 personas pro Concilio, et dictos Magistratus anuuatim eligendi de numero de leit trium pro pr®posito, et 12 pro Ballivis, per dictum Marchionem de Argyll ejusque h®redes et successOres Annuatim dando et si dictus Marchio ejusque pr®dicti dictum numerum, lie leit, annuatim dare omiserint, tunc licebit et legitimum erit, dicto Burgo, Magistratus suos pro illo anno eligere.

18. Itroerbervie. — Notorial Copy Charter, King James, 4 Novr 1595.

Granted, Pr®posito, Ballivis, consulibus, liberisque Burgensibus, cum speciali et plena potestate Burgensibus, et liberis, diet, burgi nostri de Inverbervie, eorumque successoribus, prepositum ' Balivos, Thesaurarium, Consiliarios Burgenses, Officiarios, et alia Membra qu®cunque necessaria, infra diet Burgum, pro ejusdem regimine et gubernatione faciendi, eligendi, constituendi et creandi.

19. Stranraer. — Notorial Copy Charter, King James, 24 July 1617.

Dispones presentibus Ballivis, nominating, pro se ipsis et eo nomine concilii, Inhabitantium, et totius communitatis, pr®sentis et futur®, certain Lands in Favour and for new Infeftment dictis Ballivis de Stranraer, consulibus, inhabitantibus, et integr® communitati. De novo dat dictis presentibus Ballivis, Consulibus, inhabitantibus, et integr® Communitati.

Cum speciali potestate Burgensibus, consulibus, inhabitantibus, et toti communitati / dicti burgi presentibus, et futuris, eligere et creare Annuatim pr®positum, Ballivos, Thesaurarium, Decanum Gild®, Consiliarios Burgenses, et alios officiarios, et eosdem pro rationalibus causis ut ipsis expediens videbitur removere.

20. Dingwall. — Jac. 4th. 1497, confirms Charter Alex' Burgo et Burgensibus, with Copy of Charter confirmed, de novo dat Burgensibus et inhabitantibus, Aldermanna, et Balivos, in eodem Annuatim eligendi, et fratres Gild® faciendi et ordinandi, et generaliter omnia alia privilegia exercendi adeo libere sicut pr®dict. Burgus de Inverness et Burgenses habent.

Jac. 6th. 9th Sepri587, confirms Charter Alexander above mentioned. D* Charter Jac. 4. above, with the Clause of Election.

Ac pro securitate pr®missorum et ut dicti nostri Burgi pr®fectus, Ballivi, consules Burgenses, et in eo habitantes, suis libertatibus ante notatis gaudeant, De novo dat pr®fato Burgo prsfecto, Ballivis, consulibus, et Burgensibus ejusdem, adeo libere sicut Burgus de Inverness Burgenses et in eo habitantes habent.

No Clause of Election.

Vol. 48. u N 21

17° yunii. A. 1793.

Report respecting the Hoy aj Burghs of Scotland*

21. Selkirk. — Jac. 4 March 1535. Dat. Burgensibus, et Communitati, cum potestate ipsis, Ballivos, 'et alios Officiarios, rtecessarios, prout retroactis fecerunt temporibus annuatim eligendi.

D*. 1538, recites the above Charter verbatim, and Charter' 1736.

De novo dat Burgensibus et Communitati.

No Clause of Election.

D\ 1540, Dat Ballivis et Communitati potestatem praspositum annuatim elegendi. — Tfie Provost is not mentioned in the former Charters.

No other Clause of Election.

22. Naim. — *Jac. 16. 1589, recites, quod Burgenses inhabitantes omnibus temporibus praeteritis (dhrersorum

civium memoriam excedentibus) iii usu et possessione fuerunt praepositum, et Ballivos ejusdem habendi et eligendi Burgenses creandi, &c. , '

Confirmat vetustam erectioniem et cum omnibus libertatibus ex quibus Burgenses et'inhabitantes in possessione quibusvis temporibus retroactis extiterunt. De novo dat' praeposito, Ballivis, consu-libus, communitati, et inhabitantibus, Cum potestate prasposito, Ballivis, Burgensibus, et ipcolis, dicti Burgi, praepositum, Ballivos, consules, et officiarios, in eodem annuatim'habendi, et eligendi, liberos Burgenses, fratres Gild® creandi, &c. ' ' '

Act of Parliament, 1661, 3d April, recites and confirms the above Charter to the Provost, Bailies Council, Community, and Inhabitants, and ratifies the Infeftment to the Provost, Bailies, Council, and Community.

23, Fortrose. — 1st Charter, Jac. 4. Novr 1592. Recites the Erection by Alexander; confirms a Charter, James

2d, verbatim, dated 1455; Dc novo dat Burgo. et inhabitantibus, omnes privilegia, &c. dat prs-sertim praefectos Ballivos, Consules, aliosque officiarios, in dicto nostro Burgo quoscunque proiit usus exigit, cum potestate Burgenses infra dictum' nostrum Burgum habendi et iaciendi.

2d. Charter, Jacobus, 18 Septr 1612, Recites as the former; then recites the former Charter:

1st. De novo dat Burgo et inhabitantibus omnia privilegia preserfim prefectos Ballivos Consules aliosque officiarios quoscunque prout usus exigit, cum libera potestate lie pjqk Tar hemp ac Burgenses infra nostrum dictum Burgum habentes et facientes. 2d. De novo, Oniting the Two Burghs; incorporamus diet, villain de Fortrose quod sft Burgus et quod inhabitantes utantur et gubernantur per pr®fectum, Ballivos, et consoles diefti burgi de Rosemarkie, veluti Burgenses et Inhabitantes ejusdem Burgi nostri de Rosemarkie in omnibus.

3d. Charles 1st. 17 Novr 1641, Act and Charter ratifies and'approves, in Favour of the Provost, Baillies, Council, and Community, the former Charters reciting, speciallieto have Provost, Baillies, Council, and other Officers, r <" '

4th. Charles 2d. 20th May 1661, Act of Parliament recites Charter Jamesi6th, 1599, 6th August (This Charter not produced) by which Charter his Majestie made, erected, and incorporated the said Town of Fortrose in One Free Burgh, &c. giveand, grantand, and committand to the Burgesses and Inhabitants thereof then present, and their Successors for- the Tnne, full and fife Power of creating and making Burgesses and Freemenj within the said Burgh, and of chusing Provost, Baillies, Counsellors, and Deacons of Crafts, with all other Officers for Government thereof. , . 't ..

Recites other Charter, dated 18th $eptr 1612; , then the Act ratifies, confirms, anfiapproves the forsesaid Charters, Act of Parliament* &c.; and that the Towns shall be in all Time coming called the Burgh of Fortrose, and have Provost, Baillies, Council, and other Members requisite for Administration of Justice.

24. Anstruther Easier. — 1$ Deer 1583, Jac. Dando potestatem feudi firmariis, et Incplis, habendi, etfaciendi

Burgenses, fratres Gild®, Artifices, mercatores, et liberos Homines, prout ipsis videbitur ex-pediens; nec non dando Burgensibus, et liberis hominibus, potestatem ejegendi prapositos, Ballivos, Serjeandos, Consules, Officiarios, Clericos, omniaque alia Membra necessaria, juxta tenorem Actorem Parliamenti et ordinem aliorum Burgorum.

25. Elgin- — Confirms Charter, James, 22 March 1594. Dispositive Clause of that Charter is granted Bur-

fensibus dicti Burgi et praeposito, Ballivis, Consulibus, et Communitati ejusdem. Clause of (lection of that Charter. Cum potestate Burgensibus dicti Burgi eligendi, et creandi, annuatim, praspositum, Ballivos, Thesaurarium, pecanum Gildae, Consules, aliosque officiarios, et membra necessaria, et constituendi leges et statuta pro conservatione boni ordinis, infra dictum Burgum prout congruit.

26. Domock. — Charles, 14th July 1648. Dat potestatem incolis dicti Burgi de Dornock, consiliariis, et communitati ejusdem, pro tempore existend. eligendi praepositum, quatuor Ballivos, Decanum Gild® Thesaurarium, et duodecim consiliarios; Cum potestate etiam iisdem consiliariis commissionarios pro Parliamentos nostris elegeridi, cum omnibus aliis officiarios pro bono regimine dicti burgi; et similiter facimus praefatos praepositum et Ballivos et suos successores Justiciaries pacis inter ipsos.

27. Wick. — 25 Septr 1589, Jac. Cum speciali et plenaria potestate liberis Inhabitantibus, et Burgensibus, dicti Burgi, et suis succepsoribus in futurum, cum expresso avisamento et consepsu, dicti nostri consanguinei Georgii coinitis de Caithness, et ejus haeredum et successorum, et non aliter seu also modo, praepositum, et quatuor Ballivos dicti Burgi Incolas seu Inhabitatores, una cum Thesaurio Gild®, Decano, Consulibus, Burgensibus, Serjandis, aliisq. Officiariis, necessariis intra dictum Burgum pro gubernatione ejusdem faciendi, eligendi, constituendi, et qreaBdi, eosque toties quoties expediens videbitur, pro causis rationalibus Deponendi.

v 28. Jedburgh.

33 Geo. III. IVJunii. 967

28. Jedburgh. — Charter by Queen Mary, 24th Nov' 1556* This Charter contains a new Erection, the Report re-

former Papers being burnt. Dat de novo praeposito, Ballivis, Consulibus, et Communitati ejusdem, u)ec^.n®' l^e omnem communism quern perprius habuerunt, et similiter dat Burgensibus et Inhabitatoribiis, praesen- Burghs of tibus et affuturis, potestatem emere et vendere, & . Scotland.

Concessimus etiam quod liberi Burgenses infra prsefatum nostrum Burgum erint et quod iidem omnibus temporibus, afluturis, cum avisamento Consulum et officiariorum dicti burgi, habeant'potestatem eligendi pnepositos, Ballivos, Consules, et alios officiarios necessarios, pro regimine et gubernatione ejusdem.

29. Whithorn. — This is a Charter to the Prior and Convent of Candide Case, granted by King Jac. 1511, May

1st. Recites, that having inspected 3 Charters per Robertum et David Bruce reges, priori monasteni de Whithorne et Conventui, creando et confirmando eis Viliam suam de Whithorn in liberum Burgum, nos igitur confirmamus dictis priori et conventui praefatas tres Cartas.

In super de novo facimus, creamus, et infeodamus dicto priori et conventui, praefatam, Viliam. Volumus etiam quod Burgenses et inhabitatores ejusdem burgi, potestatem habeant elegendi annuatim, cum avisamento died prioris et successorum suorum, praepositum Ballivos Serjandos omnesque alios officiarios necessarios.

30. Irvine. — 1st. Notorial Copy of a Charter in Favour of the said Burgh by King James, dated May 1st, 1601.

Granted, Prefecto, Ballivis, Consulibus, et Burgensibus, dicti que Burgi communitati suorunique successoribus; cum potestate dictis prefecto, Ballivis, consulibus, Burgensibus, communitati, eorumque successoribus, prefectum Balivos, Thesaurarios, Decanos Gild®, Clericos, Serjandos, adjudicatores, aliosque omnes Curiae officiarios, et Membra, pro dicti nostri burgi communi bono et gubernatione, eligendi necessaria, eligendi burgales quoque curias toties quotas ipsi$ expedites videbitur, initiandj, affigendi, affinnandi totiesque quoties opus fuerit tenendi, et continuandi, acta, leges et constitutiones pro dicti nostri burgi communi bono faciendi easdemque secundum nostri regni leges debite executione ponendi.

2d. Ratification of certain Privileges by Parliament, 17 Nov' 1641, to Burgh, Baillies, and Com-piunity.

31. Lochmaben. — Charter James 6th. 12 July 1612, confirms all former Charters burnt by Enemies, &c.

Dat de nqvp predicto Burgo, et preposito, Ballivis, consulibus, et libpris inhabitantibus ejusdem, qt eorqpi successoribus in proprietate et haereditate in perpetuam terras, &c.

Cupi pppciali ep pleqa potestate burgensibus, et liberis Inhabitantibus, dicti burgi, et eorum successoribus, praepositum, ballivos, Tfiesaurarium, Gildaj Decanura, Consules burgenses, et alios officiarios inb^bitantes dictum burgum, faciendi e)igendi, constituendi, et creandi, pro dicti burgi regimine et

Jubernalioqe, eosque toties quoties expedient videbitur pro causis rationalibus retinendi, vel eponendi.

32. Pittenweem. — Charter James, 24 FebT, 28th Year of his Reign.

Creaipus Viliam et terras de Pittenweem in liberum Burgum regalem.

Acconcedimus quod infra dictum burgum sint liberi burgenses, et quod potestatem habeant omnibus temporibus affuturis, cum licentia et potestate praefati venerabilis patris et convehtus, et eorum successonmi, Balivos, serjandos, et alios officiarios' necessarios, pro ejusdem regimine eligendi.

II.

BURGHS, the Charters to which contain a Clause of Election to the Provost, Bailies, Council and Community.

1. Stirling. — Notorial Copy Charter of Confirmation by King Charles, of Date i7.Novr 1641. Granted

Burgensibus et incolis. '

Confirms Charter Alexander, granted Burgo Burgensibus et incolis.

David 2d. granted incolis.

Alexander, Granted Burgensibus residentibus, and Confirmation thereof by David, Burgensibus et communitati.

Robert 2d. Burgensibus et Communitati.

Jac. 2d. Praeposito, Balivis, Consulibus, et Communitati.

D* Praeposito, Burgensibus, et Communitati.

Jac. 4th. Praeposito, Ballivis, Consulibus, et Communitati; and another Charter of James 4th to the same;

and several other Charters, 3 of which are granted in favorem Burgensium only.

And de novo dat praeposito, Ballivis, et Communitati cum omnibus privilegiis, &c. de quibus praedict. praepositus, Ballivi, Consules, et communitas perprius in usu fuerunt; cum plena et speciali potestate et libertate ipsis habendi et eligendi annuatim, praepositum, Ballivos, et Consules: with a Grant of the Sheriffship to Provost, Baillies, Counsel, and Community.

Charter of Confirmation Charles 2d, 22d April 1678. Granted, in favorem praeposito, Ballivorum, consilii, et Communitatis.

2. Haddington. — Notorial Copy, Charter James 6th, 30th JanT 1624.

Recites, Charters granted Burgensibus et inhabitantibus De novo dat praeposito Ballivis consulibus et Communitati; nec non cum potestate Ballivis, consulibus, et communitati dicti, burgi, nunc praesentibus et. qui pro tempore fuerint, et eorunrf successoribus in eodero, praepositum, Ballivos, Tfiesaurarium, aliosque officiarios omni tempore affuturo, pro regimine et gubernatione ejusdem, Vo l. 48. ipsis

17® Junil A. 1793.

Report respecting the Royal Burghs of Scotland,

ipsis proximis comburgensibus incolis, mercatoribus, sea artium operariis diet, burgi existanfibus fantum, ac nullis aliis, annuatim eligendi.

Act of Parliament confirming the above 28 June 1633.

3. Kirkaldie. — Notorial Copy Charter by King Charles, 5 Feb'* 1644.

Cum potestate etiam dictis Balivis, consulibus, et communitati, nunc pro tempore, et illorum successoribus, eligendi, creandi, faciendi, et constituendi praefectum, Balivos, Decanum Gildae Thesaurarium, omniaque alia Membra, necessaria, infra dictum Burgum nostrum, apud festum Michtelis pro Admi-nistratione justitiae et gubernatione dicti burgi.

4. Brunt is land. — Charter Confirmation, James, 6 March 1585.

De novo dat praeposito, Baltivis, Consulibus, et Communitati; cum rpotestate Burgenses et Gilds fratres cum praeposito, Ballivis, consulibus, Curias clerico, omnibusque aliis officiariis, pro utili-tate et commodo dicti burgi et portus necessariis, prout eis expediens videbitur faciendi et creandi.

5. Brechin. — Notorial Copy of Extract Act of Ratification by Parliament of the Rights and Privileges of the

Burgh, as contained in several Charters granted to the Baillies, Council and Community. That the full and only Liberty of electing and choosing of their Provost, Baillies, Dean of Guild, Treasurer and Council of the said Burgh, in all Time coming shall pertain to themselves, conform' to the Use, Privilege, and Custom of the other free Burghs within this Kingdom, notwithstanding of whatsoever Power, Privilege, and Liberty, which the Bishops' of Brechine for the Time had or pretended in the Election or choosing of any of the Baillies or Magistrates of the said Burgh.

6. Kirkcudbright. — Notorial Copy Charter, King Charles 1st. 20 July 1633.

Granted, Praeposito, Ballivis nominatim, et reliquis consulum et communitati.

Cum potestate etiam prefatis praeposito Balivis, consulibus, et communitati, praedicti burgi nostri, nunc presentibus suisque successoribus praedictis unum praepositum, duos balivos, unum Thesaurarium, artium Decanos, Officiarios, et omnia quaecunq. alia membra necessaria infra praedictum Burgum nostrum, annuatim, ad festum St. Michaelis, lei Michaelmas, eligendi, faciendi, creandi, et constituendi, pro ejusdem Burgi nostri gubernatione.

7. Dunbar. — Notorial Copy Charter granted by King James the 6th. dated 23d Oct' 1618. Recites, Confir-

mation in 1603 of Charter David 1st. Burgensibus et inhabitantibus; dat de novo praeposito Ballivis, consulibus omnibus Burgensibus, communitati et incorporatione saepe fati nostri Burgi, et eorum successoribus (in perpetuum) Cum plenaria potestate ante dictis praeposito, Balivis, consulibus, et Communitati, eorumque successoribus annuatim creandi, et eligendi praepositum, Balivos, Thesau-rariam, Decanum Gildae, Consules Serjandos, Officiarios, aliaque membra et Magistrates necessaria, infra eundem Burgum, pro bono regimine et gubernatione ejusdem, ac pro causis rationalibus illo removendi et depnvendi.

8. Lanerk. Notorial Copy Charter, King Charles, dated 20 Feb'r 1632. Granted, Praeposito, Ballivis,

conciliariisque nominatim, et reliquis concilii et communitati.

Confirms Charter Roberti granted Burgensibus et communitati; et Alexandri granted Burgo et Burgensibus; and another Alexandri Burgensibus et remanentibus; et Jac. 50 in favorem praepositi, Balhvorum, consulum et communitatis, et aliam Chartam dicti regis in favorem dictorum Bal-livorum, consulum et communitatis; Cum potestate Ballivis, consulibus, et communitati, eligendi praepositum, &c. De novo dat praeposito, Ballivis consulibus et communitati.

9. Rothsay. — See Recital N® 9, of Part 1st.

10. Selkirk.~~-See Charter 1540. N® 21, Part 1st.

11. Peebles. — 1 Notorial Copy Charter, King James, 19th Nov' 1621.

Confirms Charter James I Id, granted Burgo, Burgensibus, et communitati; and James 4th granted Burgo, comburgensibus, et communitati, cum potestate diet, comburgensibus, et communitati, curias tenendi, et habendi comburgenses cum creations eorum comburgensium.

Confirms Charter, David, 20th Sept' 38 of his Reign.

De novo dat praeposito Ballivis, consulibus, et communitati, cum creatione comburgensium et eorum comburgensium et inhabitantantium replegiatione, officiariorum creatione, et transgressorum punitione, et cum potestate praeposito Ballivis, et consulibus, acta et statuta faciendi.

III.

BURGHS, the Charters to which contain a Clause of Election to the Magistrates and Council.

1. Glasgow. — Notorial Copy Chaurter, William and Mary, 4 Janr 1690.

Confirmation of former Charters granted diet, communitati civitatis de Glasgow vel Gildae Mechanicis ac singulis societatibus et diaconis ejusdem, De novo damus dicta Civitati de Glasgow et concilio burgaS ejusdem potestatem praepositum, Ballivos, reliquosque omnes Magistrates suos ordinario modo et tempore designandi et eligendi.

2. lnoerkeHhing.

969

33 Geo. III. ITJtinii.

2. Imxrkcithing. — Notorial Copy Charter, King James4th May 1598. Aepart re-

confirms Charter Robert 3d. granted Dilectis nostris Burgensibus et communitati.

William granted Burgensibus. ^Scotland.

Alexander 2. granted Burgensibus.

Alexander 3. granted Iisdem.

William granted Prseposito et Burgensibus.

Alexander 2. granted prseposito et Burgensibus.

David granted Burgensibus.

Robert granted Iisdem.

De novo dat prseposito Ballivis consulibus nominatim ac universis Burgensibus et communitati ejusdem suisque successoribus.

Cum potestate Commemoratis prseposito, Balivis, consulibus, eorumque successoribus, annuatim, creandi, eligendi, et constituendi, prsepositum, Ballivos, Thesaurarium, Decanum Gildse, Consules, Burgenses, Searjeandos, Officiarios, aliaque Membra qusecunque necesSaria in eodem Burgo, pro meliore guberna-culo et regimine ejusdem, ac pro rationalibus causis ipsis removendi et deprivandi.

3. Tain. — Notorial Copy Charter by King Charles 2d. 25th May 1671.

Granted, Prseposito Ballivis Burgensibus inhabitantibus consulibus et communitati.

Clause of Election. Concessit et commisit prsefato prseposito, Ballivis, consulibusque, died Burgi nostri plenam potestatem et libertatem prsepositum, Ballivos, Decanum Gildse, Thesaurarium, consules, Ac. secundem ordinem Burgi et pro gubernatione ejusdem eligendi

4. Forfar. — Notorial Copy Charter, King Charles ad. gth May 1665.'

Granted, Prseposito Ballivis consulibus et communitati Confirms all Charters, Lands, &c. quae propositus, Ballivi, consules, omnesq. Burgenses, et Incolse tempori prseterito in possessione fuerunt

Cum plena potestate prseposito, Ballivis, et consulibus, eligendi, annuatim, tempore solito et consueto, prop", Ballivos, Thesaurarium Dec* Gildse, consules, fratres Gildse, lie Guild Brethren,

Clericutn, Officiarios Burgenses, 'ac mUtandi dictum prsepositum, &c. annuatim, unum seu pleures eorundem prout illis com most um - videbitur, in eorura munere et officio retinendl

5. Ktiremy. — Notorial Copy Charter by David Bethune, of Balfour, a Subject Superior, dated 18th Sept'

1614.

To Baillies, Council and Community, with Power to BaiUies, Council, and their Successors, to elect Provost, BaiUies, Council, and other Offidars.

6. Campbclton. — Notorial Copy Charter by King William, lgth-April 1700.

Potestate Comiti de Argyl (act melius stabUiendum et sustinendum dictum Burgum) eligendi pro

5rima vice ex incolis unum prsepositum, -duos vel tres 'Ballivos, unum Decanum GUdse, unum 'hesaurarium et duodecim alios, pro eomm com munir coneilio, cumque potestate dictis Magistrates et concilio deinde eligendi novum concilium annuatim et dicto anriquo concilio cum novo elegendi succedentes magistrates, Officiarios; secundum actum parliamenti, et hoc ex numero - seu catalogo trium personarum pro prseposito et ex numero sex seu novemi person arum pro ballivis, annuatim, per dictum comitem ejusque pnescriptos exhibend.; et si contigent prsefatum comitem omittere traditionem dictorum -numerorum, tunc Ucitum erit dicto Buigo subs Magistrates pro eodem anno eligere.

Appendix (B.)

NOTE of the particular Years extracted from the Records of the Royal Burgh of Aberdeen, with a Certificate of the Town Clerk annexed to them, respecting the Elections of Magistrates and Town Council.

Head Court.

>3g8 -

1399 -

1408 -

1435 -

None -1450 -

1467 -

1468 -

1469 -

1474 -

1475 -

*477 -1481 -None -1488 -

None -

|494 -None -1503 -

Vol. 48.

Guild Court.

None

- None None

- None

- >439

- None

- None

- 1468 None

- >474

- None None

- None -

- >485

- 1488

- 1489

- >494

- 1496

- 1502

II Q None

970

Bepm t*> fa&JttialM.

17° HfaftGotrfc Jmiu GriUCMK.

NOK0 - - fa *5»3

1509 - - 1509

None - - - 15*

None - - - *5*5

»5i7 - - *5*7

None - *523

1526 - - - 1526

1528 - - - *528

1529 - fa 1529

1530 - - - *530

*53* *53*

»53» m - *53»

*533 - fa w *533

1534 - - fa *534

1535 - - *535

*336 * fa fa *33*

*537 - fa *537

*53® ¥ fa *538

1539 - fa# *539

1340 - None - ¥ *54*

- - *543

*549 «r *540

*55* *' fa fa *55*

*555 fa fa *555

None - - - *556

ifi6i - fa *5®*

*5^3 - fa fa . *5«3

- d *5$4

15*5 - 4' - *5«5

1573 - - - *573

*574 - fa *574

1580 - - - 1580

158a - a fa 1582

None - . fa fa 13U

1586 - - - 1586

*587 - , *a , 1517

1581 fa fa 1588

*59» fa fa 1595

*59* * u fa *59*

a. \m.

There «r*Two Extract*, containing the Elections Of the abott? Ydaft, certified in the following Manner;

(v»*,)

The rtf. — ‘ExtfaaWd from the Council Reeo#d«of the BOfgh Of Aberdeen, upon this and the Eighty-seven preceding Pages, by me Alexander Carnegie, Recorder and Clerk of the said Burgh — according to the Note of Particulars wanted, given in to me by Messrs. Alexander Leslie and Patrick Barron, Merchants, in Aberdeen, after inspecting the Records themselves at Aberdeen, the 27th Day of April One thousand seven hundred and Eighty-nine Years.

ALEX. CARNEGIE.

The 2d. — Extracted from the Records of the City of Aberdeen, on this and the Nineteen preceding Pages, by me, Towft Clark,

ALEX. CARNEGIE.

I William Smith, Notary Public, residing In the City of Aberdeen, in North Britain, duly admitted and sworn, do hereby certify and attest to all #hoih if may concern, That the foregoing Extracts from the Records of the said City were all wrote by me, afld contain an exact and literal Transcript of the several Acts therein mentioned, written on the Twenty preceding Pages, without any Addition or Diminution, having been carefully collated and compared with the original Books or Registers irt the Custody of the said Town Clerk and Recorder of the said City, and that the Years therein mentioned taken promiscuously from the Records; and further, that Alexander Carnegie, E4Q. who signs each of the Said Pages, is Town Clerk, and Recorder of the said City of Aberdeen, and that td all Extracts signed by him &s such, all due Faith is and ought to be given. In Testimony whereof I have written and subscribed these Presents at Aberdeen this 30th April 1793-

Praemissa rogatus Attestor,

WILLIAM SMITH, N. P.

N. B. The Years certified by the last Attestation are 1435, *439, 1469, 1477, 1481, 1485, 1489, 1496, 1502, 1503, 1509, 1511, 1515>*523, *543, 1556, and 1584.

COPIES EXTRACTS.

1399.* Liber Communitatis Burgi de Aberdene Est iste qui incipit die Lune proximo post festum bead Michaelis Archangeli anno Domini millesimo treeeniessimo nonagesimo nono. Quo die Electus suit Adam de Benya eum consensu et Assensu totius Cdihmunitatis dicti Burgi in Officium Aldermani. Et WillnlUS Blyrtndule

Simon

S3 Geo. III. 17" Jumi. gTl

Simon de Benyir, Joft. Wontiot, ot Joftes Fflft» Thome1 El eel* suet to Offreiora BUHtvwmn, gt Mauricius Report re-ffihis Robert!, Donalders Ear, Fergusius filius Ade, Et Johes de Loom, Eleetl sunt in Oflfkrifaw* Swrjandonnn. specting the Eodem die Electi sunt in Communes Consiliarios dicti Burgi- Wlftmus do Camera Pa*er, Lawrencius de Rf°|a'1^urgh8 Loth, Willmus de Camera Filius, Alexander Bannerman, Thomas Spryng, Wilhnus Andro, Johes Andro, of Scotland-Johes de LedaFe; David de Scrogs, J ohes Scherar, Robertus Filius David1, Johes Loccon, Hugo Arbothnot,

Johes Ruthirfuird, Willmus de Gray, Simon Lamb, Ricardus de Lownen, Wittmas Bovthwkrk1, Johes Strang, et Ricardos Fieher.

Liber Communitatis Burgi de Abirdene incipiens die Lune proximo post festum Beati Michaelis- ArehamgeH 1408.

de anno D'ommr Milleshno Qtrarfringentesimo Octavo Quo die Rtotoertus tikis- David etectua suit in Offi-cium Alderrnanni, Andreas Giffurd, Richardus Fichet, Johes filius Heniriei, Et WiUtnus Jacson, Electi fueraot in Officium Ballivorum Johannes Ttayle Fergosius Acte, Johes Lucris Et 'Johannes Setter Electi fuerant in Officium Serjandorum.

Commune Consilium — Willmus de Camera pater Lawrencius de Leith Willmus de Camera filius Thomas Spryng. Johes Fichet, Johes Wormot, Thomas Lamb, Willmus Kyntor, Duncanas de Many Willmus Blynd-sele, Adam Thome, Johes Jacobi, Ricanfus de Lowrmrr, Johes Filius Alani, Johes Scherar.

Die Lune tertio die Mensis Octobris, Anno D*Bf millesimo Quadringentesime trecesimo Quinto (viz.) die Anno Juridico post festuoi beati Michael. Armi pdicti electus suit p Commune Consftiam et Confratres Gilde, 1435. Johannes de Scroggs in Officium prepositi hujus Burgi, de Abdene, Alex' de Camera, Wiu» et keres Thome de Camera, Johannes de Marr Junior, Matheus Fichet, et Johannes Vokel filius in Officia Ballivorum. Willelmus Atkynson, Matheu6 die*. Duer, Johannes- Willelmus Erugmaler Armocum, et Alex' Johannis,

Electifuerunt per totam Communrtatem burgi S" leges ejusdem in Officio Beddehorum sive Serjandorum qui omnes Officiarii in pntia totius Communitatis ad servand. leges et Consuetudines Laudabiles ac Statuta utilia hujus Burgi fact, et faciend. juxta Consilium communis Consilii vel majoris et Sanioris Partis ejusdem Cor-poraJia juramenta prestituerunL

Subscripti persons Electi Fuerunt et jurati ad Com. Consilium burgi (viz.) Thomas de Camera, Johannes de Vaus, Gilbertus Meignes, Ricardus de Rutherford, Johannes de Fyfe, Andreas Ayncroft, Johannes de Fyffi, Andreas AyoeCrott, Johannes Vohel, Pat-Willebmis de Kyntor, Andreas de Culaney Symen Blakra, Stephanus de Balrong, Thomas1 da Stone, Johannes Gray, Angusine Ade, Thomae de Craafacd, Alex' de Kyntor, Andreas Branche, Robertus Will, Johannes Blykdzele, Robertus Blyndzele, Willelmus Sherar, Thomas Blyndzele, Adam de Hill, Johannes Burnell, Willelmus de Fodringham, Duncanus de Clatt et Pa-tricius de Badynach, ac Johannes Fichett, et Th. tlmfrason, Willmus Giffard, et Johannea de Culane.

Curia Gilde Burgi de Abdene tent, coram Gtfberto Megnes pposito noho die mensia Octobris Anno dni xxxix Quo die Seeds vocaris et Curia afiumata absentes patent in rotulo Sectarum et amerciatnen-tarum.

Elects ad commune Consilium

Joannes de Vaus Joannes de Fife Richardus de Rutherfurd Johes Vokel Pater Johnes Gray Stephanus de Balrony Robertus Williamson Aodr. Menzies Rogerus Williamson Thomas Blyndseil Thomas de Crawfurd Duncanus Paterson Thomas de Rollatid

Johannes de Scroggs Johes de Marr Andreas Ayucroft Duncanus de Clat Andreas Bronche Patricius de Badenach Andreas de Culane Matheas Fichet Robertas Blyndseil Johes Harrison Culane Johes Vokel Filius1 Wallerua Giffard.

H39,

Cum - Capitaiis Burgi d& Abirdene tenia io Pretorio ejusdem per Balltvos tertio did OctoVria Anno domini millesimo Quadringentesimo Septuogesimo quarto quo die seeds vocatia et Curia ftffirmata Absentes Patent in Rotulo Sectarum.

Eodem die Alexander de Camera electus suit in Officium prepositure pro Anno sequente et ad deserviend. fideliter in dicto Officio Juramentum prestitit Corporale.

Johannes de Vaus, David Meignies, David Symson, et Gilbertus de Camera Electi fuerunt in Officia Balli* vorum prestids per eosdem solitis Juramentis.

Johannes Lawrie, senT, Alexr de Camera, Alex' Andree, et Duncanus de Straloch, Eodem die continuati fuerunt in Officio Serjandorum pro Anno luturo.

Curia Gilde Burgi de Abirdene tenta per Prepositum et Fratres Gilde Quinto Die Mensis Novembris, Anno Millesimo quadringentesimo Septuagesimo quarto.

Quo die subscripti Electi fuerunt in communes Consiliarios hujus Burgi pro anno sequente.

Commune Consilium.

Andreas Alanson,

Alex. Meignies,

Johes de Marr,

Ricardus de Kyntor,

Jobes de Knollis,

Robertus Culane,

David Colysori,

Alex' Blyndschel,

Thomas de Camera,

Gilbertus Vaus, Thomas de Ctria&e, Willmus Vokel, Edwardus Lowson, Willmus Rettie, Johes Glemalvyn.

Vol. 48.

Curia

972 17° Junii. A. 1793.

1475. Curia Capitals Burgi de Abirdene tenta in Pretorio per Ballivos ejusdem, die secunda mensis Octobris,

Anno domini Millesimo Quadringentesimo Septuagesimo Quinto, quo die Seeds Vocatis, et Curia affirmata, Absentee patent in rotulo Sectarum.

Report respecting the

Quo die Alexander Meignies Electus suit in Officium Prepositune pro Anno sequente et ad deserviead. fideliter in dicto Officio Juramentum prestitit Corporale.

Item, Eodetn die, David Leslie, Thomas de Fyfe, Robertus Blyndsell, et Jacobus Cumyng Elecri fuerunt in Officio Ballivorum et ad deserviend. in dicto Officio fideliter pro commune Commodo Juramenta presdterunt Corporalia.

Item, Johannes de Vaus, Alex' Chaumir, Alex' Androson, et Duncanus de 'Straloch continuad fuerunt in Officio Serjandorum pro Anno sequente.

Subscripd Electi sunt, et jurati in Communi Consilio hujus Burn pro anno Sequente.

Alex' Chaumir de Murthill, Johes de Kyntor,

Andreas Scherar, Alex' Rede,

Johes de Marr, Day* Mathouson,

Matheus Fichel, Ada de Crawfuird,

Johes de Knollis, Willmus Mallyson,

David Colvson, Jobes Worraot,

Johes Wode, Alex' de Marr.

Alex' Howisone,

‘477* Curia Capitalis Burgi de Aberdene tenta in Pretorio p Ballivos ejusdem die sexta mensis Octobris,

Anno dni m* CCCC* Lxxvii Quo die, Seeds Vocatis et Curia affirmata Absen. patent in Rotulo Sect.

Eodem die Alexander de Camera electus suit in Officium ppositure pro Anno sequente et ad deserviend. fideliter in dicto Officio, Juramentum presdtit Corporale.

After the Election of the Four Baillies and the Town Seijands, with the Verdict of an Inquest, on a Brieve, in Favour of Isabel Barclay, there is recorded as follows (viz.)

It Eodem Die subscripd Electi fuerunt et jurati in Andreas Sherar,

Alex. Mengzies,

Johes de Marr,

Johes de Knollis,

David Collisone,

Johes Wode,

Tho* de Fife.

Tho* de Camera,

Gillbtus Vaus,

David Mathosone,

' Alex' de Marr,

Tho* Pratt,

Comes Consiliarios hujus Burgi pro Anno instariti. Petrus Kyntor,

Alex' Howbone,

Andreas Reede de Badsothel,

Alex' Reide,

Johnes de Kyntor,

David Sy mpsone,

Edmdus Lowsone,

Gilbtus de Camera, i; .

Adam de Crawfurd,

Johes Stevinson,

Alex' Hay,

David de Kyntor.

Curia Capitalb Burgi de Aberdene tenta in Pretorio ejusdem sexto die mensb Octobris Anno domini Millesimo Quadringentesimo Nonagesimo quarto Quo die seeds Vocath et Curia affirmata Absentes patent in Rotulo Sectarum.

Eodem Die David Menzies Electus suit in Officium Prepositure pro anno instante presdto solito Juramento.

Eodem die Johannes Menzies, Gilbertus Menzies, Andreas Branche et Jacobus Collisone Electi fuerunt in Officium Ballivorum prestith solids Juramenth pro Anno instante.

Eodem Die Philippus Dumbreck, Andreas Nauchly, Thomas Jamesone, et Henricus Owyne Electi fuerunt in Officium Seijandorum pro Anno instante prestith solith Juramenth.

Curia Ballivorum legalb de Aberdene, tenta in Pretorio ejusdem, decimo die Octobris Annoque supra.

There are several Amerciaments and Convictions by the Court, and an Assize; — then follows

Consilium

Alex* Rede, Alex' Chatmr the fader, Sir John Ruthirfuird, Alex' Menzies

Rob* Blindsell, John of Cullane

John Colisone, Tho* Prat, Alex' Chamir the sone

Andrew Murray Elder, David Matheson . '

Andro' Culane the Younger, Andrew Culane Elder

Wm Fitchet, Robert Graye

Alex' Marr, David Marr, William Bluidsell.

Curia

L

£2

K

.33 Geo. III. 17° J973

Curia Capitalis Ballivorum de Aberdene tenta in pretorio ejusdem quarto die mensis Octobris anno Domini Millesimo Quingentesimo Secundo Quo die Sectis Voecatis et Curia affirmata Absentes patent &c.

Eo die Alexander Menzies Electus suit in Officium prepositure pro Anno instante prestito Solito Juramento.

Eodem die Thomas Lesly, Jacobus Collyson, Johannes Marr, et David Mafr Electi fuerunt in Officium 'Ballivorum pro Anno instante prestitis solitis Juramentis.

Eodem die Willmus Scrimgeoure, Andreas Nauchtie, Gilbertus Prestone et Johannes Cuik Electi fuerunt in Officium Serjandorum pro anno instante prestitis Solitis Juramentis.

A

Curia Gilde. tenta in pretorio Burgi de Abirdene septimo die Mensis Octobris anno quo supra.

Eodem die Gilbertus Menzies et Andreas Cullane Electi fuerunt Decani Gilde pro anno instanti prestitis solitis Juramentis.

Eodem die Robertus Bluisdele, Johannes Cuilane, Alex' Reid, Johannes Wormit, Andreas Murray, Willmus Fitchet et Alex' Gray Electi fuerunt Auditores Computorum Decanorum Gilde Anno Elapso.

Consilium.

Johannes Leslie de Wardes Dominus Johnes Ruthirfuird Miles, Robertus Bluidsell, David Menzies, Johannes Culane, Alexr Chaumir, Alex' Rede, John Knollis, Johannes Collyson, Alex' Marr, Johannes Wormet, Willmus Chaumir, Andreas Murray, Tho* Wauss, Willmus Fitchet, Alex' Gray, Willmus Buildsell, Matheas Branche, Willmus Murray, Johannes Blak, W. Gray, David Stewart, Duncanus Collison, Patricius Rede, Johannes Greg.

Curia Capitalis Ballivorum de Abirdene tenta in pretorio ejusdem primo die mensis Octobris anno domini Millesimo Queogentesimo nono Quo die sectis Vocatis et Curia affirmata absentes patent.

Andreas Watson in Cullan,

Willmus Blakhall, dead.

Symon Mitchel,

David Hay,

Georgius Johnstone,

Johes Watsone in Garnenly,

Andreas Gordone,

Willmus Vyne,

Johes Henrison,

Alex'Fulidif,

Robertus Fraser,

Alex' Neister,

Patricius Ramsay,

Dav* Bannerman, Junr.

Electio Prepositi.

Eodem die Gilbertus Menzies electus suit in Officium prepositure pro anno instante prestito solito Juramento.

Electio Ballivorum.

Eodem die Johannes Colisone, Johannes Mar, Patricius Leslie at Alex' Menzies Electi fuerunt in Officium Balivorum pro anno instante prestitis Solitis Juramentis.

Electio Serjeandorum.

Eodem die Willhelmus Scrimgeoure, Normandus Leslie, Andreas Naughtie et Johannes Cuik Electi fuerunt in Officium Serjeandorum pro anno instante prestito solito Juramento.

Curia Gilde Burgi de Abirdene tenta in pretorio ejusdem Quinto die Mensis Octobris Anno Domini Millesimo Quingentesimo nono.

Consilium.

Johannes Lesley of Wardes, Robert Gray,

Sir John Ruthirfuird, Willzeam Fithet,

Johne of Culane, Willzeam Wormet,

Andrew Cullane, John Andersone,

James Collysone, David Stewart,

Thomas Chaumir, Patry Reed,

Alexander Gray, Willzeam Murray,

Thomas Waus, Alex' Mallysone,

Tho* Wode, Mathew Branche,

Duncan Collysone, Charles Stevinson,

David Mar, David Fynie,

Willzeam Portar, . Andrew Lowson.

George Bisset, it P Decani

Andreas Watson,

Thomas Davyson,

Duncanus Andersone, Robertus Davisone,

Willmus Richardsone,

Tho* Laisk at Newbyth, Angus Wat at Mony Cabok, Andreas Baxter at Newburgh, Richardus Watsone,

Tho*. Watsone in Gowllis, Thomas Widman,

1502.

Report respecting the Royal Burghs of Scotland.

1509.

974

A. 1793.

17° Junii.

Rep0* «- Decani Gilde.

specting the

ReyalBarghs Eodem die Thomas Chaumir et Duncanus Colisone Electi fuerunt Decani Gilde pro anno instanti cum of Scotland, adjutorio praepositi prestitis solitis Juramentis.

Magistri fabris Ecclesie.

Eodem die Patricius Leslie et Georgius Bisset Electi fuerunt Magistri fabris Ecclesie pro anno instante prestitis solitis Juramentie.

Auditoris Computorum Magistrorum fabris Ecclesie et Decanorum Gilde.

Eodem die Gilbertus Menzies prepositus Johes Leslie de Wardes, Johannes Cullane, Andreas Cullane, Patricius Leslie, Thomas Waus, Tho* Wode et David Mar Electi fuerunt Auditores Computorum Magistri fabris Ecclesie et Decanorum Gilde prestitis solitis Juramentis.

Curia Gilde.

1523. Curia Gilde Burgi de Aberdene tenta in ptorio. ejusdem die Veneris nono Octobris anno Domini

Millesimo Quingentesimo Vigesimo tertio.

Eodetn die Jacobus Collisone and David Anderson re electi fuere in Offlcium Decanorum Gilde et Magistrotum fabricie Ecclesie divi Nicholai nostri Gioriosissimi patri presto solito Juremento.

Nomina Consulum et Lineatorum.

Sir In* Rutherford, Andrew Cullan, John Collison,

John Marr,

Duncan Collison,

Al. Gray,

John Anderson, Gawan Murray, Rob*. Moyses, Walter Cullam,

Pat. Leslie, John Murray, Al. Rutherford, Geo. Bissett, John Black.

Nma Auditorum Compotorum.

Sir John Ruthirford, And'r Cullane,

John Collisone,

John Marr,

Tho* Menzies,

Alex' Gray, Ja, Collison, W Rolland, Patiy Leslie.

Curia Capitalis Ballivorum Burgi de Abirdene tenta in Pretorio ejusdem Primo die Mensis Octobris Anno domini Millesimo Quintengesimo Vigesimo sexto Quo die sextis Vocatis Curia affirmata Absentes patent, &c.

Eo Die Honorabilis et Circumspectus Vir Gilbertus Menzies de Findone Electus suit in Officium prepositure Burgi de Abirdine de commune omnium Burgensium Consensu pro Anno instante et prestito solito jura-mento.

Eo die Honorabiles viri Willmus Rolland, David Andersone, Duncanus Mar, et Patricius Forbes Electi fuerunt in Officium Ballivorum diet! Burgi de communi omnium Burgensium Consensu pro anno instante prestito solito Juramento.

Eo die Normannus Leslie, Tho* Blair, David Herroun et Walterus Sauray Electi fuerunt in Officium Ser-jeandorum dicti Burgi de Communi omnium Burgensium consehsu pro anno instante prestito solito Juramento.

Curia Ballivorum Burgi de Abirdene, tenta in Pretorio ejusdem quinto Octobris anno Domini Millesimo Quingentesimo Vigesimo Sexto.

Nomina Consulum et Lineatorum terrarum in Burgo.

Tho* Menzies of Petfoddellis, Schir Johnne Ruthirfuird Knyght, Androw Cullane,

Alex' Gray,

Tho* Chalmer,

Duncan Collysone,

Alex* Ruthirfuird,

Tho* Ruthirfuird,

Maister Androw Tullideff,

Patrick Leslie, Robert Moyses, Thom. Murray Elder. George Bessat, Walter Cullane, Shone Black,

Rich* Waus,

Mathow Branche, Johne Arthur,

W" Gray.

Deynis of Gild and the Masters of Kirkwark.

The said Day David Andersone, George Bissat, & Robert Moyses, was chosen be the Awyss of the Provost Baillies & Counsall above written Deynfs of Gild and Maisters of Kirkwark for this instant Zeir the Gryt Ayth be thame be&nd swome to wiss the said Offices for the common Weil as was is.

-a Auditores

ii

4

33 Geo. III. 17° jfunii. 975

1536.

Report re-

Auditores Computorum. JJoyaiitorgksi

of Scotland.

Thomas Menzies, Willus Holland,

Dominus Johannes Ruthirfuird, Georgius Bissat,

Andreas' Cullan, Robertus Moses.

Alex' Gray,

Curia Capitalis Ballivorum Burgi de Abirdene tenta in Pretorio ejusdena secundo die Mensis Octobris Anno Domini Millesimo Quingentesimo trigesimo sexto Quo die sectis Vocatis Curia Legittime affirmata Absen. Paten.

Eodem die Honorabilis et Circumspectus Vir Gilbertus Menzies de Findoun Electus suit in Officium Prepositure dicti Burgi pro anno instante de commune omnium Civium et Burgensium dicti Burgi prestito tamen p eundem solito Juramento.

Eodem die Andreas Menzies David Andersone Alexander Ruthirfuird & Willus Rolland Senior Electi fuerunt in Oflicium Ballivorum dicti Burgi de Communi omnium Civium et Comburgensium consensu prestito tameo per eosdem solito Juramento durante anno instante.

Eodem die Thomas Blair, Thomas Huntar, Johannes Keith et Duncanus Porter de communi omnium Civium et Comburgensium consensu Electi fuerunt in Officium Serjeandorum dicti Burgi durttute anno instante prestitis tamen per eosdem omnibus solitis Juramentis.

Curia Gilde.

Curia Gilde Ballivorum Burgi de Abirdene tenta in pretorio ejusdem sexto die Mensis Octobris anno domini Millesimo Quingentesimo trigesimo sexto per Honorabiles viros prepositum Andream Menzies* David Andersone, Alexanderium Ruthirfuird, et Willum Rolland, quo die sectis Curia legittima affirmata Absen. Paten.

Thomas Menzies,

Andro Cullane,

John Co'.yson Elder,

Mr. Andro Tullideff, Thomas Chalmer, Walter Cullane,

Duncan Marr,

Patrick Leslie,

John Collyson Younger, Alex' Menzies,

Johnne Ruthirfuird, Patrick Forbes,

Nomina Consulum.

Will* Lyon,

Alex' Gray,

Alexr Nicholsone, Rob' Black, Gilbert Mallisone, Geo. Bissatt,

Alex' Kintor, Mathew Branche, Andro' Durly, John Chalmer.

Thesaurars & Deynis of Gild.

The said Day the Provost and Counsell present for the Time chesit David Andersone Baelzie Walter Cullane and John Chalmer the Guid Towns Treasurer Denis of Gild and Maisters of Kirkwark & Brigwarke for this instant zeir and acceptd the said Offices on Thame and are sworne thereto to exercise the same Lelie and trewlie for this instant zeir And ordains John Chalmer aforesaid to intromet with the Towns Haill Money baytli of Watermails, Land Mails, Saint Nicholas Silver, Law Silver, And all uther Incomes and Accidents perteining the Guid Towne, and keep the same And Walter Cullane to wreit the same so far as he ressaves and heis givin forth and spendit, and debursit thairof for the Commoun Weil and dewties of the guid Towne be all thair avysB.

Auditores Computorum dicti Burgi.

The said Day the Cornwall present for the tyme Chesit Gilbert Menzies Provost, and the four Bailzies of this instant Yeir Andro' Cullane, Thomas Menzies, John Collyson Elder Maister Andrew Tullideff, Walter Hay and Andro' Lowson Auditors of all the Towns Comptis for this instant Zeir And in special of the Compts of Ardlar so far as is unmade of all Zeirs by gane.

The Pryvie Counsall.

The said day the Counsall present for the tyme Chesit Gilbert Menzies Provost, Andro Cullane, Thomas Menzies John Collysone Elder and the four Bailzies of this instant Zeir the Townes pryvie and secseit Counsel for this instant Zeir to cognosce, conclude and determine on all the Guid Townes Secreit Besyness and Errands concerning the Common Weil of the Towne for the Common Weil.

Vol. 48. Curia

Report re* spec ting the Royal Burghs of Scotland.

WJuniL A. 1793.

Curia Capitalis Communitatis Burgi de Aberdene tenta in Pretorio ejusdem primo die Mensis Octobris Anno Domini Millesimo quingentesimo trigesimo Septimo Quo die sectis vocates Curia legittime aftirmata suit Absentes Patent.

Nomina Absentium.

Alexr Hucbeoun,

Patricius Marr,

Henricus Irvine,

Jacobus Wricht,

Andreas Wricht,

Alex' Johnstoun,

Tho* Lamingtoun,

Jacobus Black,

Thomas Andersone, Junior,

Johannes Craufurde, Andreas Wendy, Willielmus Tullideff, Robertus Crag, Willus Car,

Johannes Knollis, Jacobus Traill,

Tho* Hay senior.

Eodem die circumspectus vir Tho* Menzies de Pitfoddellis filius et heres apparens Gilberti Menzies de ffvndone electus suit in preposituin Burgi prefati de communi omnium Burgensium consensu prestito solito Jura-mento et hoc pro. Anno instanti.

Eodem die David Andersone Andreas Menzies Alexr Ruthirfuird et Willielmus Rolland electi fuerunt in officium Ballivorum prefati Burgi de communi omnium Comburgensium Consensu pro Anno instanti prestitis per eosdem solids Juramentis.

Eodem die Alex' Kay, Thomas Huntar Johannes Keyth et Johannes Ivelo Electi fuerunt in Officium Ser-jeandorum pro Anno instanti per Majorem partem Comburgensium et de communi Consensu eorundem prestitis per eosdem solids Juramentis.

Curia Gilde Ballivorum Burgi de Aberdene tenta in pretorio ejusdem quinto die Mensis Octobris Anno Domini Millesimo Quingentesimo tregesimo Sepdmo per Honorabiles Viros Thomam Menzies Pre-positum David Andersone Alexandrum Ruthirfuird et Willum Rolland Ballivos Quo die sectis Vocatis Curia Legittime affirmata suit Absentes Patent.

Johnne Ruthirfuird, William Andersone, Sanders Tullideff, Sanders Hucheon, Henrie Irwine,

And row Brabnor, Johnne Jamesone, Sanders Cane,

Nomina Absendum.

Tho* Scherrar,

Will Quhyt,

Mr. Johnne Gordon, William Annand, Johnne Recaucht, Johnne Andersone, Mr. W" Forbes.

Nomina Consulum et Lineatorum.

Gilbert Menzjes, Andrew Cullane,

Johnne Collysone Elder, Mr. Andrew Tullideff, Thos Chalmer,

Walter Cullane,

Duncane Marr,

In* Collyson Yo', Alex' Menzies, John Ruthirfuird, Patrick Forbes, W" Lyon,

Alex' Gray,. Alexr Nicholsone, Rob' Black,

Gilbert Mallisone, Geo. Byssat, Alex' Kyntor, Mathow Branche, And' Durly,

; Johnne Chalmer.

Auditores Computorum.

Gilbertus Menzies, Magister Andreas Tullideff,

Andreas Cullane, Walterus Hay,

Johannes Collyson, Andreas Lewson,

Unacum preposito et Ballivis.

Eo die David Andersone Electus suit in Magistrum fabrici operis Ecclesie parochialis Divini Nicholai de Aberdene et Juratus suit decimo Octobris in Conspectu Consilii.

Et similiter Magister Andreas Tulliedeff Electus suit in Decanum Gylde prestito solito Juramento de quo supra et hoc pro anno instanti.

Die

33 Geo. III.

977

17° Junii,

Die Veneris.

Curia Gilde Ballivorum Burgi de Aberdene tenta in ptorio ejusdem quinto die Merisis Octobris Anno dtni millesimo Quingentesirao quadragesimo tertio per Honorabiles Viros Gilbertum Menzies, Alexrum Knollis, W* Rolland et Walterum Cullan Ballivos dicti Burgi.

N5ia Consulum et Lineatorum.

1543-

Report respecting the Royal Burgha of Scotland.

Andrew Cullan,

John Collison,

Tho* Chalmer,

Alex' Gray Elder, Henry Irwyne,

John Collisone,

Alex' Nicholsonne, David Anderson, Androw Menzies, Maister John Gordon, Alex' Ruyrfurd,

And* Lowsonne, Duncan Marr,

Bob. Cullan,

M. Rob. Lumsden, Dav11 Marr,

Gilb‘ Tulydeff,

D. Menzies.

Jos. Ruyrfurd,

Master Jn° Freser,

Gilb'. Freser,

Geo. Bisset,

Gilb*. Mabsoun,

John Collison,

Walter Hay,

Patri Forbes,

Alex' Menzes,

Walter Leslie.

una cum iiii Ballivis Elect, pro Anno instant, (viz.) Alex' Knolles, Wm Rolland, Alex'/Gray, M. Patrick Ruyrfurd.

Tho* Myll,

Al. Bisset,

Al. Gray,

John Brabur, John Jameson, Gilb* Brabur, Patrie Forbes, Tho* Hay, And. Steven,

Noia Absentium.

Jos. Fairly,

Ja. Irvin, Archbald Rail, John Pecocke, Ja* Spark,

W" Duncan, And. Cutts, Wal. Ruth, Tho* Paton, Tho* Watson.

Auditores Compotorum,

Andrew Cullan, John Collysone, David Audersonne, Alex' Gray, Eld', Gilb' Tullidef, Androw Lowson, Walter Hay,

Geo. Bisset.

Gustatores Cervisie for the Four Quarters.

Eodem die Andreas Menzes & Alex' Ruyrfurd Electi fuerunt in Decanos Gilde tempore instantis anni prestitis per eosdem Jnramentis solitis.

Eodem die David Anderson Electus suit Mag' operis Ecclesie pro anno instanti prestito solito Jura-mento.

Eodem die Willmus Rolland Electus suit Mag' operis pontis de Dee pro tempore anni instantes prestito solito Juramento.

Curia Capitalis Communitatis Burgi de Aberdene tente in pretorio ejusdem tertio die Mensis Octobris 1580.

Anno Domini Millesimo Quingentesimo Octuagesimo.

Nomine Absentium.

(Recorded as usual.)

Eodem die Honorabilis vir Gilbertus Menzies de pitfoddellis Electus et admissus suit in Officium prepositure dicti Burgi de communi omnium Comburgensium consensu et assensu unanimi voto absque Contradictione pro spacio Anni immediate cursuri prestito per eundem publice et palam solitp Juramento.

Eodem die Honorabiles viri Robertus Menzies Senior Alexander Rutherfuird GilbertOs Gray et patricius Leslie Electi fuerunt pretores seu Ballivi dicti Burgi de communi Comburgensium consensu et assensu pro spatio Anni immediate cursuri prestitis per eosdem publice solitis Juramentis.

Eodem die Honesti viri Alex Chalmer Tho* Dicksone Alex' Rolland et Johannes Smytht Electi fuerunt Serjeande seu Officiarii dicti Burgi de communi omnium Comburgensium Consensu et Assensu pro spatio anni immediate cursuri prestitis per eosdem Solitis Juramentis et Willielmus Menzies de Ferriehill devenit

Vol. 48. 11 Q fideijussor

978 17° Junii. A. 1793.

Report re- fideijussor pro diligente et fidele Administratione dicti Alexandri Chalmers in suo Officio, Willielmus Marr selecting the pro dicto Thomas Dicksone, Johannes Cullen pro dicto Alexandro Rolland et Alex' Mollisone pro dicto Joh&nne

Die Veneris.

Curia Gilde Ballivorum Burgi de Aberdeene tenta in preterio ejusdem Septimo die Mensis Octo-bris Anno Domini Millesimo Quingentesimo Octuagesimo per Honorabiles Viros Gilbertum Menzies de Pitfoddelles prepositum Alexandrutn Ruthirfuird Gilbertum Gray et Patricium Leslie Ballivos.

Absentes.

Recorded as usual.

Eodem die Honorabilis Vir Jacobus Leslie Electus suit Thesaurarius dicti burgi ac feudefirmarum Collector pro spatio anni immediate cursuri qui immediate Juramento solito acceptavit hujusmodi Officium.

Eodem die Honorabiles viri Willielmus Menzies Senior et David Anderson Electi et admissi fuerunt decani Gilde dicti liurgi pro spatio presentis Anni immediate cursuri Qui immediate Juramento Solito hujusmodi Officium super se acceptarunt.

Eodem die Honorabilis Vir Alex' Cullen Electus suit Magister operis pontis de Dee et Collector firmarum de Ardlair eidem ponte annexat. nec non Magister operis Ecclesie divi Nicholai de Aberdene Parochialis et Collector proficuum et Emolumentorum dicte Ecclesie pro spacio anni immediate Cursuri qui immediate Juramento solito hujusmodi Officium acceptavit.

Eodem die Honorabiles viri Gilbertus Menzies de Pitfoddellis prepositus Magister Robertus Lumisden Alex' Rutherfuird Alex' Chalmer de Cultis David Marr Alex' Knowis Senior et Alex* Cullen Electi fuerunt Commissarii dicti Burgi Et ad recipiend novos tenentes feudifirmarum dicti Burgi Et ad confirmand. Cartas Alienationum super hujusmodi ffeudifirmas.

Eodem die Honorabiles viri Gilbertus Menzies de Pitfoddellis prepositus Gilbertus Menzies Senior Magister Robertus Lumisden David Marr Alexander Chalmer de Cultis Alexander Rutherfurd Gilbertus Gray David Andersone et David Endeaucht Electi fuerunt Auditores Computorum dicti Burgi pro spacio anni immediate cursuri prestitis pro eosdem soli tis jur amentis.

The said day The Counsall understanding that ane certain Number of the Auld Counsall Electit and Chosin the last Zeir ar departit and deceist at the Pleasure of God to the Number of ffvve persones and therefoir thocht expedient to join ffyve utheris in thair places. And to that Effect nominated and chesit as persones worthie William Menzies of Ferrehill David Menzies Elder, Alexander Howesone, David Anderson and David Endeaucht quhielks war admitted & swome Counsalours of this Burgh in their vices and Places.

Nomina Consulum et Lineatorum.

Gilbertus Menzies prepositus, Robertus Menzies Senior, Alex' Ruthirfuird, j Gilbertus Gray, > Ballivi Patricius Leslie, J Magister Robertus Lumisden, Alex' Chalmer Senior,

Alex' Chalmer Junior, Gilbertus Menzies Senior, David Menzies ejus filius,

Alex' Menzies Sen',

David Marr,

Willielmus Menzies Senior, Alex' Knowis sen',

Joannes Lowsome,

Alex. Cullen,

Will. Menzies de Ferriehill, David Andersone,

Alex* Howesone,

David Endeaucht,

Jacobus Leslie,

Andreas Hun tar.

Appendix, (C.)

ABSTRACT of the Setts of the Royal Burghs.

I. EDINBURGH.

Two Decrees Arbitral 2 Acts of Counsel

'1658 & 1673} concerning the Sett3-

Council consists of 17 Merchants, 6 Deacons, and 2 Trades Counsellors, in all 25. These shorten the Leets for 14 Deacons, and elect 6 of them Council Deacons; they may continue 2 Years. The 14 Deacons are elected as follows: Each Corporation or Trade vote a List, or Leet, of 6, which they give in to the Council, who return 3 of the 6 for the Election of a Deacon, who is chosen by a Majority of the Votes of the Members of the respective Corporations. The 25 Members of Council elect 3 Merchants and 2 Trades Counsellors. The Old and New Council, consisting of 30 Leet for the Office Bearers, who are elected by them and the 8 Deacons not of the Council, making in all 38, Thereafter the Council consists, as formerly, of 25; but the 8 Extra Deacons have a Vote in every Case exceeding the Value of 1/. 13#. 4 d. The Magistrates consist of a Lord Provost, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, each of whom may be re-elected for 1 Year more, and Baillies, who cannot be re-elected into the same Office the succeeding Year, and they must be

o out

S3 Geo. III.

17 jfunii.

979

oat of Council l Year before they can be put in the Leet for Baillies; each of these Office Bearers remains in Report re-Council l Year ex Officio as Counsellors. A Baillie, tho' he cannot be re-elected until he be out of Council at »pectingihe least for i Year, yet the Sett does not prevent his being kept in Council a considerable Time by being elected into Burghs other Offices, such as Treasurer, Dean of Guild, and Provost, one after the other. 0 cot an *

II. PERTH.

Act of Convention, 1658, on a Submission, reduced the Council from 38 to 26, by striking off or debarring Two Trades Counsellors, but does not mention the Mode of Election.

The Sett mentioning the Mode of Election returned to the Convention in Consequence of the Order 1708.

Council consists of 26, to wit, 14 Merchants and 12 Tradesmen. Merchant Counsel are elected by such Members of the Old Town Council as are Merchants, but the old Magistrates continue 1 Year as Counsellors. The Trades Counsellors are elected by the Council out of Leets given in by the Trades.

Provost, 3 Baillies, and Dean of Guild, are Merchants; the Treasurer a Merchant and Tradesman per Vices, elected by the Town Council out of Leets given by the old Magistrates and Council; 4th Baillie is a Tradesman elected by the Council out of Leets given by the Corporation of Trades per Vices. Magistrates cannot be reelected above 2 Years; but no Restriction as to the Re-election ol Counsellors, nor to the Election of the same Magistrates after they have been One Year out of Office.

After the Election, Deacons are elected by each Corporation of Trades without Controul from the Council, and they with the Trades Baillie and Trades Counsellors elect a Convener, who is not a Member of the Council; nor are the Deacons Members of Council, ex Officio.

III. DUNDEE.

Provost, 4 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer and Counsellors, in all 20.

The Council, out of Leets made by themselves, choose 5 Merchants and 3 Trades Counsellors. The Old and New Council make Leets for Magistrates, Copies of which are given to the Trades, and the Election of those Magistrates is made by the Old and New Council, and 9 Deacons.

The Sett does not contain any Restriction against the Re-election of any Person in Office or in Council; Deacons not Counsellors ex officio; no Leets for them.

IV. ABERDEEN.

Established by Act of the Town Council 1591, and Decrees of Lords of Session approving the Alteration as according to the Acts of Parliament, tho' contrarie to former Practice.

Approved by Decrees Arbitral, King James .'jth, 1592.

Altered by Decrees Arbitral of Commissioners of Convention, 1596, giving the 6 Deacons of Trades not in Council a Vote in the Election of the Magistrates.

Council consists of 19, who choose 13 new Brethren of the Guild, and continue of the old, making 17, and choose Two of the Deacons, making in all 19.

Afterwards the New and Old Guild Council, consisting of 30, with 6 Deacons of Trades not in Council, and Deacons of Old and New Council, in all 40, elect Provost, Baillies, and other Officers, out of the Council.

No Leets for Deacons who are not Counsellors ex Officio.

V. STIRLING.

The Town Council by the Old Sett consisted of 7 Deacons chosen out of Leets made by the Trades, shortened by the Council to 2 Persons, and One of these Two chosen by each Trade, who was a Counsellor ex Officio, and 14 Merchant Counsellors elected by the Old Council, in all 21.

The Provost, 4 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, were chosen out of Leets of Persons in Council by the New and Old Council.

Seven Merchant Counsellors, and Deacons, being a Majority of the Council, changed Yearly.

Magistrates not to continue in the same Office longer than 2 Years.

No Restriction against Re-election of Magistrates or Counsellors changed after they had been One Year out of Office or Council.

By New Sett given 23d May 1781.

A Poll Election was given in the First Instance, and thereafter the Number of the Council the same as before, to be elected thus: 7 Deacons chosen by the Members of each Trade, without Leets or Controul from Council, as formerly, Counsellors ex officio; 4 New Merchant Counsellors, One of whom to be Dean of Guild to be elected by the Merchants or Members of the Guildry; 3 new Merchant Counsellors, to be elected by the Old Council, who vote off or remove 7 of the Old Merchant Council; 7 Merchant Counsellors, who remain without Election; in all 21. These 21 elect from themselves the Magistrates, except the Dean of Guild. The Old Council name Deacons, who cannot be re-elected for the next Year.

VI. LINLITHGOW.

The Number of Council, 19 Merchants and 18 Trades, in all 27, elected thus:

Each of the 8 Corporations of Trades gives a Leet of 3 Persons, of which the Council and Deacon of the Trade expunge One, and in his Stead add the then Deacon, and the Person so expunged presides at the Election respectively of each of the Deacons.

Vol. 48. The

980 17* 1793.

Report re- The Old Council choose a Leet of 12 to be added to the 12 of the Old Council, out of which the Old Council

specting the choose the new Merchant Council of 12. The 7 Magistrates, viz. a Provost, 4 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Royal Burghs Treasurer, are chosen by the Council out of the Leets made by themselves, in all 27.

0 cot an . There is no Provision against Re-election either of Magistrates or Council. Indeed it is provided for, as the old Counsellors are put into the Leet for the new.

VII. SAINT ANDREWS.

Decreet Arbitral on Submission to Convention, 8th July 1740, after the Sett, and concerns an Election prior to the Submission.

The Council consists of 29; Provost, Dean of Gild, 4 Baillies, and Treasurer, Merchants or Guildry, and 14 Gild Brethren, Merchant Counsellors, and the Convener and 7 Deacons, Trades Counsellors, elected thus-

The Old Council choose 3 new Merchant Counsellors; the Trades choose a Convener, and 7 Deacons; and the other 18 Members of Council remain without Election; in all 29.

The 7 Magistrates are elected out of the 21 Counsellors, by the Old and New Council of 32.

There appears to be no Leets of Deacons; but the old Magistrates are always put in the Leets for electing the new.

Ry the Decreet Arbitral, Regulation is made concerning the Residence of Magistrates, and that the Dean of Guild, Baillies, and Treasurer, shall not be continued in the same Office above 3 Years; and that no Tradesman shall be elected as Guild Counsellor, unless he renounce his Trade, and the Privilege of being a Deacon in future.

VIII. GLASGOW.

Sett, 1711. Altered by Council in 1748, and approved by Convention.

Council 29 or 33 in certain Cases.

By the Sett, they are elected thus:

The Council of 29 or 33 elect the Provost and 3 Baillies out of very complex Leets of the Council, made by the Magistrates; then the Provost and 3 Baillies so elected for that Year, and the Provosts and Baillies for the 2 preceding Years, in all 12, of whom there is in Council at the Time a Majority, or 8 out of 12, elect the Counsellors, viz. 13 Merchants and 12 Trades; in all 29.

The Magistrates and Council of the Year, with the Deacons of Trades, to whom are added as many Merchants as make the Number of Merchants equal to the Trades, elect the Dean of Guild out of a Leet from the Merchants House, and the Deacon Convener out of a Leet from the Trades House, who either may or may not be Members of Council; but if not, are extra Counsellors ex Officio. The Master of Works, and Treasurer, are elected by the New Council, and if not Members of Council, they are extraordinary Members ex Officio. In all extra Counsellors.

The Provost Baillies last elected, Dean of Guild, and Deacon Convener, are continued in the Council a Year after the Expiry of their Offices.

The 2 Senior Merchants, and 2 SeniorTrades Counsellors, not in the Magistracy, nor in preceding Article, shall be disqualified from sitting in Council for 3 Years.

IX. AIR.

Council consists of a Provost, 2 Baillies, Dean of Guild, Treasurer, and 10 Merchant and 2 Trades Counsellors, in all 17, elected thus:

The Old Council of 17 elect Merchants and 2 Tradesmen of different Crafts new Counsellors for the ensuing Year, which, with the Old Council of 17, make 23.

Those 23 make Leets of themselves for Provost, Treasurer, Dean of Guild, and Baillies, and then the said 23, along with Three Deacons of the other Crafts, in all 26, elect the 5 Magistrates out of the said Leets, Four of the Merchant, and 2 of the Trades Counsellors, go out of Council each Year.

The Sett contains no Regulation for the Change of any other Members of the Council than the Merchants and 2 Trades Counsellors; and there is no Restriction against the Re-election of the Counsellors so changed, after they have been 1 Year out of the Council.

X. HADDINGTON. — Act of Town Council, on Act of Convention, 1655.

Council consists of 16 Merchants and 9 Trades, elected thus:

The Magistrates and Merchant Council, in N* 16, elect new Merchant Counsellors, in Place of who are put off Yearly, at the Conclusion of the whole Elections, by the Magistrates, Treasurer, and new Merchant Counsellors; 12 Merchant Counsellors remain without any Election; and 7 Deacons and 2 Trades Counsellors are chosen by the Trades; in all 25.

The Trades Baillie is always One of the Trades Counsellors, and as such is chosen by the Trades; and the other Magistrates are chosen out of the new and old Merchant Council, by the new and old Merchant and Trades Council of 31.

Leets for Magistrates.

XI. D VS ART.

The Council consists of 2 Baillies and 21 Counsellors, Tradesmen.

in all 24, without Distinction of Merchants and

The

981

33 Geo. III. 17° Junii.

The Old Council chooses the New out of Leets given by each Member of Two Persons.

Each of the Baillies makes a Leet of 6, 12 in all, out of which the Old and New Council choose 6, that Six the Two Baillies are elected.

The Baillies and New Council choose the Treasurer out of the Leet of Two, given by the surer.

No Restriction as to Re-election either of Magistrates or Counsellors.

XII. KIRKA

Decreet Arbitral concerning the Sett by the Earl of Rothes, dated 1662, and Sett altered or explained 29th August 1721, on a Submission to Convention. Council consists of 10 Seafaring Men, 8 Merchants, and 3 Tradesmen; in all 21.

The Old Council choose the New; and the New and Old Council, with the whole Deacons, choose the 5 Magistrates.

No Counsellor can continue above Two Years together, unless an Officebearer; and the Deacons are joined with Counsel in setting Tacks, contracting Debt, and common Works.

No Restriction as to Re-election of Magistrates, and no Restriction against re-electing a Counsellor after he has been One Year out of Council.

Report ri and out of spiting

RoyalBurgl ., „ of Scotland

old Trea-

XIII. MONTROSE.

Council consists of 17 Merchants and 2 Tradesmen, including the Magistrates, making 19.

The Old Council choose the New. Only 7 old Magistrates continue Counsellors One Year longer ex Officio. The Old and New Council, out of Leets, elect of the Magistrates, and the New Council elect the other 3. No Limitation as to Re-election of Counsellors; but the Provost, Treasurer, and Hospital Master cannot continue in those Offices above 2, nor the Baillies above 3 Years; but no Restriction against re-electing them after being One Year out of Office, though in Council as old Magistrates.

XIV. CUPAR. — Said to have been observed 40 Years before 1710, and upwards.

The Council consists of a Provost, 3 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, 13 Guild or Merchant Counsellors, and 8 Deacons Trades Counsellors; in all 27. Elected thus:

The 13 Merchant Council choose the like Number to succeed them the ensuing Year, called the New Council; and the Old and New Council and 8 Deacons elect 5 of the Magistrates; and the Dean of Guild is elected by the whole Guild Brethren of the Burgh.

After the Election, 4 of the Old Council are chosen, One by each of the Provost and 3 Baillies, called the Adjoined Council, who are Members of the Council for that Year, but have no Vote at next Election. There is no Restriction against the Re-election either of Provost or Counsellors, at least after they have been One Year out of Office. The other Magistrates cannot continue in their Offices above 2 Years together; but there is no Limitation of re-electing them after being One Year out of Office.

XV. ANSTRUTHEREASTER.

Council consists of 19, apparently without Distinction of Merchants and Trades, viz*. 3 Baillies, 1 Treasurer, and 15 Counsellors.

The Old Council nominate new Counsellors, and Annually put off of the old, and the other 11 Counsellors remain without Change.

The Magistrates are elected by the whole Burgesses out of a Leet of 9 Persons for the Baillies, given by the 3 Baillies, of which Number they are always 3; and out of a Leet of 3 Persons for the Treasurer, given by himself, and of which Number he is always One.

XVI. DUMFRIES.

Council consists of a Provost, 3 Baillies, Dean, Treasurer, 12 Merchant Counsellors, and 7 Deacons Trades Counsellors; in all 25. Elected thus:

Four new Merchant Counsellors are chosen by the Magistrates and Old Council; 8 Merchant Counsellors continue without Election; 7 Deacons Trades Counsellors are elected by the Trades without Leets. The 6 Magistrates are elected as under, out of Leets of the Old and New Merchant Council of 22; and at the Conclusion of the whole Election, 4 of the old Merchant Counsellors are voted off by a Council of the 6 new Magistrates, 4 new Merchant Counsellors, and 7 Deacons; in all 17.

The whole Old Council of 25, the new Merchant Counsellors, and Tradesmen added to the Deacons, in all 33, make Leets of the Members of the Old and New Merchant Council for Magistrates; and out of those Leets the 33 elect the 6 Magistrates.

Only of the 18 Merchants, including Magistrates in Council, are Annually changed, and 14 Merchants must remain; but the Magistrates cannot continue in the same Office without Intermission above Two Years.

The 7 Deacons either may or may not be re-elected.

Certain Relations, such as Father and Son, Brethren, &c. cannot be on the Magistracy at the same Time under a Penalty of £. 1,000 Scots, and several similar Regulations, enacted by Acts of the Town Council, are read at every Election.

Vol.48. 11 R XVII. INVERNESS.

982

17° yunii

A. 1793:

XVII. INVERNESS.

First Sett by Committee of Convention 1676 Orders, that the Council shall consist of 21, conform to the Sett made by the Town Council in 1648; and on Account of the Complaint of the Continuance of the Council many Years before, enacts, that 5 new Counsellors shall be chosen every Year, and that the Council shall choose Magistrates out of their own Number. The Provost not to continue above 3 Years, nor the other Magistrates above 2 Years without Intermission, without Prejudice to their being re-chosen after being One Year out of those Offices.

Explained by a Committee of Convention, upon a Submission, in 1709.

Altered by Act of Council, Approved by Convention, in 1722; against which Alteration and Approbation the Commissioner from Dundee protested; to which the Commissioner for Inverness answered, that their Sett was neither according to their Charter nor Act of Parliament, but was given them by, and is alterable by Convention.

The Mode of Election appears to be this:

The Provost, Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, continue Counsellors for the Year after they go out of Office, and cannot be any of the Five Merchant Counsellors turned off.

The Town Council choose 5 new Merchant Counsellors, and remove 5 of the old; so that 13 Merchant Counsellors continue without Election.

The 6 incorporated Trades shall choose each one Deacon, and those Deacons shall elect a Convener, who is ex Officio a Counsellor; out of the remaining Deacons the Town Council shall elect 2 Trades Counsellors; in all 21.

The 5 old Merchant Counsellors being removed, the Council, out of their own Number, shall choose the

Magistrates.

Report respecting the Royal Burghs of Scotland.

XVIII. BRUNTISLAND.

Produced Submission, dated 22d and 29th February 1728, between Guildry and Convener of the Trades, whose Subscription by Act of Council is declared as good as if both Parties had subscribed, and they particularly submit with Power to annul a Decreet of Declarator ito Favour of the Trades and Decreet Arbitral thereon.

Decreed 1st. That the Council shall consist of 14 Merchants, actual Traffickers, Burgesses, (residing and bearing Scotland Lot) and of 7 Tradesmen, Burgesses, Freemen, bearing Scotland Lot; in all 21, elected thus:

The Old Council shall choose the New Council, and the New Council shall choose 3 Baillies out of the Merchant Council, who cannot continue above 2 Years in that Office. Counsellors shall ndt' continue longer than 3 Years, till 1 Year out of Council; and that after the Election Anno 1729, 3 Guild Councellors at least shall be changed every Year, and that the Sett, except so fer as altered by the Decreet, shall remain in full Force.

XIX. INVERKEITHING.

Produced 1st. Sett, as in Books of Convention 1709.

2. Decreet of the Convention, admitting Deacons to Council, 7th July 1742.

By 1st. Sett. — Council consists of at least 15, without Distinction of Merchants and Trades, viz*, a Provost, 2 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, and 10 or more Burgesses, Inhabitants. Elected thus:

The Magistrates and Council when any of the Old Council are desirous of an Ease, and have demitted their Offices, shall choose others in their Room. The Magistrates are elected by the Council out of Leets of themselves.

By Act Convention 1742, a Petition of the Deacons and Dean of Guild to the Convention, praying, that the 5 Deacons might be Counsellors ex officio, was approved by the Convention, provided the Deacons should have no Convener, and that the Gild Counsellors should exceed the Number of Deacons, and that the Deacons hereafter to be elected shall be elected conformable to the Sett of the Burgh of Culross; which Sett says nothing about their Election. By this it appears that 5 Deacons are added to the former Number, so that the Council is 20. There is no Provision for any Change of 15 of the Council, except by Death or Resignation.

XX.. KINGHORN.

1st Act of Council, making Sett 1710.

2d Act of Council in 1744, recited in an Approbation thereof by Convention in 1769, allowing another Person to be added to the Leet for Provost.

Council consists of 17 Merchants, Sailors, and Brewers, and 5 Deacons, in all 22; the Provost and 2 Baillies being chosen out of the 17. Elected thus:

Six New Counsellors are elected each Year by the Counsel and Deacons, in Place of 6 that go off, and the other 11 of the Merchant Counsel remain without Election. The 5 Deacons are supposed to be chosen by the Trades; but the Sett says nothing respecting their Election.

The Provost and 2 Baillies are chosen (the Baillies out of a Leet of 2 Persons given by themselves, and 2 added by the Counsel; The Provost out of a Leet of 2 given by the Baillies, and 1 added by the Council)

by

33 Geo. III. 1 TJunii.983

by the Whole Old and New Council and Deacons. Baillies not to continue more than 2 Years in that Office, Report r«-

and no Leet for Deacons. specting the

Royal Burgbi of Scotland.

XXI. BRECHIN.

The Council consists of U Merchants and Two Tradesmen residing in the Burgh, in all 13, of whom 7 are a Quorum. Elected thus:

The Old Council always choose the Whole of the New Council, and there is no Restriction against their re-electing themselves.

The Provost, One Baillie, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, are elected by the New Council and Six Deacons, out of a Leet from the 11 Merchant CounsdktrB (made by the Old and New Council) of Two for Provost and Four for Baillies. Lord Panmure, in virtue of a Contract, not produced, in 1630, names the other Baillie out of the Leet of made by the Council.

Deacons not Counsellors ex Officio, and no Leets appear for them.

XXII. IRVINE.

Council consists of 15 Merchants, in which are included Provost, 2 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, and 2 Trades Counsellors; in all 17. Elected thus:

The Old Council elect the 2 new Merchant Counsellors and Two Trades Counsellors, whom they must change every Year; the Remainder of the Council, viz*. 13, may or may not be re-elected, at the Discretion of the Council.

The Council elects the Magistrates out of Leets of their own Number made by themselves, but the Provost and Baillies cannot continue in that Office above 2 Years.

Deacons not Members ex Officio^ and no Leets as to them.

XXIII. KIRCUH B RIG HT — Recorded, 1707, in Books Convention, appears to depend on

Usage, as set forth in Petition, with some Alterations on Overtures approved by Act of Council.

Council consists of the Provost, 2 Baillies, Treasurer, and Thirteen Counsellors; in all 17. Elected thus:

Two or 3 new Counsellors are elected Yearly by the Magistrates and Council, in Place of the same Number they put off; the other 1 o or 11 Counsellors remain without Change.

The Magistrates are elected by the New Council along with One Person named by the Community to represent them, who has a Vote in the Election of Magistrates only, but not of the New Council, and that besides the Ordinary Town Council of 17 > but the said Representative for the Community is no further a Member of the Town Council, and has no Vote but simply in the said Election.

Nothing said about Deacons. By the first Overture it is declared, that the Constitution shall continue unalterable, except in so far as it may be innovate by any of the Overtures following.

XXIV. IVIGTO N. — Certificate by the Council in 1709, that the Sett for 15 Years by past and

upwards has been.

Council consists of a Provost and 2 Baillies, who do not continue in that Office more than 2 Years, 15 Counsellors, one of whom Treasurer, and the Town Clerk, in all 19. Elected thus:

The Council Annually put off 3 Counsellors, and elect the same Number; the other Thirteen Counsellors may remain in Office without Change. The Sett does not say any Thing respecting the Election of the 3 Magistrates.

XXV. PITTENWEEM. — Sett said to have been punctually observed since the' Erection of the Burgh.

The Council consists of Baillies, a Treasurer, and 19 Counsellors; in all 24. Elected thus:

The Old Council elect the Baillies out of a Leet of 12, of which the Old Baillies and Old Treasurer must be in the Number leeted; the Treasurer out of a Leet of Three, and the 19 other Members of the New Council without any Leet or Provision against re-electing themselves.

XXVI. DUMFERMLINE. — Act of the Convention making the Sett, dated Dumfermline, 13th July 1718, not produced but recited in Deereet 1724, produced.

By the Sett 1718, the Council consisted of a Provost, 2 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, and Four Counsellors, all Merchants, and 7 Trades Counsellors. Elected thus:

The Old Council to choose the New, and these Two the Officers.

Act of the Convention, 13th July 1724, alters the above Sett made by the Convention in 1718, upon and as recited in a Petition of John Wilson, Weaver, for himself and in Name of a Number of Burgesses. The Committee find no Rule of Election, except the Decreet Arbitral 1718, which was a very indistinct Rule, and that it was in the Power of Merchants and Trades to re-elect themselves to the Day of their Death without any Change.

Vol. 48. The

17°

unit.

A. 1793.

heportre- The Decreet Arbitral 1724 enacted, that in all'succeeding Elections the Magistrates and ordinary Council spec ting the shall consist, in Place of 16, of 22 Persons, as follows:

of Scotland. New Provost, 2 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, Old Provost, 2 Old Baillies, Old Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, and 2 Merchant Counsellors, being 12 Merchants, and 2 Trades Counsellors, and 8 Deacons; in all 22. Elected thus:

Eight Deacons to be elected out of a Leet of for each of the 8 Trades, shortened by the Council to 2, and One of these Two elected by the Tradesmen of each Trade; 2 Merchant and 2 Trades Counsellors to be elected by the ordinary Council.

A Provost and Old Provost elected by the ordinary Council, and Extra Counsellors, viz*. 2 Merchants and 2 Trades, joined to the ordinary Council for the Purpose of Election only, and named by it Annually.

Two Old and Two New Baillies, One New and One Old Dean of Guild, and One New and One Old Treasurer, elected by the Ordinary and Extraordinary Council of 26, out of the Number of Merchants in the Council. No Restriction against the Re-election of the Provost and Old Provost. No Baillie to continue above Two Years, nor in Council more than One Year thereafter as Old Baillie, unless he be elected Dean of Guild or Provost; that the Dean of Guild shall not continue more than Two Years, nor in the Council more than One Year more as Old Dean of Guild, unless he be elected a Baillie or Provost; that no Treasurer shall continue more than Two Years, or in the Council as Old Treasurer more than One Year thereafter, unless his Accounts are stated, and no Balance due, and he be elected a Baillie or Dean of Guild; that no Tradesman shall continue as Trades Counsellor more than Three Years, or as Deacon more than Two, till he be One Year out of Office; that no Merchant shall be on the ordinary Council without an Office more than Two Years.

XXVII. DUMBARTON.

The Council consists of 10 Merchants, including Provost, 2 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, and 5 Tradesmen; in all 15. Elected thus:

The Old Council choose the 5 Merchant and 5 Trades Counsellors; and the Old Provost, 2 Old Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, in all 5, continue in virtue of their Offices Counsellors for the Year ensuing.

This New Counsel so chosen, with the Deacons of Crafts in Number 5, proceed to the leering and electing the Provost, Eldest Baillie, Youngest Baillie, Dean of Guild, Treasurer, and other Officers, out of the Council; and the new Treasurer, if he be not a Member of the New Council, is Supernumerary to the 15.

There is no Restriction against the Re-election of either Magistrates or Counsellors.

XXVIII. RENFREW.

Council consists of 19, including a Provost and 2 Baillies. Elected thus: >

The Old Council elect the New Council thus:

The Provost makes each Counsellor in his Turn retire, and in his Absence it is put to the Vote whether the Person absent shall be continued a Counsellor for the Year ensuing or not; then in case of the Removal or Death of any Counsellor, each Counsellor present names a Burgess, and the Council is made up to 19 out of those Burgesses having the greatest Number of votes.

The New Council elect the Provost and Baillies out of Leets made by the Council; but the Provost must have been 2 Years a Counsellor before his Election; and the Provost and Baillies are continued Counsellors for 2 Years after the Expiry of their Offices, but no longer, unless re-elected.

There is no Restriction against the Re-election of the whole Council by themselves, without Limitation of Time, or Change of Persons, the Vote put being " Continue the former Counsellor or not."

XXIX. DUNBAR.

Council consists of a Provost, 3 Baillies, and Treasurer, and 15 Counsellors; in all 20. Elected thus:

The Magistrates and Old Council, out of a Leet made by themselves of 8, chuse New Counsellors, and the Old and New Council choose the 5 Magistrates out of Leets made by themselves, and then the old and new Magistrates and Treasurer put off such of the old Counsellors as they think proper.

There is no Provision for any Change in the Council, except the Annually put off; so the Majority of the Council must continue without Election; and no Restriction against Re-election of Magistrates.

XXX. LANER K. — 29 June 1710, the Act of Council states;

" We, according to our ancient Custom, as gathered from our ancient Records, and according to our present " Use, make up our Sett as follows: "

Council consists of 17 Persons, without Distinction of Merchants and Trades, including the Magistrates, of whom the Deacon Convener is always One. Elected thus:

The Old Council choose the New without any Provision against re-electing themselves. The Council, with the Deacons of Trades, choose the Baillies and Treasurer out of Leets of die 17 Counsellors made by the Council; the Provost is One of the 17 chosen by the New Council.

There is no Provision against the Re-election of the same Magistrates and Counsellors.

XXXI. ARBROATH.

33 Geo. III. W JuniL985

XXXI. ARBROATH.

respecting

1st Sett. Council consists of dt least i 7, and ilot above 19, including the Magistrates. Elected Bur^hfof thus: ... ... Scotland.

A Convener elected by the Deacons of Trades, Counsellor ex Officio, and in the Election of Magistrates haS Two Votes. The Old Council choose the New, consisting of 16 or 18; in all ip.

The Earl Panmure chooses the First Baillie out of a Leet of 2 Persons for Provosts, and Persons for Baillies, made by the New Council; then the Incorporations, whose Number is not mentioned, elect Delegates, who, with the Council, elect another Baillie, and the Provost, out of the said Leet.

2d Sett. The Provost and Town Clerk certify, that the Articles of the Sett as to the Nomination of the First Baillie by the Earl of Panmure, is fallen into Disuse, never having been exercised since the Year 1715-

That both the Baillies are elected out of the Council by the Council, the Trades, and the Fraternities of Seamen, Maltmen, and Land Labourers, each of whom have One Vote in the Election; and the Dean Of Guild is a Counsellor ex Officio, buttit is not said how he is elected.

The Baillies can only be re-elected 2 Years, and the Provost 3 Years, without Intermission; but there is no Restriction against the Re-election of any or all of the Counsellors.

XXXII. ELG I Ni — Made by a Committee of Convention as Arbiters, in i 705, hnd ratified by the Convention, 8 July 1706.

Council consists of 14 Merchants and 3 Tradesmen, in all 17, including a Provost, 4 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer. Elected thus:

The Old Council choose the New Council, and the Old and New Council choose the Magistrates out of their own Number; 3 Merchants and Two Deacons Trades Counsellors are chosen Yearly by the Council, irt the Room of the same Number put off; 7 Magistrates continue Counsellors after the Expiry of their Offices. The Convener is a Counsellor ex Officio; but it does not appear how he is elected.

The Council are obliged to put off 3 Merchants and 2 Tradesmen Yearly; but there is no Restriction against the Re-election of the other Counsellors, only the Baillies cannot be continued in their Offices above 2 Years; nor the Provost in his Office above 3 Years, without Intermission.

XXXIII. PEEBLES.

Council consists of a Provost, 2 Baillies, Dean of Guild, Treasurer, 11 Counsellors, and One Deacon; in all

17. Elected thus:

The Old Council choose the New, at a Head Court of the whole Burgesses, who are asked if they have any Complaint against any of them; and if any is made, it is then heard and discussed. Then the whole Magistrates and Council, having first supplied any Vacancies occasioned by Death, elect the New Council, and the Officers or Magistrates, out of Leets of 3 Persons for each, made by themselves, and without any Restriction against Re-election of either Counsellors or Magistrates. The Deacon, who is a Counsellor ex Officio, is elected out of a Leet of Six Persons made by the Trade, which is shortened to 3 by the Magistrates, of which 3 the Trade must elect One.

XXXIV. T A IN. — Appears to have been framed in 1708, in consequence of a Recommendation from Convention by a Committee of Convention and the Town Council. In 1730, the Convention allowed the Burgh to elect a 3d Baillie.

The Council consists of 15, including a Provost, 2 or 3 Baillies, a Treasurer, and Dean of Guild. Elected thus:

The Old Council choose the New Council, and out of the New Council elect the Magistrates. The Provost may be re-elected to his Office 3 Years, the Baillies 2 Years, without Intermission. There is no Restriction against the Re-election of the Old Counsellors into the New Council, except that Four Persons must be changed Yearly.

XXXV. CRA ILL. — 9th June 1711. The Council declare, that because heretofore there hath been no formal Sett, they find it just and reasonable that the Sett underwritten shall be punctually observed.

Council consists of 3 Bailies, a Treasurer, 11 Merchant and 6 Trades Counsellers; in all 21. Elected thus:

The Old Council choose Two Merchants and One Tradesman as New Counsellors. The 14 other Counsellors remain without Election, and the Magistrates are elected by the Old and New Council, and 7 Deacons of Trades.

No Provision as to changing any of the Council, except the Three above-mentioned; and the others may remain without Change, or be re-elected.

XXXVI. BANFF. — Dated 1709, and altered from former Sett in 1704, by the Authority of Town Council and Inhabitants, at a Head Court, because it changed the haill Council except and the haill Magistracy.

The Number of the Council is 17, without Distinction of Trades and Merchants, except the Deacon Convener and his Assessor Tradesmen, Elected thus:

Vo l. 48. n S Eight

986 17° Junii. A. 1793.

Eight Persons of the Old Council are chosen by the Old Council into the New; 8 New Counsellors are chosen by the Old Council; and the Deacon Conveener is chosen by the Trades; in all 17.

Out of which the Provost, 4 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, are chosen by the Old and New Council and Deacon Conveener.

The Magistrates may be re-elected into the same Office for 3 Years. There is no Limitation of the Time for which Eight of the Counsellors may be re-elected.

XXXVII. FORFAR.

26 June 1710, The Council agreed, That the Sett following should be the Sett in all Time

coming.

The Council consists of a Provost, 2 Baillies, a Treasurer, 11 Merchant Counsellors, and Deacons; in all t 9. Elected thus:

The Old Council makes a Leet of 8 Persons for the Magistracy, and choose 15 New Counsellors, but who are not Yearly Counsellors; and these 15, with the Deacons elected by the Trades, along with the Old Magistrates and Council, elect the Provost, Baillies, and Treasurer for the ensuing Year, out of the Leets made by the Old Council; thereafter the New Council of 11 are elected by the Old Council.

The Magistrates may continue 2 or 3 Years. There is no Restriction against the Re-election of 11 of the Counsellors.

XXXVIII. ROTHS AY.

Council consists of a Provost, 2 Baillies, Treasurer, and Counsellors, Number not mentioned. Elected thus t

The Old Magistrates and Old Council choose of the Old Council, and One of the Old Magistrates, who choose the whole Council for the ensuing Year. The Old and New Council choose the Magistrates out of Leets.

No Limitation as to the Time of Re-election. The Officer warns the haill New Council, and does not warn if any be set off.

XXXIX. FO.

Council Consists of 17, including Provost, Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer. Elected thus:

Notice is given by Tuck (Beat) of Drum, to the whole Burgesses, Heritors, and Inhabitants, placading on the Cross, and other usual Advertisements. Then the Old Council chooses the New, and are changed Yearly as Occasion offers; the New Council chooses the Magistrates, and puts off or takes on, or continues them, as thd Circumstance of the Place requires.

It is certified in 1711, that the Sett has been unaltered for many Years.

No Provision against the Re-election of the same Counsellors or Magistrates.

XL. RUTHERGLEN.

It appears that the Magistrates, with the Consent of the Inhabitants, in 1671, because of Divisions on Account of the Practice of the Provost and Baillies, to elect and continue a Council by themselves, altered the Sett, and this Sett was altered again in 1710.

By the New Sett in 1671, the Council was to consist of 15 Counsellors, besides a Provost and Two Baillies, in all. Elected thus:

The Trades of Smiths, Weavers, and Taylors, give in a List of 6 each, in all 18, out of which the Provost and 2 Baillies shall choose Three Counsellors out of each; in all 9.

The 4th Trade of Taylors shall give a List of Persons, out of which the Provost and 2 Baillies shall choose Two Counsellors; and the remanent Burgesses and Inhabitants of the said Burgh and Territory, bearing Scotland Lot, shall give in a Leet of 8 Persons, out of which the said Provost and 2 Baillies shall choose Counsellors.

The Old Provost and Common Council, with 30 other additional Persons to be chosen by them, shall choose the Provost and 2 Baillies.

The Provost and Baillies must be changed Yearly, and cannot be continued; but there is no Limitation of Re-election of the other Counsellors. The Act of the Council, 1710, enacts that no Person shall be Provost who has not been One Year a Baillie; a Baillie who has not been One Year a Treasurer; or a Treasurer, or any of the other Magistrates, unless he be an ordinary Burgess, having his Residence therein, and 13 Scots of

Land belonging thereto, during his Office.

XLI. NORTH BERWICK.

The Sett says, the ancient Constitution preserved inviolable according to the Charter. The Charter, as returned, contains no Constitution nor Clause of Election.

The Council consists of 12. Elected thus:

The Old Council elect 2 New Counsellors for the next Year, and these 2, with (he Old Council, in all 14, elect 2 Baillies and a Treasurer, out of Leets of the Old Council made by themselves; thereafter the 14> or a* least a Quorum of 5 of the 14, reduce the remaining Counsellors by striking off 2 to 7, making the total Number 12.

No

33 Geo. III. 17° Junii.

No Limitation as to toe Time either Counsellors or Officers may continue in Council, only Two of toe Council must be changed Yearly.

XLII. CUL:

The Council consists of 3 Baillies, a Dean of Guild, a Treasurer, and 21 Counsellors; in all 26. Elected thus:

Each of the Old Council leets 2 Persons, and the whole Council chooses One of those 2 to be on the New Council till the Number be full; each of the 3 Baillies makes a List of Persons, out of which the 12 Baillies, Dean of Guild, Treasurer, and Council Old and New, choose 6, out of which 6 the 3 Magistrates are elected. Then the Dean of Guild and Treasurer make each Leets of Two; out of the First Leet the Dean of Guild is chosen, and out of the 2d Leet the Treasurer is chosen, by the whole Magistrates and Council.

There is no Limitation of Restriction against a Counsellor leering himself with another, or against his being re-elected as a new. Counsellor.

Nor is there any Restriction against the former Magistrates and Office Bearers being leeted and re-elected by the Council.

XLIII. LA UD ER. — Certified to the House of Commons, in 1788.

The Council consists of 15 Counsellors and Two Baillies, without Distinction of Merchants and Tradesmen; in all 17. Elected thus:

The whole Old Counsel make Choice of New Counsellors, then the Old Council, with those 4, making 21, make a Leet of any Counsellors with the 2 then Baillies, and those 6 being removed, the remaining 15 out of that Leet choose 2 Baillies; then each of these Baillies strikes out 2 from the List of the Old Council,' leaving of the Old Council 13, if the Baillies are re-elected, and if not, 11.

There is no Limitation against the Re-election of Baillies and Counsellors, only Four of the Counsel of the preceding Year must be changed, but there is no Restriction against changing the Four New Counsellors of the preceding Year, leaving the others as before.

XLIV. KILRE.

The Council consists of 3 Baillies, Treasurer, and 11 Burgesses, without Distinction of Merchants and Tradesmen; in all 15. Elected thus:

The Old Council elect the New Council; then the Baillies make out a Leet of Nine, of which they are always 3, and the Treasurer makes a Leet of 3 Persons, of which he is always One, and out of these Leets the Three Baillies and Treasurer of the ensuing Year are elected by the Votes of the Old Baillies, Council, and whole qualified Burgesses.

There is no Restriction against the Old Council re-electing themselves, that is 11 out of 15.

In the same Manner the Baillies and Treasurer may be re-elected out of Leets, but not by the Council alone, but by the Council and qualified Burgesses, so that Four may be changed Yearly.

XLV. ANNAN

23d June 1712. . The Magistrates and Council declare and ordain, that the following hath been, now is, and shall be the Sett of our Burgh in Time coming.

The Council consists of a Provost; Three Baillies, a Treasurer, a Dean, and 13 Counsellors, without Distinction of Merchants and Trades; in all 19. — The Mode of Election is not mentioned.

XLVI. SANQUHAR.

The Return states, that the Burgh had no Sett, and that in July 1713, the Convention'remitted to the Commissioners for Dumfries, Kirckudbright, Annan, and Lochmaben, to make a Sett for the Burgh, and report. The Sett they made, after considering* the Charters, is,

The Council to consist of a Provost, 3 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, with 11 Counsellors, Heritors, Merchants, and Tradesmen, Burgesses Residenters; in all 17. Elected thus:

The Old Council shall choose toe New; that none of toe Old Council shall continue longer than One Year,1 unless they be chosen again; and that Four at least shall be Annually changed. There is no Restriction against the Re-election of the remaining 13 Counsellors.

XLVII. NE1V GALLOWAY.

Is not dated. Returned to the House of Commons in 1788.

Recites, That by the Charter, 16th January 1629, Power is given to the Inhabitants of the Burgh, and Council and Community of the same for the Time, to elect Magistrates, and Counsellors, and Commissioners to Parliament, with Power to Provost, Baillies, and their Successors, to make and constitute Laws, Acts, and Statutes, for the Government of the Burgh.

That by immemorial Custom, the Council consists of a Provost, Two Bailies, a Dean of Guild, Treasurer, and 15 Counsellors, without any Distinction of Tradesmen and Merchants; in all 20. Elected thus:

The Provost names 3. and each of the Baillies One Counsellor; these 5 name One each, and these 2d 5 name One each; in all 15. The Counsellors then choose a Provost and 2 BaiHies, different from any elected into the Council. There is nothing said of the Election of Treasurer and Dean of Guild.

Vol. 48. There

Report respecting the Royal Burghs of Scotland.

988 WJunil A. 1793.

Report There is ho Limitation of the Re-election of any of the Persons in the Council, except that the Provost and

respecting Baillies cannot be chosen out of any elected into the Council.

Bur^hsol Differs materially from the Sett in the Books of Convention, where the Number of the Magistrates and Scotland. Council appears only to be 15 instead of 20.

XLVIII. QUEENSFERRY. Decree by Convention, 17th July 1710*

The Council consists of 18 Counsellors, and 2 or 3 Deacons; in all 20 or 21, including Magistrates, whose Names are not mentioned, f- Seamen, -f Landsmen.

The Election is nearly unintelligible. — The ancient Custom is declared inviolably to be observed as to the Number of Electors; viz'. — The 18 Old Counsellors, and 14 Burgesses, Two or Three of the Deacons being of that Number, and those choose the Magistrates and Council, 2 or 3 Deacons beings always of the Council.

It does not appear how the Burgesses are chosen, for though there is a Poll at the Election 1710, yet in all Time thereafter it is declared that the Election shall be according to former old Custom, not explained.

In case of the Absence of any of the Council or warned Burgesses, Electors, the Magistrates and Council shall fill up the Vacancies, -f- Seamen, and Landsmen; and if not so many Seamen, Landmen to be allowed to supply their Places.

XLIX. K INTO RE.

The Council consists of 9, with the Magistrates, whose Names or Number is not mentioned. Elected thus:

The Old Council, consisting of Nine, with the Magistrates, choose new Magistrates, and then the Old Council, with the New Magistrates, choose the New Council.

There is no Restriction as to Re-election of the same Persons.

L. INVERURY.

The Sett, as delivered to Convention in 1710, is exactly the same with Kintore, without specifying the Magistrates. — But by a Sett, certified the ist of October 1788, to have been observed for 40 Years past, the Number of Magistrates is mentioned, being a Provost, 3 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, and 3 Counsellors; in all 9; all being Inhabitants, except that One or Two some Years may live some Distance, but must be Burgesses.

The Mode of Election is not specified by the new Sett, only the Magistrates order the Town Officer to advertize the Day of Election to the whole Citizens, that every Person concerned may appear at Court. In neither Sett is there any Restriction against Re-election.

LI. INVERBER

Certified, 1709, to have been and now to be the Custom.

The Council consists of a Provost, 2 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, and 9 Counsellors; in afll >5- -

The Old Council choose the 6 Magistrates, and the remaining 9 Counsellors. No Restriction as to Re-election.

LII. STRANRAER.

1711. The Council declare the following to have been the accustomed Sett

The Council consists of a Provost, 2 Baillies, and 15 Counsellors, including Dean of Guild and Treasurer; in all 18. Elected thus:

The Provost and 2 Baillies, or Two of them, divide the 15 Counsellors into Three Lists of 5 each, those 5 are removed per Vices, and the Remainder vote whether all or any of them shall be continued for the next Year; and if all or any are not continued, a like Number of Burgesses is immediately elected to make up the Number of 15 Counsellors. Then the Magistrates make a Leet of Three for the Provost, and Four of the Council for Baillies, out of which the Council elect the Provost and Baillies.

Then they elect which of the Counsellors they please the Dean of Guild and Treasurer.

The Provost is only continued Two Years.

There is no Restriction against the Continuance of the Council, the Vote being whether all or any of them shall be continued Counsellors or not.

LIII. WHITHORN.

The Council consists of a Provost, 2 Baillies, and 15 Counsellors; in all 18. Elected thus:

The Council changes Three of their Number every Year, and elect Three others in their Place; the other 15 Counsellors may be continued without Change.

Out of these 18 the whole New Council choose the Magistrates, who cannot continue in that Office above 2 Years.

There

33 Geo. III.

17® Junii.

989

There is no Restriction against the Re-election of Counsellors by themselves, except that 3 Persons must go out Report re-Yearly. specting the

No Distinction of Trades and Merchants: New Council does not mean new Counsellors, for 15 of the Old may be re-elected.

LIV. DINGWALL:

Appears to have been established in 1710. An Act and Sett of the Magistrates and Council concerted with the neighbouring Burrowes by Appointment of Convention is approved of by an Act of Council of that Date.

The Council consists of 15, including the Provost, 2 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, without Distinction of Trades and Merchants. Elected thus:

The Old Council choose the New Council of Resident Merchants, Tradesmen, or Heritors, and from this New Council the Old Council choose, out of Leets, the Provost, Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, without being restricted to have the Old Magistrates on the Leets. The Baillies may be continued Five Years, the other Magistrates only Three Years, and shall be Counsellors the Year after the Expiry of their Offices. It is declared that no Person shall be a Magistrate till he has been Two Years a Counsellor, and that Two at least of the Council be changed every Year.

It appears that the Words New Council does not mean different Persons from the Old Counsellors, for only Two Counsellors must necessarily be changed every Year.

LY. SELKIRK:

No Date to the written Sett produced to the House of Commons.

.The CoundLconsi, sts of 33; viz. Two Baillies, One Dean of Guild, and One Treasurer, Two Old Baillies, Old Dean of Guild, and Old Treasurer, Five Deacons of Trades, and Five Colleagues, 10 Merchant Counsellors, and Five Trades Counsellors; in all«33. Elected thus:

The Old Magistrates are continued in Council without Election the Year after going out of Office; the Trades elect their 5 Deacons out of Leets shortened by Council, and 5 Colleagues apparently without Leets. The whole Council, with the New Deacons, elect the Magistrates. The whole Council elect 5 Trades Counsellors, and as many Merchant Counsellors as make the Number of the Council 33.

There is no Restriction as to Re-election. — This Sett differs entirely from the Sett sent the Convention in 1709, also produced, fry which it is said the whole Council and Magistrates were continued, and not chosen Yearly.

LVI. CULROSS:

Appears to have been framed by Act of Convention 1658. Council consists of 6 Trafficking Merchants, and 6 Seafaring Men or Inland Traders, 7 Trades Counsellors, of whom 5 are Deacons; in all 19. All of them chosen by the Old Council.

The 7 Deacons vote in the Election of Magistrates, but the Trades Counsellors cannot be both Trades Baillie and Deacon the same Year.

The Moderator of the Town Council to have Two Votes; it is not said by whom he is appointed.

No Limitation whatever of Re-election.

LVII. WICK:

Date of the Usage not mentioned. Burgh erected in 1589.

The Council, to consist of 10, including a Provost and Two Baillies,

By the Charter the Magistrates were to be chosen by the Advice of the Earl of Caithness, so that the constant Sett was to allow the Earl to be Provost and to choose one of the Baillies, and the Provost and Baillies to nominate 7 Counsellors; but now the Earl of Caithness not concerning himself with the Provostrie, the Town has been in use to chose their Provost and Baillies by the Plurality of the Poll, and the Provost and Baillies to nominate 7 Counsellors, with a Dean of Guild and Treasurer; in all 12.

LVIII. FORT ROSE:

Appears to have been made by the Magistrates in 1711, for regulating their Elections in Time coming.

Council consists of 15, including Provost, 3 Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer, without Distinction ot Merchants and Trades. Elected thus:

The whole Council elect the whole New Council without any Restriction, except that they must change at least Two of the Old Counsellors,' and elect Two New Counsellors in their Place.

The New Council to elect Magistrates from among themselves, who shall not continue more than 3 years. From-'' this it appears that New Council does not mean New Counsellors.

Vol. 48. 11 T LIX.

A. IT9S.

Report respecting the Royal Burghs -of Scotland,

ir Junii.

LIX. CAMPBELTON:

No Sett returned by Magistrates, but the Clause of Election in the Charter is in Appendix (A.) The Sett in the Books of Convention produced, directs that the Council shall consist of 17, including a Provost, Two Baillies, Dean of Guild, and Treasurer. Elected thus:

The Magistrates and Counsel elect new Counsellors in Place of of the old that are turned off; the Provost and Baillies are chosen by the Old and New Counsel out of Leets given by the Duke of Argylle. The Magistrates may be continued Two Years in Office, and the Baillies are Counsellors the Year after the Expiry of their Office; the Provost is a Counsellor for life. There is no other Restriction against Re-election but that Counsellors go off Yearly.

This Sett is not returned, but a Letter written by the Earl of Argylle, 1st June, 1700, appointing the Magistrates, and informing them, "We shall give you Instructions by the next to choyse your Commissioners " for the current Parliament."

LX. KIRKWALL:

Made by Act of Council for a particular Election, Year 1712, and to be in all Time thereafter as follows:

The Council shall consist of a Provost, Dean of Guild, 4 Baillies and Treasurer, and i6 Counsellors, of whom Deacons of Trades; in all 23. Elected thus:

The Council make a Leet of 2 of the Council, with foe present Provost, and of foe Council, with foe present Baillies, out of which the present Magistrates are elected by the Burgesses and Trades; each Burgess to have One Vote, and each Trade to have Two Votes by their Deacon or eldest Craftsman.

The Provost continues Two, and foe Baillies One Year, but both may be continued longer, if re-elected; then the Provost and Baillies so elected choose a Dean of Guild and Treasurer; then foe Provost and Baillies, Dean of Guild and Treasurer, choose foe New Council, but the Magistrates changed continue Counsellors. The Magistrates and Council, out of a Leet of Two, with foe old Deacon given in by each Craft, elect their respective Deacons.

No Limitation of Re-election of any Kind. The Provost and Baillies are chosen by foe Burgesses and Trades out of Leets of foe Council made by foe Council; and the Persons so chosen have the substantial Power of choosing foe New Council.

Appendix (D).

TABLE of the Rate of Expence of Collecting Cess on the Sum levied to pay Government, as taken from the Returns in 45 Burghs.

Culross - - - 2-tt per Cent Irvine - - - 12 per Cent.

Peebles - - - 2* Lauder - - - 12

Renfrew - - - 3t Perth - - - 13ft

Inverurie - 3i Dunfermline - 13ft

Edinburgh (a) - 4t Haddington - - 13ft

Stirling - - - 5 Bysart - - - 15

Whitehom - - 5 Kilrenny * - 15ft

Jedburgh - Si Stranraer m 15ft

Queensferry - - 6ft Brechin - - - 20

Lanark - - - 6* Arbroath - 20

Glasgow - - - n Banff (f) - - 20

Montrose (b) - 8 Dunbar - - 20*

Kirkcaldy - 8* Inverbervie - - 23ft

Aberdeen (c) - 9 Kirkcudbright - 25ft

Cullen - - - 9 Nairn - - - 26ft

Elgin - - 9* St. Andrews - 26ft

Dundee (d) - - 9* Dingwall - 2Sft

Inverness (e)- - 9ft Tain - - - 28ft

Dumfries - - - 10 Wigton - - 28ft

Inverkeithing - 10* Burntisland - - 35

Kingdom - - - 10* Cupar - - - 36ft

Linlithgow - - nt Roth say - - - 39

Kirkwall - - - 11ft

(a) The Rate in this Borough is 8f, exclusive of Deficiencies according to the Return, but of foe Salary is paid for collecting a Tax of 1,250/. for foe City Guard, besides what is paid for collecting Taxes for Firemen, &c. foe Amount not specified; and therefore of the Salary, being the least Sum stated, should be carried to the extra Exaction, being for an Action that has no Relation whatever to foe Land Tax.

(b) The Cess is sold by public Roup, and foe Deficiencies fall on foe Purchaser.

(c) The Rate on the whole Sum levied, including foe Extra Exaction and Collector's Salary of 40 /., for which he finds Security to make good foe Deficiencies in foe Collection, not 4 } per Cent, there being only paid to Government about One Half of the Sum actually levied.

(d) For this Salary foe Collector finds Security to answer all Deficiencies in the Collection.

(e) This about 6 J on the whole Sum, including Deficits, and foe extra Exaction.

(f) This is little more than 4f on the whole Sum levied, including the extra Exaction, which is between Three and Four Times the Amount of the Sum paid Government.

(g) About to per Cent, on foe whole Sum levied, including the extra Exaction.

S3 Geo. III.

17° Junii.

991

Appendix (E.)

Report re-

AMOUNT of the Gross Revenues for the Year 1788, as contained in the Returns from the Royal Burghs sprung the

of Scotland.

1. Edinburgh -

8. Perth

3- Aberdeen -

4. Stirling

5- Haddington

6. Montrose -

7- Dumfries -

8. Inverness -

467 15

90 — 10

Voi« 48.

D* Seats of a new Church 9. Bruntisland -

10. Brechin -

11. Kircudbright

12. Dumfermline

13. Dunbar -

14. Lanerk -

15. Aberbrothwick -

16. Elgin -

17. Peebles -

»8. Tain- -

19. Culross -

20. Banff -

21. Whithorn -

22. Forfar -

23. Rothsay -

24. Naim -

25. Forres -

26. North Berwick -

27. Lauder

28. Kilrenny -

29. Annan

30. Sanquhar -

31. Queensferfy

32. Fortrose -

34. Inverury -

35. Glasgow -

36. Inverbervie

37. Rutherglen

38. Kirkcaldy -

39. Dumbarton

40. Renfrew

41. Linlithgow

42. St Andrews

43. Dysaft

44. Kingdom -

45. Wigtown -

46. Campbeltown

47. Stranraer -

48. Irvine

49. Cupar

50. Inverkeithing

51. Dingwall -

52. Cullen

53. Kirkwall -44. Jedburgh -

55. Dundee

56. Anstruther Easter

57. Ayr -

58. Craill

59. New Galloway -

60. Inverary -

61. Wick

64. Selkirk

65. Lochmaben

66. Dornock -

33. Kintore, no Revenue.

62. Pittenweem has made no Return.

63. Anstruther Wester has made no Return.

£. s.

- 13,355 13

- 3, M 19

- 2,849 19

- 1,480 15

559 18 606 10

- 1,224 18 1614

2-M

Royal Burghs of Scotlu^.

J

27a 10 9

94 3 3A

32 15 4A

345 7 *A

40 7 7A

353 18 2-54

66 13 HA

48 1 5A

204 2 7A

26 14 4

85 — 4

4 2 —

205 4 6a

47 2 —

39 17 9

2414

9 12

7,239 13

2

6-rV

7A

34 ~ 11A 188 14 6 284 11 11

357 10 QVr 391 12 11

395 — 8

308 4 — A 117 3 8a 146 8 8 140 5 3 A

152 16 —

114 15 —

554 15 3A 359 10 1iVr 220 12 iT % .

59 3 1

36 10 64 8

309 13

2,820 8

37 8 679 2 133 10 ht3t

- 8 1 10

52 15 —

6 5-

284 ——

87 19 3A 12 7 —

£.44,783 14 6xv

°TT

6

7tt

8t*t

6

6A

Appendix (F.)

17° — 1 9°J

A. 1793

Appendix (F).

EXTRACT of Part of the Commission of King Charles II. 16th June 1684.

Nosq; intelligentes quod in pluribus Regalibus nostris Burgis bonum publicum reditus et patrimonium a Magistratibus pro tempore aut profuse dilapidantur aut privatim decoqtiuntur et plerumq; in fines et usus prorsus alios quam per leges applicari ordinantur aut quam per benignas donationes nostras nostrorumve illus-trissimorum progenitorum destinata et allocata fuere, applicantur; speciatim vero quod Regalia nostra burga, absq; ulla necessitate debita contraxerunt, et postquam donationes et concessiones a nobis nostrisque predeces-soribus ad Debita ilia persolvenda omnino sufficientes obtinuere, et postquam et Civium consensu onera ad dicta debita persolvenda sunt imposita, nihilominus eadem debita majori ex parte in plurimis nostris burgis, insoluta remanent, atque reditus emolumenta et proficua, a publico bono Burgi amplissimis et benignis nostris donationibus, et civium liberis suffragiis, et consensu exsurgentia, magnopere consumuntur et indebite applicantur, unde non solum murmura et querimonias quam plurime in Burgis oriuntur, verum etiam illi qui magis suo lucro et emolumento privato quam Burgi commodo,. munerique et officio Magistratus con-sulunt factiones et divisiones in Burgo movere inducuntur, ut se-ipsos ad officium Magistratus elegi procu-rent, utque ipsi eorumque amici, propinqui et Clientes in dicto officio continuentur, ut inde occasionem habeant bonum publicum reditusque burgi consumendi in praemiis ad amicos suos et Burgi factiones conti* nuandos. Qui vero si stride Rationem reddere cogerentur de bono publico red iti bus et patrimonio burgi, et ut eadem necessarie et utiliter applicata fuere in communibus burgi comodis et negotiis, probare tene-rentur, proque dilapidatis et indebite applicatis, Rationem Reddere cogerentur, eaque Burgo presolvere et rependere decemerentur ac aliter pro prava sua Administratione prout requiru'nt Leges Regni Mulctarentur et punirentur praedicta ilia Mala maximopere prevenirentur et Mederentur; atque inde Murmura, queremoniae, et contentiones pro officio Magistratus restringentur et Sedarentur, atque mercatores, opitices, aliique cives dictorum Burgorum diligentur et quiete artes et vocationes suas prosequerentur et burga nostra bene et pacifice Gubernarentur, &c.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That this House will, early in the next Session of Parliament, take into Consideration the State of the Royal Burghs in Scotland;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 19* die Junii; Anno 33* Georgii III. U Regis, 1793.

P n a v e r s.

THE Earl of Courtawn reported to the House, that their Addresses of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatsell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and also such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be incurred, on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and also, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences

attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed, by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

The Earl of Courtawn also reported to the House, Answer* to that their Address of Monday last (representing to Addresses. His Majesty, that this House, having taken into Consideration a Method of making the Approach to both Houses of Parliament, and to the Courts of Justice in Westminster Hall, more commodious, by taking down the Building at the End of the Court of Exchequer, or such Part thereof as shall be found necessary, which at present encroaches on the Street between New Palace Yard and Saint Margaret Street, and renders the Passage there very inconvenient and unsafe, as well for Carriages as for Foot Passengers, and also by. taking down certain old Buildings and Walls near or adjoining thereto, and removing the Records there deposited to some other convenient Place or Places for the safe Custody and Use thereof, humbly request that His Majesty will be graciously pleased to give the necessary Directions for carrying the said Plan into Execution; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good any Expence attending the same) bad been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He vyill give Directions as desired by the said Address.

The Earl of Courtawn also reported to the House, that their. Addresses of Monday.last (to beseech His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to rive Directions, that a Monument be erected in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, in the City of,

to the Memory of George Lord Rodney, Vice Admiral -of England, with an Inscription expressive of the Public Sense of the Merits of his gallant and important

Services,

Answer to Address.

House to adjourn to Friday.

The Lords have agreed to.

Penistone Bridge, &c. Roads Bill.

St. George's Road Street, Ac. Bill.#

Hollyra and Withernsea Inclosure Bill, with Amendments*

3S:Geo. III. 19° Junii.

993

Services, the Protection which he gave to the India Islands, and the Commercial Interests of this Kingdom; and also, to beseech His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that a Monument be erected in the said Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, to the Memory of General , Lord Heathfield, with an Inscription expressive of the Public Sense of the Merits of the important Services he has done to this Country by his brave and gallant Defence of Gibraltar; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the Expences attending the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

The Earl of Courtown likewise reported to the

House, that their Address of Monday last (humbly representing to His Majesty, that Thomas Watchmaker, having employed many Years and much Pains and Labour in endeavouring to improve the Principles of his Art, had succeeded so far in his said Endeavours as to be the Author of an Invention likely to be of the greatest Advantage in the Construction of Time-keepers; and humbly beseeching His Majesty, that, in Consideration of the Merit of the said Invention, such as it now appears, upon Examination, to this House, and without precluding the said Thomas Mudge from any further Reward which, from future Experience of the Value of his Invention, he may appear to be entitled to His Majesty will be graciously pleased to grant to the said Thomas,

upon his making a Discovery of the Principles of his Invention to such Persons as His Majesty may think proper to appoint, a Sum not exceeding 2,500l.; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from Penistone Bridge, in the County of York, to Grindleford Bridge, in the County of Derby, and the Roads severally leading from Bamford Woodgate over Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide Post on Thornhill Moor, to or near the Eighth Mile Stone on sage Moor, and to the Village of in the said

County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a new Street from Saint George's Road, in the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, through Holland's Leagure, into and across The Green Walk, and from thence into Gravel Lane, in the said Parish, and for discontinuing as a Public Highway Part of a Street called The Upper Ground Street, in the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, within the several Townships of Hollym and Withernsea, in the Parish of Hollym, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Townships; with some Araend-Vol. 48.

ments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Henry Hobart reported from the Committee, Treijer* Nat. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Bi|[f reported. An Act for naturalizing Gotlieb Augustus Treijer, was passed‘ committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same, without any Amendment.

Resolved. Nemine Contradicente, That an humble Address to Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will ^Howanceto be graciously pleased to continue to the Clerk Assist- the Clerk ant of this House, for the present Year, the Allow- Assistant, ance made to him by His Majesty pursuant to the Address of this House in the last Session of Parliament, and to grant him such a Compensation as His Majesty may deem equivalent to an Annual Allowance to a like Amount; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to Money for give Directions for the issuing such Sum of Money BeP"r of as shall be necessary for the Repair of the Harbour of Harbour. Douglas, in the Isle of Man; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newtown the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Wr,t‘ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newtown, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Richard Worsley, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonen-ham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Whitchurch the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ* for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Honourable John Thomas Toamshend, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Exchequer.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ludgershall the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludgershall, in the County of Wilts, in the room of Samuel Smith, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cockermouth the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, in the room of John Anstruther, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of His Majesty's Justice of the

11 U Counties

994,

Counties of Merioneth, Carnarvonand Anglesea, within the Principality of Wales.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Liskeard, in the County of Cornwall, in the Room of the Honourable Edward James Eliot, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, with a Salary annexed thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Edinburgh, in the room of the Right honourable Henry who, since his

Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, with a Salary annexed thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Rye, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the Honourable Robert Banks Jenkinson, who, since his Election for the said Town and Port, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, with a Salary annexed thereto.

The Hduse being informed, that Mr. Smythe, front the Commissioners for building Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Minutes of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, for the Year 1792: And also,

One Years Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from the 10th of October 1791, to the toth of October 1792; and also, an Account of Rents received by him from the 5th of July 1791 to the 5th of July 1792.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said Minutes and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, within the several Townships of Hollym and Withemsea, in the Parish of Hollym, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Townships.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 4. Leave out from " NeviH" to " shall" in Line 7.

1. 12. I Leave out " said Robert Barker, or and > " his" and insert " Mayor, Al-

13. J " dermen, and Burgesses of the " Town of Beverley, as Patrons of " the Vicarage of Hollym aforesaid, or their. "

A. 1793.

1. 15. Leave out " him or."

1. 19. Leave out from " of" to " and" in Line 21. and insert " the said " Peter Nevill, and so as often " as any Commissioner to be appointed in the Room or Stead " of the said Peter Nevill, shall " die, refuse, or be incapacitated " to act."

Pr. 10. 1. 20. Leave out " or his,"

and insert " Mayor, Aldermen,

" and Burgesses of Beverley, as " Patrons of the Vicarage of " Hollym aforesaid, or their."

I. 27.I Leave out " Robert Barker, or his" and > " and insert " Mayor, Aldermen,

28.J " and Burgesses of Beverley, as

" Patrons of the Vicarage of " Hollym aforesaid, or their.

1. 39. After " Commissioner" insert " Arbitrator (except Robert Osborne,

" Esquire, herein after mentioned)

" Umpire."

Pr. 11. 1. 17. After " as" insert " an Arbitrator,

" Umpire, or."

1. 38. After " the" insert " Arbitrators,

" Umpire, and."

Pr. 12. 1. l.l ^fter Commissioner," insert 2 J " Arbitrator and Umpire."

1. 5. After " Commissioners " insert " Arbitrator, or Arbitrators and " Umpire."

Pr. 27. 1. S- After " respectively" insert " but " subject nevertheless to the Tythes " of the Vicarage of Hollym " aforesaid, within the Township " of Hollym, to such Determination and Award as herein after " mentioned."

1. 33. I After " thereof" insert " subject as and \ " aforesaid to the Determination

34. J " and Award as herein after menturned, and."

Pr. 28. 1. 7. After " Barker"insert " subject to . " the Determination and Award " as herein after mentioned."

L 13, After " Successors" insert " but " subject to the said Determination and Award."

Pr. 36. 1. 6. After " Writing," insert " of the " Patrons of the said Vicarage,

" and."

Pr. 42. 1. 32. After " aforesaid" insert " but subject, with respect to the said " Robert Barker and his Successors, Vicars of Hollym aforesaid, within the said Township " of Hollym, to the Determination " and Award herein after mentioned."

Pr. 45. 1. 31. After " satisfied" insert Clauses (A) (B) (C) (D) and (E).

Clause (A). " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That when the said " Commissioners shall have appointed the said Allotment in " Land, and the said Money " Payment in lieu of the said " Tythes, within the said Township of Hollym, to the said " Robert Barker and his Successors, Vicars of Hollym aforesaid, the said Commissioners " shall, and they are hereby

" required

19° Junii.

33 Geo. III. 19

" required to give Notice in " Writing to Hardy, of

" Cottingham, in the County of " York, Gentleman, and to shomas " Mart, of Bentley, in the said County, Gentleman, who shall " be and are hereby appointed " Arbitrators for settling the " Amount of the said Compensation; and in case the said " Arbitrators shall not agree in <( ascertaining the said Compensation, and in making an " Award accordingly within One " Month after the said Reference " to them, then and in that Case " Jonathan Teal, of Leeds, in the said County of York, Gentleman, shall he, and is hereby " appointed Umpire for the final " Adjustment and Determination " of the said Compensation,

" which said Umpire having received actual Notice of the " said Arbitration, requiring his " Interference to settle the said " Compensation, and which Notice they are hereby required " to give, at or before the Expiration of the Time aforesaid,

" together with all Papers and " Documents in their Power or Possession, touching the said " Compensation, shall, and he is " hereby authorized, empowered,

" and required finally to determine the Compensation as " aforesaid, and to make his " Award in Writing thereon " accordingly, which said Award and Determination of the said " Arbitrators, in case of their 41 agreeing in Opinion, or other- wise of the said Umpire as " aforesaid, shall be final and conelusive to all Parties concerned to all Intents and Purposes " and Constructions whatsoever;

" and the said Arbitrators or " Umpire, as the Case may be,

" shall, and are hereby required " to form and draw up in Writing, under their Hands and " Seals, or Hand and Seal, their " Award or Determination respecting the Matter referred to " them, and deliver the same to " the said Commissioners, or any " Two of them, if made by the " said Arbitrators, within the " Space of One Calendar Month " next after the Time that the " Amount of the said Compensation shall have been referred " to them, or if made by the " said Umpire, within One Calendar Month after the Time " that the Amount of the said " Compensation shall have been

" referred to him."

Clause (B.) " And be it further Enacted, That after " such Award or Umpirage shall " have been so made and delivered to the said Commissioners, " or any Two of them, as aforesaid, and in case it shall thereby

Vol. 48.

995

" appear that the Compensation L°rds

" proposed by the said Com- AnJ*ndm*nU tt / u. , to Hollym

" missioners to be made to the and Withem-

" said Vicar and his Successors is sea Inclo-

" not sufficient, then and in such sure

" Case the said Commissioners conBidered-

shall and are hereby empowered

" and required to make such

" Addition thereto, by an Allotment of Land to be taken

" rateably and proportionably

" from the Open Lands of the

" other Proprietors in the Township of Hollym aforesaid, and

"by an Annual Payment in

" Money, or either of them, as

" shall in the Judgment of the said Arbitrators or Umpire, as

" the Case may be, specified by

" their or his Award, be a full

" and adequate Compensation to

" the said Vicar for all his Vi-

" canal Tythes in the said Township of Hollym.

Clause (C.) " And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the stud " Arbitrators or Umpire for the " Time being, who shall or may " be named or choBen, and shall " proceed to act as such, by virtue ". of any Power or Authority " given by this Act, or any One of " them, shall and may, at the*

" Request of any of the Parties " interested in the said Reference,

" by Writing under his or their'

" Hand or Hands, summon such " Witness or Witnesses as shall;

" be thought necessary to appear " and give Evidence before them " or him, as the Case shall be,

" on Oath (which Oath the said " Arbitrators or Umpire, or any " of them, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to " administer) at such Time and " Place as shall be therein appointed."

Clause.(D) " And be it further Enacted, That in " case the said William Hardy " shall die, or refuse to act, then " it shall be lawful for the said " Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, by Writing under their " Common Seal, to choose another Person instead of the said " William Hardy; and in case the " said Thomas shall die, or " refuse to act, then it shall be " lawful for the Majority in Va

" lue of the Proprietors of the " said Open Fields, Meadows,

" Pastures, and Carrs, in the " Township of Hollym aforesaid,

" by W riting under their Hands " and Seals, to choose another " Person in the Stead of the said " Thomas; and that in

" case the said Jonathan Teal " shall die, or refuse to act, then in " such Case Richard Clarke, of " Rothwell Haigh, in the said " County, Gentleman, shall act " as Umpire instead of the said " Jonathan Teal, and in case " both of them, the said Jonathan

" Teal

19" — 21° Junii. A. 1793.

<( and Richard Clarke, shall " die, or refuse to act, then the " acting Arbitrators for the Time " being shall nominate such Umpire as aforesaid; and all and " every Person so to be chosen " as aforesaid, shall have the " like Authority as is hereby vested in the Persons in whose " Places they shall be chosen as " aforesaid."

Clause (E.) " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That nothing herein " contained shall extend, or be " construed to extend, to prevent the Arbitrators herein appointed " from entering upon to survey " and view the Open Fields, " Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, " and ancient inclosed Lands, " within the Township of " aforesaid, at any Time after the " passing of this Act."

Agent to And the House being informed that Mr. John Lock-Wkhenuea wood, Agent for the Bill, attended at the Door, who

luclocure BUI C0UW give the House Information with respect to the examined. Consent of the Parties interested, touching the Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill; he was called in, and, at the Bar, examined in relation thereto.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Amendments be now read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " now," in order to add, at the End of the Question, the Words " upon this Day Three Months."

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 21° die Junii;

Anno 33* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1793.

Pea vers.

Marlborough /ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

Writ. L/ rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable James Earl of Courtoam, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty's Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dcsborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

BedwynWrit. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great in the County of Wilts, in the room of the Right honourable James George Stopford, commonly called Lord Viscount

Stopford, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty's Household.

The House proceeded to take into further Consi- Lords deration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, Amendment* intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, within the several M Townships of Hollym and Withemsea, in the Parish of Bill agreed Hollym, in the East Riding of the County of York, and to for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Townships.

And the said Amendments were severally read a Second Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Ingilby do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Lord Viscount Parker reported to the House, that Answer* to their Address of Wednesday last (that His Majesty Addresses, would be graciously pleased to continue to the Clerk Assistant of this House, for the present Year, the Allowance made to him by His Majesty pursuant to the Address of this House in the last Session of Parliament, and to grant him such a Compensation as His Majesty may deem equivalent to an Annual Allowance to a like Amount; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Lord Viscount Parker also reported to the House, that their Address of Wednesday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for the issuing such Sum of Money as shall be necessary for the Repair of the Harbour of Douglas, in the Isle of Man; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the same) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that he will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to Message to desire, that they will direct that the Painted Chamber, the Lords the Lobby, and the Passage to the House of Peers, may be cleared, Chamber,

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Parker do carry the &c.m*y be said Message. cleared.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Shaftesbury the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ, electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise Shaftesbury, in the County of Dorset, in the room of William Grant,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of His Majesty's Justices of the Counties of Carmarthen, and

Cardigan, and of the Town and County of Haoerford West, and of the County of the Borough of within the Principality of Wales.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Moly-, Royal Assrr. near, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod: *°

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; for applying

a certain

53 Geo,. III. 21° Jfunii. — 13° AugustL

a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly Societies:

An Act to authorize Justices of the Peace to impose Fines upon Constables, Overseers, and other Peace or Parish Officers, for Neglect of Duty, and on Masters of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices, and also to make Provision for the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Magistrates:

An Act for enlarging, deepening, cleansing, improving, and regulating the Harbour of Amlwch, in the Isle of Anglesey:

An Act for making a new Street from Saint George's Road, in the Parish of Christchurch, in the County of Surrey, through Holland's Leagure, into and across The GryeQ, IValk, and from thence into Gravel , in the said Parish, and for discontinuing as a Public Highway Part of a Street called The Upper Ground Street, in the said Paris!):

An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, lor repairing and widening the Road leading from Peni Bridge, in the County of York, to Grindlejord Bridge, in the County of Derby, and the Roads severally leading from Bamjord Wood-gate over Yorkshire Bridge, to the Guide Post on Thornhill Moor, to or near the Eighth Mile Stone on Hathersage Moor, and to the Village of Darwent, in the said County of Derby:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Uninclosed Fields, and Arable, Meadow, and Pasture Lands, Pastures, and Wastes, within the Township of Skidby, in the Parish of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Carrs, within the several Townships of Hollym and Withernsea, in the Parish of Hollym, in the East Riding of the County of York, and for making a Compensation in Lieu of the Tythes thereof, and also of the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Townships:

An Act for naturalizing Gotlieb Augustus Treijer.

His Majesty's After which, His Majesty was pleased to make a peecmost Gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Firmness, Wisdom, and Public Spirit, by which your Conduct has been eminently distinguished on the many important Occasions which have arisen during the present Session, demand My peculiar Acknowledgments.

Your firm Determination to support the Established Constitution, and the zealous and general Concurrence in that Sentiment, which My Subjects have so strongly and seasonably manifested, could not fail to check every Attempt to disturb the internal Repose of these Kingdoms; and you will, I doubt not, in your several Counties, encourage the Continuance of the same vigilant Attention to that important Object.

The rapid and signal Successes which, in an early Period of the Campaign, have attended the Operations of the Combined Armies; the respectable and powerful Force which you have enabled Me to employ by Sea and Land; and the Measures which I have concerted with other Powers for the effectual Prosecution of the War, afford the best Prospect of a happy Issue to the important Contest in which we are engaged: — It is only by Perseverance in vigorous Exertions, and by endeavounng to improve the Ad-

vantages already acquired, that we can hope to obtain the great End to which My Views are uniformly directed, the Restoration of Peace on such Terms as may be consistent with our permanent Security, and with the general Tranquillity of Europe.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I return, you My particular Thanks for the Chear-fulness and Dispatch with which you have granted the necessary Supplies; and I am happy to reflect, that you have been enabled liberally to provide for the Exigencies of the Public Service in a Manner so little burthensome to My People.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

The Arrangements which you have formed for the Government of the British Territories in India, and for the Regulation of Our Commerce with that Part of the World, will, I doubt not, secure and augment the important Benefits which we have already derived from those valuable Possessions. It has been impossible for Me to see, without Concern, the Embarrassment which has lately arisen in the State of Commercial Credit; but the Steps which you have taken to prevent the Progress of that Evil appear already to have been productive of very salutary Consequences; and while they have afforded a striking Instance of your Attention to the Interests of My People, their Effect has furnished additional reason to believe that the Distress, which has been felt, proceeded from a Concurrence of temporary Causes, and not from any Diminution of the real Wealth, or any Failure in the permanent Resources of the Country.

I have much Satisfaction in reflecting on the effectual Protection which I have been enabled to afford to the Trade of My Subjects since the breaking out of the War; I am at the same Time persuaded that, if Our Commercial Interests had unavoidably been affected to a more considerable Extent, it would not have been forgotten that We are contending for Our future Security, and for the permanent Preservation of Advantages, the, most striking and the most valuable, which any Nation has ever, by the Blessing of Providence, been permitted to enjoy.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Majesty's Parliament Command, said, prorogued.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

It is His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, that this Parliament be prorogued to Tuesday, the 13th Day of August next, to be then here holden; and his Parliament is accordingly prorogued to 1 he

] 3th Day of August next.

Martis, IS0 die Augusti;

Anno 330 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1793.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the prorogued. Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Sutherland, Deputy Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentleman of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

11 X Accordingly

Parliament

prorogued.

998 Octobris.-

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until,

the 29th Day of October next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until the 29th Day of

October next

Martis, 29* die Octobris;

Anno 34° Georgii III. U Regis, 1793.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday, the 10th Day of December next; and the Parliament

-10* Decembris. A. 1793.

was accordingly prorogued until the loth Day

of December next.

Martis, 10* die Decembris

Anno 34* Georgii III'a Regis, 1793.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament Prorogation; and Mr. Speaker being in the prorogued. Country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday, the 21st Day of January next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday, the 21st Day of January next.

INDEX

[Index removed.]

FINIS

